Chris Nassetta: Yes, I think system-wide second half of the year, we think it will be in the 90s. It will probably be 5 points off with the difference being made up in rate.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean, sorry, I did give a bit of a filibuster, but just wanted to give the whole thing context and not have it be chopped up. So, my apologies for answering what are probably a bunch of your questions, but I do think I sort of covered that. We certainly expect international travel to pick up. We don’t think that’s going to move the needle in necessarily in a huge way in the second half of the year. It really is what we described is what I already described, which is continuing strength and leisure, because weekend business we think is still going to remain strong, consumers still has desire and capacity to do it. They are traveling more from combination of the leisure business, of business in leisure. So we think that will mean leisure business will ultimately be at elevated levels relative to what we saw in pre-pandemic times. And we do think from a revenue point of view, business transient is on track largely because of the success we have had in SMB in the second half of the year, just on a revenue basis be back to 2019 levels. Now, that depends – we don’t have all those bookings on that are confirmed at this point, but if you look again at June and July, you talk to the customers, look – we look at detailed data on sort of how they are behaving right now. We feel good about that and group I covered. I mean, we think group will not recover to where we were in ‘19. There is just not enough time, but we think it’s going to get awfully close. And we think there is a lot of momentum in the group side going into next year. So, I think, net-net, Sean, probably repeating myself, what it depends on is more of what we have been saying just grinding up on business. I mean, we are at – for the whole quarter, we were at 95% on business transient. So we are getting awfully close in June in the U.S. We hit ‘19 level. So it doesn’t – the rest of the year. It doesn’t – it’s sort of – it – what the rest of the year suggests is the strengthening and group based on our real position of group room nights on the books. And similar to what we have seen in June and July, in business transient and normal – strength on weekends for leisure, but normal pattern of leisure backing off during the midweek as you go into the fall.
Chris Nassetta: I think the – well, I think the answer is yes. And what largely would drive it is what you are saying the non-RevPAR related fees are growing as a percentage of the fee base. And then the impact on the downside was accentuated because of the extremes. So in a normal like sort of normal recessionary environment, you don’t see those sort of extreme impacts in terms of declines, RevPAR to EBITDA. So we think in a normal kind of environment, yes, it would be more one for one and we would get the benefit of the things that you described.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, really good question. And yes, I mean, what’s going on, essentially and let me just sort of everywhere, but China is that demand on the – from owners to sign new deals, has actually moved up pretty nicely. And you would say why with all the swirling winds and all the uncertainty? Well, I mean, look at, like they own assets and they are at, look at the results we are delivering and what we think we will deliver for the year and where we are relative to ‘19. You think about margins, not our margins, but with all the changes we have made in the hotels. I mean, the reality is not every single – in every single case, but in many, many cases, the hotels that our owners own are performing extraordinarily well, they are at high RevPARs with higher margins than they had pre-COVID. And so listen, this is what they do for a living, they are seeing great success, they are seeing tremendous flow-through they are seeing incredible rate in sort of pressure and that makes them want to do more of what they do. And so as Kevin said, we will sign – we won’t get to our peak in signings, but we will get – we are getting closer. We will get over 100,000 rooms. And again, I think it’s just positive. So that’s without China. China, actually, we will open more rooms in China this year, but we won’t sign as many simply, because there – with the way they are addressing COVID with the lockdowns and the likes, have slowed development activity there. We have every confidence that when they reopen, it will pick up at a fast pace, but from a cultural point of view, they really – you really don’t get signings done when things are closed. It’s just not the way things happen and it’s been a little delayed. So, I think the reality is when you – with the demand in the rest of the world, when you get that part of the engine firing as well, the numbers are going to feel pretty good and then it has to translate. And I think that will translate over time as sort of the world settles down a bit and people have a little bit more visibility on what’s going on. But the demand is there market share, I shouldn’t, we are not going to be – we are out of the business of describing exactly what our market share is for a whole bunch of competitive reasons. But I will say, market share is up, again, in a meaningful way, significantly above 2019 levels significantly above where all our competitors are and that’s helping drive disproportionate interest, not only do people want to build more, but I think they want to – I think they want to build more with us, because we are doing a better job in terms of driving share to help them drive profitability.
Chris Nassetta: That is funded by the system, which means essentially, it’s funded by owners. We have, I mean, the grossly simplified explanation is people will either pay us a management fee or franchise fee and then we have corporate expenses and then they pay system fees for a bunch of things marketing, technology, brand, essentially system charges and those that we manage, on a dollar – on a not for profit basis, if you will, on their behalf. And all of the marketing dollars that we are talking about in our campaign come out of that. They are not corporate dollars. They are for the benefit of the system.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, happy to answer that. And then Kevin can jump in if he wants to add anything. First of all, just to be clear, I didn’t say we are hitting records on signings, I’d say we are over 100,000. I think our peak was 116 – 115, 116, something like that. So we are getting closer and we are getting over 100 without as much help as we would like from China. On the start side, we do believe starts will go down again this year, given all of the things that are going on in the world with supply chain labor, financial markets, fears over the macro and recession, we think that they will have down. Having said that, our best estimates at this point, we have talked about this on prior calls is that we will probably have hit the floor in starts in the U.S. last year. We think we will be up modestly this year and probably hit the floor outside the U.S. this year. And our expectation is, given what I described before in terms of just where we are with RevPAR, where we are with margins, owner desire to do things that all things being equal, we are of the mind that next year – that this year would be the low point in starts and that they would start moving back up. And that puts us in a position to do as we have been expecting and suggesting we would do, which is for the next couple of years deliver in the mid-single digit.
Chris Nassetta: We are doing better on margins, faster recovery, even better cost discipline that we assume. So, we are doing better on margins than we had suggested before.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. And we – actually, if you recall, we thought just because of the recovery in the real estate, we will get lower margins, it would help EBITDA growth, but it might just the arithmetic would hurt margins. And we had thought that we might sort of be flat or even a little bit down as we got through that this year. Obviously, with the guidance we gave you were 100 basis points, 150 basis points above what we did last year, which was meaningfully above ‘19, which is getting us to the higher end of the 600 basis points. And we think we are going to be able to continue to drive margin growth from there.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. On average, if you just do the math and your model, my guess is it will be similar to ours. It’s 50 basis point to 100 basis point natural accretion in margin every year, just based on the business model.
Chris Nassetta: I think you are reading a little too much into it. But I think at this point, we sort of view the second half of the year, third quarter and fourth quarter in a very similar way. Obviously, the third quarter is a much, much bigger, more important quarter in the sense of all forms of travel. So, you have sort of seasonal things going on. But in terms of the basic breakdown of what we think in performance of the segments, we don’t – we are not forecasting any difference any meaningful…
Chris Nassetta: We have been watching that as you would guess really carefully and studying our data, along with the airline data and we haven’t seen any real impact. We just can’t find it. So, we feel pretty good about it. I mean talking to the not just listening, but I know most of the CEOs in the airline space and talking to them, I think they are making pretty darn good progress in terms of getting capacity back, getting the teams that they need in terms of pilots, flight attendants, maintenance crew, getting them trained. So, I mean it’s not done by any means. But I think every day, it gets a little better. And so I think we feel like, we will be fine. I mean if you look at the patterns, like in the in the second quarter, I was actually surprised. And it’s directional, I can’t – I am not going to tell you like we have perfect data on this. But it’s pretty good directional, and it’s consistent with what –the same way we would have analyzed it pre-COVID. In a normal world, like 60% of our business was fly-to and 40% of it was drive-to. In the second quarter, we think it was two-thirds drive-to, one-third fly-to. So, part of what’s going on is people are with restricted capacities, they are just driving more, they are driving longer distances, but – and they are staying in a tighter – they may be driving further, but they are not going cross country or whatever. It’s more regional and local business, but that works. So at the moment, while the airlines are sort of working their issues out, I think people are acting sort of accordingly in terms of how they are getting places. And we are not seeing any impact. We don’t talk to customers, we don’t think that it’s going to impair the rest of the year.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean the truth is, we are doing it with a lot of flexibility, because while we have a belief, which we have articulated in a bunch of different ways on this call, we know that we may not be perfectly right. So, as we – I think proven during COVID, our teams, including our sales teams, our commercial teams are unbelievably quick on their feet. We retooled everything when we had to in COVID. We have retooled a dozen times through COVID as demand patterns have sort of been normalizing. So, I think what we will be set up for and then ready to pivot is a world that I described, which is a world that is getting reasonably close to pre-COVID normalization. I mean just like in Q2, by way of example, if you look at the segments compared to 2019, 55% – in 2019, 55% of our overall system revenue came from business transient, 25% from leisure transient and 20% from group. If you look at the depths of COVID, it probably the most extreme times it went to like 35%, business, 55% leisure, and 10% group. In the second quarter, it was almost 50% business transient. It was like 34%, 35% leisure and 16% or 17% group. So as I have said before, we have sort of expected that as much as everybody wants to think everything is different. We sort of have been planning throughout and taking it in steps for a normalization to maybe not be exactly where we were pre-pandemic, but more looking like that than where we were, and that’s what’s happening. And so, that’s what will be set up for. But as I have said, the key here always is, flexibility and be prepared to pivot. On the margin, I do think we will continue to have higher levels of leisure than we had pre-pandemic. My guess is we will have potentially a surge in group just because of so much pent up demand as well. And so what are we doing, we are making sure we are staying super aggressive on leisure strategies, making sure that we are staying super aggressive on – with our group sales team, and they were all over every opportunity. And that we are focused on that. And then on the business transient side, while we love our big corporates, and we continue to work with them, we have had a lot of success with the SMBs. In the end, we think that when we normalize, we will have lower big corporates and higher SMB at a higher rate. And so we have deployed accordingly in our sales teams across the board to make sure that we are working those SMB accounts that we are covering a lot more of those in a very thoughtful way to continue to build that business. So, those will be at a high level, that’s sort of when we are sitting at this table talking about how we are going to deploy over the next 12 months, that’s how we are thinking about it. But if the world pivots, we will pivot very quickly with it. But my guess is, that’s how the world is going to play out, little bit more leisure, a lot more group, a bunch more business transient and for us with a with a real focus on the SMBs.
Chris Nassetta: They have been flat. They have been almost – all of our large corporate clients during COVID agreed to keep rates flat to 2019 levels. And now in those negotiations, again, keeping it in perspective, it’s like 7% of the business right now, maybe 7% and a little bit of change. So, like, just keep that in perspective. But I think, what we are indicating is probably mid-single digit kind of increases for those accounts. And again, in a lot of hotels, the reason we want that even though SMB is maybe at higher rate is it provides a base of business, just like we put a basic group business on the books. It’s another way to put a base of business on. So, it’s hotel – it will be hotel-by-hotel, will be some hotels, and we will take any of it with some hotels, it will take some of it because they need the base. But I would suspect while it’s way early to judge, it’s sort of mid-single digit, the goals would be, to have dynamic pricing with all those accounts and that the end result will be somewhere in the mid-single digits. And that, when we are all said and done, it will be 6% or 7% – 6% to 8% of the business, where it used to be 10%.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I mean – it’s hard to say and we are not here giving guidance on next year. There is a long way, if you are there and there is a lot of uncertainty in the world. But I mean probably the best, I gave you a little bit is said, although we are not in those negotiations in earnest yet with the big corporates where that would be. I think the way we would think about – the way we would think about unmanaged business transient business would be somewhere in the 5% to 10% range to keep pace with inflation. And I think we would think about the group, our group bookings the same way. In fact all the group bookings that like we were doing generally new group bookings that we did in the second quarter for ‘23, we are in the high-single digit rate increases, I mean as the data point.
Chris Nassetta: None. Now, in some of those markets, we may not be in them. But as you can see kind of the numbers that we are posting at least what we are forecasting, what we are seeing in booking patterns, we are not seeing any impact. I mean I think what they do is they serve a certain customer need and we serve another customer need. I have said it for a long time, there is plenty of room for us to coexist given what we are delivering is very different. And it’s generally for different types of stay occasions. So, we are not – there is zero discernible impact from Airbnb side.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I will offer an answer. Maybe Kevin will come over and offer a different one. But I would say Europe was the big surprise for me. Europe is on fire, huge surge in business. I mean the big cities, London, everything are raging this summer. In Q2 and they are raging in Q3. So, that’s been and Europe is now trending above ‘19. I think for the full year, Europe will be not just for the second half, Europe was above in Q2. I think Europe will be ahead for the full year of 2019, in terms of RevPAR. So, that’s been a pleasant surprise. And China, the honest answer is we don’t know. I would have thought, I mean we are making progress. Kevin gave the data points. I mean we have moved from in the 30s to 60. And I think we are probably above that now. You have things ebbing and flowing. I saw this morning they are locking down part of Wuhan, a million people. So, we are hopeful by the – and I have been saying this, and I have been consistent by the time they have the party congress, which is in October, that they are at a different place. I think that is, as we talk to our teams there, I think there is a lot of belief that, as we get to the fall, things are going to normalize rapidly there. I do think it will be a while and what do I know for the record for anybody listening, I do think it will be a while before we have a ton of Chinese travelers traveling internationally or any of us going to China. I am hopeful that that would be next year. I haven’t been since 2000 – the end of 2019 and I am dying to go. But the reality is, as we saw in the early recovery of COVID where they lead the world, when China opens up, China, in China, for China, just Chinese travelers moving around China, the business can boom in a very big way, because they are not leaving, they are staying and they love to travel within China and see the destinations there. So, I think as we get into October and the rest of the year, I would hope and I do think and our teams think that you are going to see a lot of activity in terms of what’s going on and opening and travel within China. And I do think that will then start to restart in a big way the development engine that wants to go and people want to do, it’s just, it’s been kind of hard to get it chugging again.
Chris Nassetta: As always, we appreciate you guys taking an hour out of your life to join us. We are obviously really pleased with the results in second quarter. We see the recovery, not just to happening, but happening at an even faster pace than we thought. We know the world has got a lot going on, but as I have said, bunch of different ways. As to Kevin, we feel quite good. We are cautiously optimistic. We feel quite good about the momentum we have and the wind we have in our sales through the rest of this year and into the first part of next year. And we look forward to giving you an update after we finish the third quarter. Thanks and have a great day.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, David. I think that we look first of all, I would say, yes, you are right, it did swing to a profit. We have been saying for a while that the growth rate would be more than the overall portfolio. In fact, that was the case when the numbers were still negative. It was in a weird way, it was still growing faster in improving the growth rate of the company. It’s all fundamentals though. I mean, if you look at where the portfolio was located in this particular quarter, the real strength regions were UK, particularly London and Central Europe. Japan, still a little bit further behind. So as APAC recovers, you have even a little bit more of a tailwind there from that part of the portfolio, but the RevPAR growth in the quarter was significantly ahead of even where I gave the Europe the EMEA – I gave the Europe number in my prepared remarks. The RevPAR for this portfolio was even further ahead of that. And so that’s where it’s coming from. And we expect those trends to continue again particularly as Japan is a little bit further behind on recovery. So, we expect going forward that, that portfolio. Well, remember, it’s a small part of the business. And over time, it will continue to be a smaller part of the business, but it will be a tailwind to our growth rate for a while as those regions recover.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, I think it’s there is no reason why it won’t get back to or even exceed prior levels. You got to remember, the portfolio does get a little bit smaller over time. We exited 7 of those assets last year, 3 of which came into the system and shifted over to paying fees, but 4 of which went away altogether. That’s not going to make a huge difference on that. But I would – so I would say keeping in mind that the portfolio continues to get smaller, I would say that recovering to where it was on a lag is a good way to think about it.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. I think last thing that Chris said is important in the sense that when we gave you that number that was sort of just helping people model sort of recovery and where it was going to go. It was not meant to be sort of a stopping point between the mix continuing to grow over time towards these non-RevPAR driven fees and cost control, we think margins will continue to grow over time.
Kevin Jacobs: No, I think we had said that in the past and on prior calls. I think Chris said we expect starts to be down a little bit this year, there is a lot of year left. So, we are not sure exactly where it’s going to play out, but probably be a little bit less than that.
