Kevin J. Jacobs: As it relates to the high-end, you know that's why we gave you a range. So you would have to believe – I agree, you would have to believe that broader economic growth is meaningfully above consensus to get that, but that's why we gave a range. We assumed that we are forecasting somewhere in the midpoint of our range and we've given you a range of outcomes if the economy and broader growth is lower or higher.
Kevin J. Jacobs: We did gain share on all brands in the first quarter, but it's just varying degrees of share gain that blended to the nearly 100 basis points that we mentioned. And as Chris mentioned, you have independents and then you have non-comp hotels in the STR data. So you can get different answers on a quarter to quarter basis.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yes, we have, Felicia, these two big transactions coming up that as Chris said earlier in response to Steve's question have some expense associated with them. So that's in – and also as I said in my prepared remarks, we fully expect to target the same credit rating and start a share repurchase program once we get the spins or ask our Board to start a share repurchase program once we get our spins complete, but we're really just saving our cash for the transactions.
Kevin J. Jacobs: On an overall basis for the segment, we've seen cost per occupied room for the first quarter was still below 2%. So we've had pretty good cost containment there. On the U.S. hotels, we'll detail all this in the Form 10s and the like and how it breaks up, a little bit higher but we've been doing a good job of containing costs even in a wage and benefit environment that's been pretty high growth across the nation.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yes, I think that's a good way of describing the Wall Street versus Main Street. I mean you know the main street side of it is where the lion's share of our development is getting done, especially in the U.S. On the Wall Street side of it, I think for existing cash flowing assets, when you had the world freeze up the way Chris described it, CMBS in particular, spreads did gap out quite a bit, but those markets have re-stabilized and they are looking a lot stronger than they were. But again on the main Street side of it, I think specific to your question about development, that is almost all local, they are highly equitised, they are financed on a loan to cost basis and it's just a little bit different environment than some of the things you've been hearing out of Wall Street.
Kevin J. Jacobs: David, we saw those comments of course like you did and we have not seen that – that particular activity has not existed in our business, and frankly our customers, who is a little bit different customer, has been quite strong. So our default rates are not picking up. Our average FICO on new loans is almost 750, so a quite high credit profile for our customers. And frankly I was just looking at our default rates. We're not up really at all in the quarter. So we're not seeing that issue.
Christopher J. Nassetta: On the first, unfortunately I'm not going to satisfy your need there. We're going to have a lot of information that we're going to – we're just around the bend from filing the Form 10 that will give you a much better sense of what we think and supplemental information ultimately that will give you a much better sense of the cost. So if you could just wait a teeny amount of additional time, I think we'll give you some clarity on that. We'd rather do it in a more complete way as we give disclosures on both companies. On the margin side, obviously yes, we're growing margins in all three businesses. Going forward, all three of those businesses, as we get to the spins, are going to be doing that as independent companies. One of the things I'd talk about here is, and I understand why the market seems to be exceptionally focused on top line, everything is about top line, we don't get a lot of questions on margins and bottom line, so I appreciate it because we're running a very big global complex business and it starts at the top line but driving cost and margins to get it to the bottom line which I think frankly we've done quite an effective job not just in this quarter but for years and years while we've been public and while we've been private, I honestly don't think gets sort of enough attention or discussion. Probably on the limits of time on this call, it would be hard to go into all of those initiatives. I mean part of the margin growth is obviously coming from the really industry-leading growth that we're getting on the new unit side and continuing to see all of the new units coming-in in the Management and Franchise segment where essentially those are 100% margin business additions, but on the Timeshare side, as you'll see as we break that business apart, you'll see in the Form 10, we have done a tremendous amount of work there to drive what I believe are industry-leading margins by just being much more efficient on how we sell and distribute the product. And then inside the hotels, we have hundreds of initiatives that are going on all the time on the labor side, labor management side, making sure we're driving efficiency in every way possible on procurement, et cetera. So there is a constantly evolving but long list of things that we're doing in the hotels. I think it's fair to say we are exceptionally focused not just on driving top line but cost, and ultimately we are running the whole business and trying to drive margins as high as we can to get as much EBITDA to the bottom line as possible.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I'm happy to answer it in some ways. I don't want to get snarky about what our competitors are doing. I think the way to think about it is that we have chosen a path proactively which is a different path than others, including them have taken, and that started with the fact that we did not get involved in the process of when Starwood last summer put themselves in play, and that was related to the fact that as we looked at it and we looked at what our opportunity was, we were very focused on having purebred brands that were market segment leaders in their individual segments, that were category killers and that each of our individual existing brands we wanted to be described that way, and any individual brand that we might add to the system, and we obviously have had a number, we wanted to fall in that category. And as a result to drive the highest market share by brand, the highest average market share, which ultimately we thought and think will drive, as a result of resonating with customers, will drive the highest organic growth, and we chose not to want to have the distractions that would come with doing something like that. And I think if you look at our numbers and what we're driving in terms of organic growth, as I said in my prepared comments, we've been leading the industry for the last several years, I think we'll continue to lead the industry, and I think what we're focused on is making sure that every brand we have really resonates with customers and with owners and that we continue to drive that growth and I think that sort of the story. In terms of scale, I said in my comments, we are in a business where scale matters and we think we have enough scale. I think my attitude, our attitude at this point when you have existing system and pipeline that's 1.1 million rooms, we're big enough and we're in the game of quality at this size as opposed to quantity.
Christopher J. Nassetta: First, thanks for the question, and an important one as well. I think there already is a natural ceiling on supply growth. I mean it is creeping up a little bit but it's still well below long-term averages and I suspect will be lower than people think as it has been the last couple of years when the year is out. It's going to be somewhere in my mind between 1.5% and 1.75% against the 2.5% long-term average. So I think very much in check, and I think the reason that it's in check is really simple and that is, while there is capital available, it's limited amounts of capital, and the basic economics only support a certain amount of development and largely what you would find is that is in the limited service space. We happen to have in my mind the best limited service brands out there. So from the standpoint of what we're seeing product-wise, it's all as described or a little bit as described in my prepared comments. Now Tru with our new brand, Home2, Homewood, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton, that's the large majority certainly in the U.S. of what we see getting done largely in secondary and tertiary markets. Why is that getting done? Two reasons. That's where the economics make sense where demand growth is heavy enough, where pricing structures and cost to build makes sense so owners can get the economics. And why are we getting disproportionately 2.5x our existing system size in the U.S.? There is a simple reason. Our brands are strong enough, market share is strong enough that while there is limited financing, we are getting a disproportionate amount of that financing. So I've said it before, we're sort of in a sweet spot for us which is there are some pretty decent natural constraints on supply, but yet we're getting a disproportionate share of what's available to get done because we're one of the most financeable and we're driving the best economics for owners so they want to continue to invest with us.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, I don't think you need occupancy. I think you're going to see the vast majority of RevPAR growth in the industry and certainly for us be rate at this point and then that's what you would expect at this point. We've been saying that this would come for the last couple of years. I think the reason we think – first of all, first quarter if you just neutralize for the Easter effect, would've been positive, a slightly positive occupancy growth. So I think it's just a reversal of that, a much stronger group base and some basic pick-up off a very weak corporate transient demand as I described in my first answer that's going to drive some modest occupancy growth. I don't think it's going to be big time occupancy growth. I think it's just sort of reversal of some of those three trends that drive more volume in the last three quarters of the year.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I don't think it's a major trend. I think it was one portfolio that we have in the U.K. in some of our leased estates that as we were restructuring some of that relationship, we flipped from managed to franchise. So I don't see it as a big trend. I think it was fairly unique to that transaction.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Not yet, not yet. I think you got two opportunities there. One, the comps get much, much easier really in third and fourth quarter. If you look at the dive in those markets last year, first quarter not so much, second quarter it started, third and fourth quarter was in full swing. So you're going to get much easier comps in those markets in Q3 and Q4. And you have to believe, although I will say, we haven't seen it yet that with oil prices off the bottom and moving back up, it will provide a little bit more of a stability on the demand side in those markets, but we'll have to wait and see that happen.
Christopher J. Nassetta: That's a very fair question, Joe, given first quarter, and if we've done our job, those should match up. In the first quarter they didn't match up exactly, in part really to do with timing on some of the timeshare stuff that moved $10 million or $12 million from one quarter to the next. It would have otherwise generally been lined up. So our guidance on both EBITDA and RevPAR were intending to match up between low and high end.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I did not and I don't want to get into month-to-month too much, but here's what I'd say. Relative – April is trending sort of at or a little bit above the midpoint of our guidance for the quarter, so a lot better than Q1, and in the places that you want to see it, good group base but also corporate business coming back.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think it helps everybody. I think here's the underpinning of it, Shaun, is that we're trying to deliver the best value and best experience for our customers, and what Stop Clicking Around is really intended to do is in a fairly loud way admittedly make it clear to customers how they are going to have the best experience and where they are going to get the best value because I think not all customers really understand that, okay. So we're trying to put an exclamation point on it, and I think if you look at the stats early days, but if you look at the stats in the first quarter, I think it reflects that customers are getting it and that so far we're having very good success, but it's a long-term strategy and you definitely will hear more about it. In terms of what's the beneficiary of it, I think everybody benefits from it. In the end I think the customers benefit because they are going to get a better experience and they are going to get a better value. Clearly the system, all of our owners benefit because in the end it is a much more – not only do their customers end up happier because it's a better experience and they get a better value but they get that value at a lower cost because our direct channels are the most efficient way to distribute our product. And so, yes, the largest benefit is really going to flow through to the system, meaning all of our owners, and we are obviously very serious about not only driving market share at the highest levels as described in my prepared comments, to drive returns to owners and incremental growth for us but driving the best bottom line possible. The more that we can have a direct relationship with our customers, the more efficiently we can distribute our product and our owners' product, the better their returns are going to be, the happier they are going to be, the more hotels they're going to build into the system. In terms of percentages, I would say our direct channels are sort of a quarter of our business and growing at a very rapid pace. The OTAs are plus or minus kind of 10% of our business. So our direct channels are significantly larger than those channels, and as I described in my prepared comments, growing at this point at a much faster pace.
Christopher J. Nassetta: That's hard to say. I mean I think you're going to see an acceleration in demand unless something else goes wrong. I think we're already starting to see the early signs of that. How to describe it as a V or U, I don't know. I'd probably describe it as U, but a long U. Again, I wasn't trying to suggest – I think it's very positive. I think we see great telltale signs that it's happening. I think just – I say to our guys here, common sense tells you it's going to happen because it wasn't just the beginning of this year, the end of last year we went into a deep freeze and we definitely have been witnessing a [sign] [ph] across the broader economy. That just have to ultimately drive incremental business. Exactly how much, it's hard to see. That's why we've been I think tried to be quite reasonable in giving a range of outcomes that are not suggesting a big steep V-shaped recovery but certainly a decent uptick from what we saw in Q4 on the corporate transient and Q1.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I don't know, I'd have to dig into it, Pat, to understand it more clearly. There's nothing going on I would say. It's been a lot of time with all of the brand heads on all of the brands. I can't say I've dissected the first quarter of Hampton but there's not a broader issue and in fact Hampton did gain market share in the system. So it could have to do with – the only thing I could guess is, when you're looking at Smith Travel data, we're comp and Smith Travel is non-comp. I'm not saying that's the answer, just I'd have to dig into it. I mean if you think about where all the new supply is coming in, it's in that segment and those are all ramping up when they come in new and it's a disproportionately large chunk of new supply. My guess is that probably explains it but I'm happy to work with our team and dig in a little bit more. We did gain share on a comp basis in the Hampton. Hampton is doing great. We're signing up owners. I'd say Hampton is one of the most successful brands and most desired brands that exist in this space with the ownership community.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Not really, no. I mean I really don't want to give the business forecasting by the month or trying to give color. I'll give you a little color though just based on what we see, it's a fair question by the way, Pat, I know you guys are looking for any forward-looking color and I would too. So I think it's fair rather than give you a number of exactly what our forecast is, what I would say is Q2 has a better group base. That group base is distributed overall more heavily in April and June than May and we've seen as I said in April a nice uptick in the corporate business. Our sightlines in the May and June, what we do have, suggest pretty decent trajectory on that basis if everything stays as I said sort of relatively stable in the world. And so I would expect that, again I said it earlier, we're kind of forecasting a range of 3% to 5%. That means we're hoping to be somewhere around the midpoint. I think it will be distributed with April and June being stronger than May, just in part because of the group base being so much stronger in April and particularly June.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I'd say on that, we're going to give you the Form 10 and you'll know where everything goes. But the overarching theory is we're trying to make all these companies really great companies and set them up for success. And so things that fit within the REIT you should assume are going to be in the REIT largely and things that don't would not. And so I think the sum and substance of the EBITDA related to leases will end up remaining an OpCo, both because it doesn't fit within the REIT structure really because most of that is international, and importantly in those parts of the world that's how we have our tenure in those assets. Many of which that drive the largest part of that EBITDA are very important strategic assets. So it makes sense for that to stay back in OpCo. Even though they'll be there, and you'll see when we do all the disclosures, it will be a relatively small component. The bulk of all of the real estate ownership EBITDA will be moving out. On the G&A side, we'll give you more – I'm not going to pick on others, I think you can look at our G&A at Hilton and compare it to our competitors and given my earlier comments about we are very top line but also cost and bottom-line focused and we think we do a really good job running a tight ship. We are going to be as efficient as anybody out there. Let's leave it at that and we'll give you more color on that both through the Form 10s and supplemental disclosures that will go along with that.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think you will continue to see more of it. There aren't tons of logical combinations when you really dig into it, but my view is you're at that stage of the cycle, I think people have figured out that scale matters, there are some that have it and some that don't and I do think – I'm not going to in any way suggest anybody is scrambling around because I don't see that, but I do think people are taking deep breaths and saying, are there things that we could do to try and get some of that scale because I think there is something to this network effect that we've been articulating prior to and since the IPO, and I think proving out in both average market share of our brands and leading organic net unit growth, and I think when people look at that, look at what others have done with Marwood, et cetera, I think it has to make them think. Now what they do, I don't know. Again, I just don't sense people scrambling around in a mad dash but it'd be surprising to me if you didn't continue to see some incremental M&A activity.
Christopher J. Nassetta: So, no. In fact what's interesting on group, I was going through the stats with the team over the last week or two, not only we are not seeing any increases in cancel or attrition activity, it's gone down year-over-year, so a very good trend. I was sort of surprised myself. I assumed it would be stable, not that it would necessarily go up, but it's actually been going down. So I think we're mixing and matching comp sets unfortunately and that's – when I think we commented in the first quarter, I think we were really highlighting some of the bigger group assets, and what we were talking about today in terms of weakness in group and the group position was the whole system because I think everybody seems to be and should be really focused on our system-wide RevPAR growth in the first quarter and what we think for the system-wide at 3% to 5% for the full year. So it's a little bit of a comp set thing. If you look at our big, we call them our sort of top 120, or you look at the big six assets, they did actually have a reasonably strong first quarter in group. If you take it through the whole system, group revenues were up sort of 1%,. They were up depending on the bigger hotels, they were up 3% to 4%, okay. So I think that's the differential.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I don't think we've seen a big increase year-over-year in that. I think if you look over the last two or three years, we've seen a significant increase both by customer, because of customer behavior, but also technologies and apps that have come out that have accelerated the behaviour. We did do it, and so yes, like others we have seen that trend. It's more prevalent in certain major markets around the country. It's not as prevalent throughout the system. We do think it's an important issue. We are working hard on it. We did do the test, as I mentioned I think on one of the last couple of calls. Not necessarily that that's what exactly we want to do, but we wanted to get a sense of how our customers responded to it. We're working on a bunch of different approaches to it. And the trick here is to do something that makes sense for customers or that's what we're in the business of doing, is serving customers, but is also thoughtful relative to how we manage the inventory for ourselves and all of our owners. We're one of the very few businesses I can think of that ties up basically all of its inventory with no downside risk, and particularly in today's world with new technologies and these kinds of behaviors, that has a cost to it. Now that cost ultimately is going to be borne at some point by the consumer. So while it may seem like it's good for them, it may ultimately not be so good. So I don't have the answer yet. We're doing – we have all of our – as I say, we've got all our scientists working on it and we're trying to figure out as probably a little bit later this year how do we come up with a way to price our products in a way that customers understand it, it works for them for the various things, the needs that they may have but it's a more sensible way to manage inventory, and we're making some progress on it. Nothing to announce, nothing to scare consumers about. We're not going to do dumb things relative to that don't make sense for consumers, but we – there are other businesses, there are ways to be able to look at pricing for those that need more or less flexibility and to create different sorts of pricing structure. So we'll give you more when we have it. We're very focused on it because I think it's in everybody's interest, customers and owners and the system.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Not anything dramatic. I mean there are parts of the world, China being the best example, where you have seen as they over the last year or two have sort of been evolving their economy and shifting to more of a services versus an infrastructure based economy, you have definitely seen a slowdown there relative and a lengthening of development period between signings and openings. But there's nowhere else in the world, maybe a little bit in Europe as it's had, as Europe has had its ups and downs, but broadly speaking, if I went and actually statistically looked at the timelines that we've had historically between signings and openings, they are following pretty normal patterns maybe outside of those, particularly China and about a little bit of Europe, outside of those examples. So I think so goes on the lag to the signings. You can sort of prognosticate that the openings will pick up as you get to the gestation period for development.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Given that we have doubled our net unit growth percentage at the same time we've been growing the Company since 2007 or 2008 by 50%, I think you've been seeing it. We've gone from sort of a low point of unit growth of 3% in 2010 to 6% to 7%. So we doubled our growth rate. At the same time, the Company has gotten 50% bigger. So I'd say you are seeing it. Hopefully appreciating it.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I am confident. As I said in my comments, I've known Tom for 30 years. Tom was not just on the list, Tom was the No. 1 top person on our list, and we couldn't be more pleased that he was willing to come provide the leadership of our new REIT. So it's an exciting day for all of us.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Some of it for sure. I mean there's no question. It'd be hard, Felicia, for me to give you an exact number at this point, maybe when we get through the month and we have, we can scrub all the data we can. There's no question the reverse impact is benefiting you, but there's also no question – and I'm not trying to pound the [indiscernible], there's no question we're also seeing broadly unrelated to that a modest pick-up in corporate transient business. It's there, I've been talking to a ton of corporate customers. The great thaw that I described, it's going on. And what I can't tell you is like what is the result in terms of broader growth, exactly what is the shape of the uptick, but I think all things being equal meaning things stay in a relatively stable mode, it's just hard creating Easter effect, it's hard to apply common sense and not believe that you're going to see corporate transient pick-up.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes, we're hunkered down to get these things done and there are a lot of moving pieces all of which are manageable but we want to sort of get it done and create three pure-play companies and we'll get back on it.
Christopher J. Nassetta: It did honestly surprised us to the upside a little bit. In talking to our China teams, I talk to our teams constantly around the world, they were a little bit surprised and part of what's going on is just sort of part of the great thaw. The reason for the great thaw is I think there is a little bit more stability in the Chinese economy. Certainly the world is starting to settle down on China. I think if you're in China, which our guys are, and operating running businesses I think, it feels like things are to our teams more stable, the business is showing up. And so, yes, we feel pretty good about what will happen for the year ahead. I'm not going to say we're being conservative. It's not going to make a huge difference in the numbers. Therefore a little off given it's a relatively low percentage of our overall EBITDA. But things are reasonably good. Surprised a little bit to the upside, not so much so that we thought we should change our guidance at this point. Some of it driven by some particularly strong group bookings and some of the bigger hotels in China, but all good. It's nothing but good. And same thing on the development side. We shifted the strategy there appropriately a couple of years ago to more of the midscale side of things, and we're continuing when others are not to accelerate both signings and particularly accelerate openings. I think we'll probably open 20% more rooms this year than we did last and last year was I think the best year we've ever had in openings in China. So, China feels reasonably good.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I'll let Kevin maybe get into more specifics because he's more active day to day and working with our owners. But at a high level, I think it's been reasonably steady. I think most of our stuff if you use the U.S. because it's a big chunk of where the development is occurring, most of it is getting financed by local and regional banks where you have owner-operator, some big, some small, that are financing with generally a decent chunk of equity or recourse on the debt. It's the way they do the business, and the local and regional banks have continued to be pretty stable. The end of last year and very beginning of this year when all the world in my description froze up, you were starting to see little telltale signs certainly on Wall Street of less capital available. I would say in my opinion, it didn't really trickle through the main Street very much and now with the world being stabilized with a whole bunch of our owners that are building these things a few weeks ago and I asked them, you're seeing any difference in your ability. Then they said, no, maybe a teeny bit more expensive, a little bit more equity, but no real difference in sort of the mainstream kind of lending environment or nothing that they viewed as material, the best quality, developers are still able to get it and still able to finance our stuff. Kevin, I don't know [indiscernible].
Christopher J. Nassetta: All right, just want to say thank you everybody for spending so much time with us this morning. We continue to make great progress. You should be looking out in the not-too-distant future for our Form 10 to get more information on the spins and we look forward to catching up with you on the next quarterly call or before. Thanks.
