Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes. Great question. And I think I said a couple times, we remain very optimistic because I think we do, and I do, and that is really based on, I mean, look at the overall business and the biggest segments, transient strength that we saw in the first quarter, that we continue to see in the second quarter. And based on everything we see, sort of going on economically in our biggest markets, we think will continue and that's matched with significant upticks and what -- in the group's phases. I mentioned in my prepared comments, for the first quarter in a long time, we saw system-wide group revenues growing faster than transient. Not that transient was bad. Transient were quite good. It's just group is picking up steam, which gives us confidence. If you look at our big hotels in the second half of the year, they're up nearly 20% in terms of position on the group side so it gives us a great deal of confidence. Along with the fact that we are starting to see, in part because of where we are in the cycle, in part because of some real hard work that our sales force is doing, we're starting to see the benefits of the ancillary spend focus and increases there. So it feels like the business is really hitting on all cylinders and sort of playing out the way we had thought it would. And we great about what's going to play out the rest of the year. Obviously, we hope we will and think we will continue to outperform.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes. On the first -- let me be clear, because I know a lot people asked that question. We do not think we need any real care [ph] . We don't intend to build in any of our new brands, any of this, on our balance sheet. We have a terrific group of owners, 10,000 owner relationships around the world, that are dying to do more with us because I think they believe in the strength of our brands and the market share of our brands and we're driving great profitability for them. And so in the 2 brands that I will briefly describe that we're working, we do not intend to do any of the building on our -- on our balance sheet and we do think we will be able to grow these at a very nice clip. The 2 brands are -- first, the one that will probably come first, I'd describe as a brand that will be a 4-plus-star brand that will aggregate iconic urban and resort hotels that don't really fit in the box of the specified standards of any of our other brands. What we find is increasingly, some of our existing customers, as well as other customers that we want to attain, are interested in those types of locations and staying in these kind of unique iconic hotels, and we think we can better serve our customers by offering that type of product. It often offers us a great way to serve them better, but also grow the company at a faster pace because not only will it not require CapEx, but it is very conversion-friendly as a brand. The second brand, which we've talked a lot about, is Lifestyle. And we -- I think, by the way, the first brand is probably is to launch sometime in the summer. The Lifestyle brand, we're way down the road on probably more in the fall. We are currently working on deals by the way, in both brands. And Lifestyle brand, which we'll talk a lot more about in the next call or 2, and give you a great amount of detail, our approach there is a little bit different than some of our competitors. Most of the competition has sort of accessed lifestyle at a luxury price point; we believe that there's a much broader base of demand at the upper end of upper upscale. And so we sort of are coining the phrase, "accessible lifestyle" from a price point of view. And we think that being at that price point and a product and service delivery that matches with that is going to allow us to serve more customers better and build a brand that is much bigger than what we've seen others be able to do. It also, by the nature of what it is, will incorporate newbuilds, none of ours, on our balance sheet, but will be very conversion-friendly. So I think these are going to be able to incrementally add significantly to the growth of the company long-term as well as short-term. Neither will have a particularly meaningful impact on this year's net unit growth, just given the sequence of when they're being launched, might have a little bit of impact, but not significant impact. But we'll start to have some good impacts starting next year.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No. I mean, New York -- New York was impacted in the first quarter, and pretty soft, I'd say. It's really impacted by 3 things. One that a lot of people have talked about is supply. New York does have more supply than, frankly, any of the other major markets. But that was compounded, and I think what was more impactful was the year-over-year impact on the Superstorm Sandy business and then weather, of course, we're at the northeast corridor, but New York was particularly hard hit. So we think New York was softer we think in the first quarter than it will be for the remainder of the year. But it will probably, as a result of some of the supply issues, be a little bit softer overall than some of the other markets that are growing faster in the U.S. Long term, we think New York is going to be fantastic as it always is. The demand levels are growing and we think, over time, very easily absorb this new supply. And to get to the specific answer, we do not -- it doesn't -- I mean, we have factored that into all of our thinking in terms of our guidance. And we do not see a meaningful risk related to New York and the guidance we're giving you.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, I think you got it right. We essentially flow through the beat for the first quarter in the increase in our guidance. We were -- we beat the midpoint by about $53 million. We increased guidance, the midpoint, by $40 million. Plus or minus $13 million of that was sort of timing within the year. So we flow through the full amount of the beat that wasn't timing, which we feel comfortable with. And that implies, as you've suggested, that we maintain the rest of the year. We feel comfortable that frankly, there probably is a bit of conservatism built into that. We would certainly hope we would do better.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, it is -- it is -- let's not say there -- that there may be opportunities to rebrand parts of our portfolio, but I think that is -- that would be very modest. Both the brands are focused on new units that are not in the system. So again, there may be very small amounts of things that can move around over time. But the deals that we are working on, and we are working on a meaningful number of deals in both new brands, are new units outside of our system. Some newbuilds, particularly with Lifestyle, but a significant number of conversions.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes, it's a little bit of flow-through. Basically, margin's better all around, a little bit of revenue, a little bit of margin, little bit of time share.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Sure. On the first, I think it's simple. In the first quarter, we were a little less than 60% of our sales were in the asset-light. If you look at all of 2013, I think we're around 50%. So it ticked up in the first quarter. It will bounce around a little bit depending on what inventory's getting sold when. But if you just look at the trajectory, 80% of the existing inventory, which is roughly 5 years of inventory that we have is capital-light. So over time, that number should be growing. Naturally, as a result of most of our inventory -- the majority of our inventory being capital-light inventory. On the G&A side, thank you for your comment. Yes, we -- we're actually quite proud of the fact that we're very efficient in the G&A side of things. I think part of what even netting out for the comp stuff that you're seeing is there are some timing things going on in the first quarter that allowed it to be even better than what you might have been forecasting. Some of those things, obviously as the year plays out, will reverse themselves and occur in different quarters. Having said that, we, as I said, are very proud of the fact that we are very focused, very lean and mean in terms of our cost structure. We are not going to lose our cost discipline. As Kevin described, we said we'd have a 3% to 5% increase in G&A and other year-over-year. That's incorporating public company costs. Our objective would be to be in that same sort of range. Next year, they're even including the incremental step up in public company costs. So we do have, as you know being public, requires certain cost structures in the accounting and the legal and tax as well as having public company compensation, which in our case is flowing through and impacting is being taken out of our EBITDA. So when you factor for those things, we will have some increases, but we believe are very modest increases.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Big 8 RevPAR growth was 5.1%, I think, and revenue growth was, I think, a little bit better than that.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, we expected pretty -- I mean in fact, that outperformed what our expectation was. And the Big 8, because it's just 8 hotels. It ends up being largely a function of sort of when the groups are cycling through year-over-year and the comps of when we have big groups in the year before. So that was actually better than our expectations. The Big 8 are performing really well. They're going to have a great year. As I said, the Big 8, the group position for the second half of the year is up almost 20 -- it's 19-and-change, almost 20% up. So the second half of the year is going to be, from a RevPAR growth point of view, much stronger for the Big 8 than the first half of the year. Second quarter would be better but the second half, much, much better. And again that's just the function of individual hotels and the group business they had last year and groups they have on the books this year.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes, it's early, but the site lines we have feel pretty good. I mean the second half of the year is very good momentum, and I think very indicative of what's going on if I talk to our guys, which I do all the time. On the sales side, they feel very good about the momentum that's building in terms of pace and position into next year, and frankly, into '16. So I think good things are on the way.
Christopher J. Nassetta: You'd have to tell me or investors would have to tell me how they're valuing it. I don't -- I don't know the answer in terms of whether it's individually, people are valuing us very weak. We are very committed to the business. Marriott spun theirs, as you point out. Hyatt sold theirs this week. We really like the timeshare business for, I think, some really obvious reasons. Number one, it is a great business. It's our -- the customers in our timeshare business are our most loyal customers. In the hotel side of our business, the day after they buy a timeshare unit, they spend 40% more with us in the hotel business. We like taking the ability to take care of those customers that have become so loyal. We have a very focused strategy, as you know, which has driven great results even through the downturn in terms of growing revenue, growing margin, growing EBITDA. And on top of all of that, as we talked about answering Steve's question, we've been converting the model to be much like the hotel model, where now 80% of our inventory is for third parties, where the returns in the business are going up astronomically, as we depend not on our own balance sheet but on others' balance sheets. So the combination of these customers being so valuable, very good margins, very good growth and not demanding the kind of capital that it has with other companies or what we had been using historically, we are committed to the business. We think it's a great business. And ultimately, we think, as we continue to tell the story and we transform the business to being more and more capital-light, we certainly believe it -- and are hopeful and believe that the markets will reflect it in our value.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes. On the New York Hilton, it's a pretty straightforward project. So we certainly will be working with others as it relates to how we end up merchandising it and how we end up finding the right tenants to maximize the opportunity. But in terms of actually doing the construction and the like, it's pretty straightforward. And we think I mean, that our team can do it working in conjunction with some consultants. So we do not intend to have a partner with that. On the Waldorf, obviously, a great deal of interest in it. We understand why. And trust me, we spend a significant amount of time focused on the Waldorf, as I mentioned on the last call. We are deep into the weeds in figuring out the best way to maximize the value of the Waldorf. We think there is a huge amount of value there that is untapped. We are way down the path in figuring that out and figuring out the way to execute against it. We are not yet in a position -- and I'm not being coy, just being honest. We're not in a position to really articulate what that is because we're that's just not far enough down that path. I said on the last call, we -- it would be our objective to be able to lay that out in a great amount of detail by the end of the year, and I think we're on good path to be able to do that.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes, but I think Kevin's right. We would hope to be at the higher end of that guidance. But that's certainly from standpoint of how we're driving the business, and what we see in the first quarter...
Christopher J. Nassetta: And how we feel about where our RevPARs are going, we would like to be better -- at the better end of that.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes, that's a really good question and a topic we address a lot, both on calls and in meetings. I think we've been pretty consistent, so we'll try and remain consistent, which is we think in terms of the assets that we own, there is tremendous potential in those assets. We are, in our view, as described by sort of being mid-cycle and what's going on in the group and the east [ph] hotels are largely driven by that. We think there's tremendous operating upside in the bulk of these assets. We also, as we, I think, proven with Hawaii, and now New York Hilton, and we talked about what's coming in the Waldorf. And there are other things that we're working on. We think there's tremendous value to enhance the property. So we're very focused on that. To the extent, when we think about whether we should be more asset-light, whether we should hold these, again, we think there's, from a growth point of view, there are a lot of reasons have these assets and benefit from the growth. I said, I think, many, many times, having said that and all those opportunities, we're not in love with having to own real estate. We're in love and committed to creating shareholder value. But we're creating shareholder value as it relates to our assets, purely the big ones that really drive the value is about sort of the after-tax benefits to all of our shareholders. When we talk about the real estate and doing individual asset sales, at least on much of the major real estate, it doesn't make as much sense as potential is looking over time at the real estate as part of more of a structured transaction or a series of structured transactions. And then, it's a little bit different equation, obviously, than what the market is and PE [ph] firm's buying. It really becomes more an equation on where our relative valuations and multiples of OpCos and PropCos. And when we look at that today, we -- and we're happy to get any feedback, anybody who wants to give it. We look at that today, we don't see a meaningful arbitrage that says that OpCo -- that incents you on behalf of the whole shareholder base to want to do something because we don't think that there's a value play. If we thought there was one when and if there is, we won't be shy about it. But the idea of doing large-scale individual asset sales -- I'm not going to say we would do none. We are always exploring and there may be, on a very limited basis, an opportunity for some of that. But any kind of large scale meant the real estate really wants to be done in efficient sort of structured content context.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I'd say it's been relatively steady. I was, in fact, looking at the numbers a couple weeks ago with our development teams, because we were all together. We -- if you look at the deals we're doing by number that are in the pipeline, it's less than 5% of the overall deals that have any contribution from us. And when you look at it statistically, which is the best way to answer this, that has been pretty consistent over the last 3 or 4 years. So statistically, no. In terms of anecdotally when we around the table approving every deal we do, which we do, around this very table we're sitting at, no, it feels about the same. It's very rare that we are contributing. Obviously, 95-plus percent of the time, we are contributing no capital. And it feels about the same as it has.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yes, I mean, I can do it in -- at a high level summary. In New York, our existing supply is about consistent with what we have across the U.S., so we're not really over-indexed. We have 10.5%, 11% of the U.S. market and we're about 10% -- 10% to 11% of New York. In terms of EBITDA, it's roughly about, with the owned assets there really driving at about 8% of EBITDA. Hawaii is almost an identical, coincidentally identical story. We are, in Hawaii, about sort of at the market for what we have across the U.S., 10% to 11% in U.S. share, 10% to 11% of the Hawaiian market. And it also is about given we have 2 large assets, about 8% of the EBITDA. Affiliate D.C., we over-indexed in terms of what our level of supply is, so we are about 15%. If you look at D.C., and I'm giving D.C. sort of everything, Maryland, Virginia and D.C., sort of the broader radius around D.C. But it only is about 2.7% plus -- less than 3% of EBITDA. And that is obviously in part driven by we don't have any major real estate. It is predominately in D.C. fee -- management franchise fee business.
Christopher J. Nassetta: There are -- that's pretty unique. There's probably one other that is reasonably unique in that same city that we talked about earlier, not being coy. The Waldorf, while we have retail at the Waldorf, I would say to you, clearly one of the opportunities and I don't want to go -- obviously, we're not ready to display the whole thing. But clearly, I can say one of the opportunities in the Waldorf is not only to do the retail more intelligently but more of it. If you just take a gander and walk the full city block that we own on Park Avenue, and sort of take it in and think about retail. And I think you would very quickly conclude there are big retail opportunities there. So we -- as part of the overall Waldorf plan, are very, very focused on enhancing the whole retail platform.
Christopher J. Nassetta: It -- I think the story is very simple. And they may -- consumers may not want a lot of other products, but they want timeshare more than they did at the prior peak. So if you just look at our -- the best indication of that is where our sales are versus prior peak, and where it is versus our competition for that matter. But we see increasing velocity of demand in timeshare. The product really resonates with the customer. And thus, the strength of the results that you see. So it's certainly not seen any sort of waning appetite. To the contrary, increasing appetite for the product.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Well, thanks, everybody. We appreciate the time today. We're obviously quite pleased with the first quarter, and as we've said many times, both focused on the rest of the year and in the coming years, as well as very optimistic about what the rest of this year and the next few years are going to be like. So we look forward to catching up with everybody after our second quarter. Thanks, and have a great weekend.
Kevin J. Jacobs: The 10% to 12% is a wide range in fees, right? So we feel better about fees, but not quite better enough just yet to raise it to 11% to 13%.
Kevin J. Jacobs: And Bill, I think for the overall segment, it was 5.1% for the quarter. So the difference between the RevPAR and the revenue wasn't as extreme. And as you said, there were some FX in there and some non-comp stuff, particularly outside the U.S.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yes, it wasn't as much. But raising the royalty rates, we're on track. Every new deal we roll over, the new deals we rolled over in the first quarter were at a full point higher than they were before. The reason you're seeing -- the big reason you're seeing a difference between the 17% we showed in the -- we achieved in the first quarter and the full year is we had some non-comp affiliate fees that were higher in the first quarter that didn't exist, or that were lower in the first quarter of last year, and then we had some timing of some change of ownership fees that were expected in the second quarter, and the deals happened more quickly and they ended up in the first quarter. So the difference is just a little bit of non-comp fees and a little bit of timing, which gets you between -- bridges you between the 2.
