Kevin Jacobs: I think you covered most of it. I think overall embedded in that cash burn -- those cash burn guidance is obviously an assumption of pretty extensive mitigation on our gross controllable expenses outside of G&A. And I'd say on an overall basis, we think we can over the course of the year mitigate about 60% of the gross controllable expenses, but that's all embedded in the cash burn assumption. I think you actually said the third quarter was going to be the worst, but we think the second quarter ….
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, second quarter. I've already skipped the quarter. Yes, second quarter recovery to a degree. Yes.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, so here's what I would say, Carlo, and obviously a good question. Virtually all of the decline in our outlook for NUG for this year is due to delays related to COVID-19. Meaning, we do have in our guidance is always an embedded assumption for conversions. And I'll come back to that, I know that's part of your question. But the decline is really entirely related to delays because going into the year, even for a limited service hotel, if something is expected to open this year, it's going to be under construction this year, right? So, as of -- about a third of the hotels that we had under construction that we expected to open this year, went into some form of suspension over the last month or so as part of the crisis. About half of those that went under suspension are already back under construction, but they're going to be somewhat delayed, right, obviously, because they suspended. And about half of them, the other half we think will resume construction, largely every project we think will resume construction over the balance of year. There certainly will be onesies, twosies of things where a deal might not make sense. But generally, once the hotel starts construction, it opens, right? And so, what that means is almost all of it will push into next year.  So as a result, we think that whatever this year ends up being will be the bottom and that will climb back from there. And yes, on a run rate basis, once we get back to normal, we're more than comfortable with a mid single-digit NUG growth rate. And we think that conversions, there will be some period of time where, obviously at the moment -- although we are working on some conversions as we speak, we're working on a bunch of them actually, but at the moment transaction activity is relatively limited. But in general, we think the crisis will probably create more opportunities than it hurts. And so, hopefully that covers.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, sure. Obviously, it's a question that's on a lot of people's minds. So, it's a good one. I think to take a step back if you think about, there's really three buckets of receivables that we have, right? In hotels that we manage which is a minority of the system, right, roughly 70% of the system is franchised. But in hotels that we manage, the owners are responsible for the working capital and all the obligations and some of those ultimately are paid by us and then reimbursed by owners. So there's an opportunity there. Then you have license fees and then system charges as Chris mentioned in his buildup. So those are the three primary buckets.  What I would say in terms of sizing it, first of all, it's really early, right? So if you think about the crisis really starting in March, you don't even build these things until the following month and then you give people 30 days to pay. And so, we're sort of just getting into it. So anything we would say there would be speculative. But that said, embedded -- I think it's probably obvious, but we're saying embedded in the discussion that we've given you both publicly and in some of Chris' commentary earlier is, a working capital of drag, whereas we've said if things stay the way they are, meaning circa 90% down in revenue and in this environment, we have at least 24 months of liquidity and you've got our cash balance. And so, you can sort of just do the math and realize that if things stay the way they are, there is an embedded cash drag in there that could be in the hundreds of millions of dollars ultimately. And so -- but of course, it depends on duration of the cycle, how it plays out? And ultimately, we believe as Chris just got done explaining that, the business is healthy. It's going to come back and when it comes back, we think we're going to get paid.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. That's a good question, Anthony. And the reality is, we don't really know. But what I think is that, generally when you come out of these crises, lenders get appropriately more cautious. Although I would say that, even pre-COVID, we were pretty deep into an economic cycle. And so, you were starting to see caution. That said, over the long-term, I would say, for construction, most of the hotels that get built in our system are not actually even financed aggressively. When you're talking about like big full service hotels and luxury hotels, sometimes they use more leverage, but the lion's share of the hotels that get built in our system are not actually financed all that aggressively. You're talking about like 50% loan to cost. And I would say, personally I think that when the business recovers, the lending community will be there and as long as hotels are productive and profitable investments that they'll be able to be financed. And then I think the last thing I'd add is, you have to remember the amount of liquidity that is in the system. Pre-COVID you're talking about like tripling plus of the money supply from quantitative easing and then even more capital being injected into systems globally. There's going to be plenty of capital looking for productive yields. And I would say, for some period of time it will be a distressed environment and then as it always does, it will recover back to normal.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, so on the working capital, Stephen, I would say, look the assumptions that we gave publicly which again just to make sure everything -- everyone's clear as part of the bond deal, we said 18 to 24 months, that was pre-money for the bond deal and we ended up upsizing that deal. So, that's sort of how you get to the longer end of that range. I would say that. Again when the crisis is new, things are a little sharper. So, I would -- the way I'd characterize it is, the first month, second quarter of this year probably would be the worst on that front and then it would moderate from there. But again, the assumption....
Kevin Jacobs: And from that perspective, again, I said it would be a little bit harsher at the beginning and then it would be relatively flat again in that under those assumptions, with any kind of recovery curve, it gets better from there.
Kevin Jacobs: Lower, for sure. Lower. I mean just because all the things that we're working on, I can't tell you how much lower, because I don't have the answer yet. But clearly, I mean, there are a few things Bill as you might guess that, that are going to cost a little bit more like our CleanStay standard working with Lysol and Mayo. Yes, Lysol products may be a little more expensive than some of the products, that's relatively insignificant. Other things that we're thinking about in terms of garnering efficiencies vastly outweigh that. So I think when we wake up on a stabilized basis, operating costs are going to go down.
Chris Nassetta: Well, there are going to be a lot of similarities, Carlo, and then some differences as you might guess. I mean, I think that the economic fallout we'll see -- I mean, I think the economic fallout here is likely to be greater. And then you put on top of that a mobility issue and a health and hygiene issue, which is people not wanting to for a period of time until maybe there's a vaccine or therapeutics or we get past this, not wanting to congregate in large groups. So, I think being pragmatic about it, and just straight forward about it, I think Group always is the last to recover. In the 30 whatever years I've been doing this and going through these ups and downs, Group is the last recovers for no other reason that it's longer lead business, right? So, it's sort of logical. I think here it will be a little longer than normal because of those factors. I think the economic impact is going to be greater than most of what we've seen in my time, and we have to get -- people are going to have to sort of not only just come out of their foxholes, but ultimately get comfortable congregating again. All of that I think will happen. By the way, I think the business, when you get two or three years out, will look a lot more like it did 90 days ago than it looks right now. I think it will look very, very similar to it. But I think, it's going to take time and progression. It's going to depend on what happens with reopening. It's going to depend on what happens with how we fight COVID-19. It's going to depend on things that are unknowns today, which is where we end up with vaccines and therapeutics. I'm super optimistic based on the people I'm talking to about those things. But I'm not a health expert and I'm not in the pharma business and I don't know. But those things are all sort of variables that it is just too early to judge.  So, I think, the simple answer would be -- I think, what would the contours of this recovery, like prior recoveries to a degree, with a little bit of nuance will be leisure transient first, business transient second, and group third. I think they're all going to be a little bit different in contours than prior cycles for obvious reasons of the impact of COVID-19 being different in terms of the impact that it has on people and business. But I think that, that is the progression. And while you didn't ask it, I'll say it, I do think as we get in – correcting -- thank you for correcting me, Kevin, I do think Q2 is going to be very bad because we know that. I do think you will start as we get reopening around the world and America is moving again, if the government and the state -- federal government and state governments are responsible, I've been on the council for reopening and so I think there's a sensible dialogue going on there. You will start to see a recovery in as you get into Q3 in my opinion in Q4, I think that the initial stages of that just given how very low Q2 is, will look like a pretty decent snapback but trying to -- but I don't want to be pollyannaish. Getting back to sort of the levels of occupancy, like for us that were in the low to -- low mid 70s in 2019, which were all time highs, that's going to take time. I think you will see the down, you'll see a bit of a snapback as you get mobility off of a very low levels and then I think you're going to sort of slowly recover, as people get more comfort and businesses start to get back in business, start to think about hiring and investing and all those kind of things. And that, as I said in my prepared comments that's going to take two or three years to get back in my opinion to those levels and that's the -- my honest view. The truth is, this thing is moving really fast. So -- and there are a lot of unknowns, as I just said. So, that's my view, based on what I see and I've seen a lot and talked to a lot of people, but time will tell, which is exactly why we haven't given guidance because it's just too early to know. But everybody on this call knows I'm a born optimist, and that will never change. So, I feel spectacularly good about the long-term for the industry. I feel spectacularly good about our model and the long-term opportunities for Hilton and we just sort of have to go through a period of time to rebuild and get back on our feet as an industry and a company to get back to where we were.
Chris Nassetta: I mean, it's anybody's guess. I mean, certainly I've done more WebEx meetings and Zoom than I ever want to do in my life. I don't know about all of you. Maybe it's [indiscernible] -- I'm tired of it. The last thing I'm going to want to do when I get done with this is do another video conference and I'm by the way hearing that from a lot of people. So, the honest answer is, I don't know. I would say, on the margin, yes, there's going to be certain trip occasions where maybe because people have become more accustomed to this out of necessity to sort of be able to function that they'll think, well, I can do that. I don't have to do a trip. But I think much like the debates that I've been part of for the last 20 or 30 years is has evolved, I think it is an unstoppable force that people want to travel and see each other and meet to, to build relationships, whether that is personal or related to business. I don't think that will change. I don't think globalization is going to stop. I don't think the need for people to travel the world is going to stop. And I am highly confident we can all wake up in two or three years -- and you can tell me I was right or wrong, but I am highly confident and as I said, when you wake up at two or three years, the world's going to -- it's hard to see it now, the world is going to look awful a lot like it did 90 days ago in terms of customer behavior and demand patterns, and alike. There will be some differences. As I said, maybe on the margin, there's some business transient where people do it, but I think they're going to want to see people. They're going to be other things that happened, that changed, but it's going to be things I think that were sort of forming where it will accelerate other things, like our digital key, digital check-in which we've had great adoption. I think we'll have massive adoption. Connected room, where you get in a room, you don't have to mess with the remote control or touch switches. I think people will sort of adopt those things.  So, I think, the digital world was already very important to us. I think it's going to get more important because some of those trends are going to be accelerated. But I do not -- I wake up at night, thinking about a lot of things these days. I do sleep, but I get up awfully early as I told Kevin. But I do not worry that people are not going to want to see each other, meet with each other and ultimately congregate. I think that is the human condition, and I think there is an argument that on the margin I described, it could take some trip occasions. There's also, I think an even better argument that people are going to want to see people more than ever. They just need to feel safe, right? And I think when they feel safe, they will go back largely to their own patterns and behaviors. Looking at the great -- looking at prior activities, I think 9/11 is probably the most instructive, while it's not the same, because none of this is unprecedented as we keep saying, there's some lessons that were learned there. Like, basically everybody said, well, after 9/11, nobody traveled, they did. Video conferencing wasn't as good, but they figured out other ways to do things, because they were afraid to get on planes and travel and go out. You're fast forward, two or three years, we had figured out how to manage the world and figured out how to not get rid of terrorism but manage it. And people went back largely to their prior behaviors with it. It did accelerate a few things that were not, frankly I would argue, harmful that were probably helpful. I think, the same thing is going to happen here. I think as we get through this and we realize that COVID-19 and these types of viruses are a part of our future, they have been, we have dealt with the seasonal flu. There was a time where dealing with the seasonal flu felt like this. That we will figure out as a global community how to deal with this. We will hopefully have a vaccine. Time will tell. We will certainly have more therapeutics. We will certainly have better practices and procedures to make sure that we protect the very small part of the global population that is really, truly most impacted by this. And I think as people then start to feel like this is a safe environment, they are going to go back largely to their old behaviors, I would bet a lot of money on it. And that's what history would tell you.
Chris Nassetta: I would say I have been talking to a lot of my peers, but looking at the data, to be honest, I thought at least in the last couple weeks, and in these days it's like every week makes a difference. But based on the conversations I have had over the last couple -- over the last month or two and then just looking at the data, I think while we're not in some -- let's be clear we're not showing robust recovery trends right now, I said we are like teeny type in China we are, but the rest of the world, it's like teeny tiny step forward. I think the airlines are way behind. And if you just look at the passenger mile data, how many enplanements, they're just way behind and here's the thing. That's because people are real -- those that are willing to travel are only willing to go so far from home. So, as I think about our team, you didn't ask, but I'll answer because we're spending an immense amount of time on recovery. I spent -- I had all 500 of our commercial leaders around the world on a Zoom call yesterday and talking about how we're retooling our approach to go to market over the next 6, 12, whatever it takes, 18 months, and that is going to be really much more about local business and a lot more in the beginning about drive to business, right?  So, if you if you think about it, I mean, sort of the natural human reaction is like I'm going -- I want to move, I want to get out, I'm starting to feel safe, I'm going to get out of my house, I'm going to go to my neighborhood, maybe I'll sort of move around the region, maybe I'll go to the region next door, eventually I'm going across the country, I'm going to get on a plane go around the world, but I think it's in that progression. So, if you think about it that way, while we've seen a little bit of pickup, I would argue, almost all of it has been in drive-to. And we -- thankfully, we have a big portfolio, a lot of brands, we have a lot of drive, we have in the world 2,600 or 2,700 Hampton Inns. And we have thousands, I think limited service hotels in the U.S., we have almost 4.000 of them and they are very well set up for that sort of local street corner type business and drive-to business.  So, I think there's a little bit of a disconnect, and there will be for a period of time where I think we will likely show I think recovery at a faster pace because we can accommodate types of demand that don't require travel. Ultimately, we need airlines. We need people to get on planes to get to the nirvana, which is back to more normal patterns of demand. Obviously, that has to happen. But in the short-term, I think it's going to be a little bit more local or little a bit more drive-to and in our industry, if you can accommodate that business it’s going to be ahead of you. 
Chris Nassetta: It's a really good question. I think in the short-term, as we've been talking to customers and serving customers, everybody gets what's going on in the world. So, they're incredibly lenient. And so, we have not serving sadly, that many customers but those that we are -- who are mostly on the frontlines of recovery efforts have been fine with all of the standard changes in suspension of certain elements of the service. The work that I described that we're doing is sort of in the intermediate and long-term in making sure that we; one, create the most efficient operating model; and two, obviously, continue as implied to your question to drive premium market share. I mean, we're not -- we continue to have the premium market share in the industry, we have no plans to give that up. The trick is, as we transition from the intermediate to the longer term, what are the things that you basically put back into the standards and what do you take -- what do you leave out and/or change. And that's sort of I can't give you the answer and not because I don't want to, I don't have it yet. I mean, that's the work that we are doing right now. I suspect that what we will do is test a whole bunch of different things. I know we will, as well others during the intermediate timeframe when customers are very forgiving, and what we're going to do is iterate, with the objective of making sure that we are delivering premium product and service always to get our market share premium, but we want to drive efficiency. So, short-term is easy, intermediate term, I think will be a significant opportunity for testing when you're still in a relatively low demand environment where customers are still quite sort of accepting of things that are different. And then I think what we learn in that intermediate timeframe, we will sort of institute as our longer range standards and we're working through all of that.  I think there'll be a whole bunch of things that we'll do that'll be more efficient long-term, and they're going to be some that we're going to have some standards that we are going to -- that our customers are going to want in a more normalized environment and we're going to reinstitute. 
Chris Nassetta: Yes. We have done a bunch of things if you look at it I'd say. First of all, not that we have a lot of business, but our Honors occupancy with the modest business we have has skyrocketed. So, it was already very high and now it's a lot higher because seemingly they are more willing to travel than I guess non-Honors members. But, what we've been focused on during this timeframe and you can see it in a lot of the things I talked about and that you would see publicly is, people aren't traveling that much. So, what can we do to build loyalty? We can give them flexibility, so we -- in the industry, we were the first ones, I believe. Certainly we were very early to come out and give very significant cancellation flexibility. We were definitely the first to come out and give status, allow people to remain -- keep their status. We were definitely the first to come out and say, we weren't going to -- we are not going to have points expire. We did a bunch of things to say to our Honors members, no fault of your own, you can't travel and we're not going to hold that against you. We've been communicating with them regularly. And so far, I'd say that's going well. The work that we're doing in the community, we're doing that because we want to be part of the solution, not part of the problem. So, our 1 million room nights with AMEX to first responders for free, our World Central Kitchen work, all of the other work that we're doing is about sort of continuing to build our brand, the Honors brand with consumers who are sitting around and can't move but are watching a lot of TV and reading a lot, doing a lot of social media and they're seeing these things. The net result is, in terms of our numbers, our marketing team has been looking at it, like intent to consider purchase of our product, Net Promoter Score, whatever, those numbers have gone way up through the crisis. As a result, people realizing, we're doing the right things. And so, my attitude, which is the way I think about life, when you go into this, just like the way I thought about it when we went into the great recession, which was different. But similar is, when everything is good, it's really hard to differentiate yourself. I mean, I think we have -- I think we've done a great job, but you get caught up in an arms race. When everything is bad, people peel off and go different directions and you have a real opportunity to differentiate yourself. And so, what I said from the day we got in this crisis is, as much as we need to solidify the core and deal with liquidity with Kevin and the team have done an amazing job on and protects -- and deal with the cost structure and all the things, we have been crazy focused on making sure we are listening to customers, particularly Honors members and doing the right thing for them, that we are crazy focused on our owners, as I've already talked a lot about to do everything we can for them, that we're crazy involved in our communities so that people remember that, because we’re part of the solution because that will continue to build loyalty. And obviously as impactful as it has been to our team members that as we're impacting them, we're doing it in the right way, in a way that is really taking care of them as best we can. And so, my attitude is, well, this is all painful, there's no other way to describe it. What we do now, will determine our future, and we are absolutely committed as a team and a company to continue to differentiate ourselves with all of our stakeholders and to come out the other side of this stronger, including with our Honors members. And so far, we’re I think doing a very good job doing that.
Chris Nassetta: Well, to a degree yes, but let me let me reframe it a little bit. What I was saying which is right. To get back to full recovery, I think the airlines are a gating issue. People have to be comfortable to get on planes, planes have to be flying, there's a bunch of the business particularly in the big -- in the major markets that are -- that is flied to. And so to get to full recovery you have to have that. I absolutely believe you can get a significant amount of recovery before you get there. I think, Bill I wish I had all the answers. I think it's wrapped up in a whole bunch of different things that relate to what's going on with vaccines, therapeutics, human nature and just the comfort factor. My own belief is as you continue to get more testing, which is what I've been reinforcing with the White House and everybody that will listen and including antibody testing, that you are going to understand that because the data is pretty clear that while this is a terrible virus and it's affecting people's lives and it's killing people, which is horrific and every life is important, when you get down to it, it has infected a lot more people that we know and the mortality rate is much, much lower than people have thought and the real data suggests there's a very small part of the population that is really at risk.  I think the more of the testing data that comes out even without a vaccine or a therapeutic, the more people are going -- particularly those that are not at risk, the more comfort that they are going to have. With a vaccine and/or therapeutics, I think it's game changing. And so, I'm not trying to be evasive. I just think it's going to be iterative. I think you're going to have drive-to business, you're going to have some fly-to business, people are going to socially space, wear a mask and all that, and there will be people that go out. The more they understand the real mortality rate, the more therapeutics and/or vaccine progress we have. I think if will, as I said two or three different times, I think when you wake up in a couple of years, it'll feel a lot more like it did 90 days ago than it does now and the past depends on a whole bunch of variables that are not particularly well known. But I think that it will progress, we will recover first with more drive-to, some fly-to and that will happen. I mean, people are -- you're going to -- this summer, you start looking at the airline numbers and you're going to see a big shift, up. It's not going to be anywhere near where it was, but in my opinion, this summer, you will see a heck of a lot more people getting on planes and in airports than you see right now. So, I think it's just going to be a progression. 
Chris Nassetta: Yes. I think, listen, it's a good point Robin. And certainly that is generally how it worked last time, although not really. I mean, I think the first year after the great financial crisis was the low point and then it sort of started building from there. There was another year in 2012 where we were sort of stayed low/went down a touch because of what you're describing. The difference this time is, it's delayed, right? I mean it's a different crisis and you've just got construction that's being suspended. Things are going to take longer and it's going to push. And then the other thing is you've had -- this is coming at the end of the cycle. So, you just had -- you've had a bunch of deliveries and their existing hotels and there's going to be a little bit less demand for a while and we think more demand for our engine. So, we do think we'll drive a higher level of conversions going forward. And thus, we think a growing trajectory from here. We'll see what happens, but that's what we think.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, a really good question. And I'd say a little bit early given where we are to have sort of be dispositive about it. But I don't think long-term we have a -- in the short-term we're not going to be doing dividends and buybacks. We've made that pretty clear. As we get back to recovery and more normalized environment, I don't think our capital allocation strategy has really changed. One might argue even though I think from a liquidity point of view, we find ourselves in a really good position and we did the right things not just post-crisis, but pre-crisis in terms of having credit available, maturity schedule that was very attractive, those weren't lucky. I mean we knew we were at the end of a business cycle, and those are things that we planned out to make sure that we had all the financial flexibility we would need now we know we would have COVID-19, of course not. But we knew we're at the end of the business cycle, and we wanted to have being really set up well for it, and so we are. And so I'd say the this should hopefully be the greatest test of all time for a balance sheet. It's hard to believe another one can be worse given what's happened and I think we feel like we're in a really good position to sort of pass that test and have the liquidity and the credit profile to get through it.  So, I don't think when we get back to a normalized environment, we have a too much of a different view. What I can say is you could argue about would you be a little bit lower leverage than you might have been? I'm sure we will debate that and this isn't the time to conclude that. But more broadly, we will definitely resume at some point when we get to a normalized environment. I believe our intention would be to resume sort of where we left off in terms of our capital allocation strategy. 
Chris Nassetta: Okay. I think that's it. Well, it's an interesting call and interesting times. We appreciate everybody's time. I know, we've been talking with lots of people sort of as this has been going on obviously, happy to continue doing that as we work our way through this. As we sad in our comments second quarter will not be pretty, but hopefully third quarter and fourth will be back on the road to recovery. So, everybody stay safe, stay well and we're going to keep working awfully hard to do the right things here and we'll look forward to catching up with you and updating you on where we are after the second quarter. 
