Chris Nassetta: Yeah. Based on what I read in the press this morning, I figured somebody would ask me. Bill, thank you for being the one to do it and being first. For obvious reasons, I’m not going to come on anything specifically that we might or might not be doing. But in terms of broader thoughts on industry consolidation and our participation and I’m happy to talk about it. And I think you will find it is very consistent with everything I’ve said a thousand times over the last couple of years. In terms of broader industry consolidation, I think when you get to this stage of the cycle, you typically see more of it generally. And so I've every expectation that over the next 12, 24 months, you’re going to see more of it. And it will follow a typical pattern exactly who does what is impossible to know. We all have views. I have views of who could do, could do -- be part of consolidating on and on what side but time will tell. But I do think, you'll see an uptick and what exactly our competitor that made that announcement this morning does is really hard to know. I thought it was interesting, honestly, not particularly surprising when I read it. In terms of how we might participate in it, I think again consistent with what I’ve said, the way I look at the world is we’re in a really good place. You could see our first quarter results are really good in every regard. In my opinion, topline margins, bottom line, new unit growth, our expectations for the year are quite strong. We had a great year last year. We think we have everything we need to lead the industry in our regards, topline, bottomline and unit growth. And I think we’re doing a pretty good job of proving that in terms of the results that we’re delivering since we’ve been public. And our objective obviously is to continue to do it and I think we will. I think we have amazing opportunities with the brands that we have in our portfolio today and the opportunities we have to add to that portfolio brands to drive industry-leading organic net unit growth, which in my opinion is the best way to drive the highest value for all of our shareholders going forward. Having said that and consistent with everything I've ever said as a CEO, it would be silly to say we would never participate in M&A activity because you never know what opportunities might present themselves that could make a tremendous amount of sense. And so I think we always want to remain open-minded. We think we have everything we need to deliver -- to continue to deliver industry-leading results. But if there are opportunities over time that presented themselves that made it through the following two filters, we would have to be thoughtful about it and those two filters are the obvious ones. One, that whatever it is, is a thoughtful strategic fit in terms of, the meshing of whatever it might be with what we have and that the economic drivers are such that you could see significant value accretion as a result of whatever it might be. And so if there are things that present themselves that they get to those big filters then obviously we’re going to be thoughtful about it. There is a lot of complexity to any of those things that might happen over time but we would be thoughtful. But our primary job was I think were proving out is to grind it out and really drive industry-leading results with what we have. And I think we have a -- we have an amazing set up between the scale of what we have, the breadth and diversity of our geography, the breadth and diversity of our brands in terms of chain scale that give us a really unique advantage to be able to continue to grow at an accelerating pace.
Chris Nassetta: I said it in my prepared comments and we are being thoughtful about making sure we give time for other questions. I think we feel good about what’s going on in RevPAR growth. I think the best way to look at RevPAR growth is quarter-to-quarter or one year versus the next, verses last quarter because every quarter as you know in our business cycles through different group patterns and other things. When I look at it, I made the comment in my prepared comments for a reason because I’m trying to make the point that what we're seeing is acceleration. On a comp basis, our first quarter this year picked up over our first quarter of last year, not insignificantly, particularly when factoring for somewhat worse weather patterns in ’15 and ’14. So, all I’m going to say is from a cycle point of view, I think the fundamentals are as good as I've ever seen them. I know that everybody wants to debate it and I think that's fair because that is a really important point to understand. But from where I sit, having being doing this for 30 years in lots and lots of cycle, it's hard not to feel exceptionally good about what's going on in the sense that transient business is good and continues to stay good, if not get a little bit better. Group is rebounding exactly the way that we would think with the ancillary spend coming along with it, the patterns looking forward, feel very good. And supply is still at historically low levels and everything that you see going into the next two or three years suggests it’s going to be significantly below 30-year averages. So, I'm going to just say, we feel really good about where we are in the cycle. We feel really good about RevPAR growth and where it is and where it is going.
Chris Nassetta: You are welcome. I suspect that may not be the last time I beat the horse, so I will get my whip out.
Chris Nassetta: That’s an interesting question. I mean, you could probably answer it better than I could in the sense that while I talk to my peers, my guess is you are talking more directly about this topic than I am to my peers. But Carlo, interesting and good question. I’d say so no. I do not -- I can't think of a conversation, I mean, they always decrease but I'd say that there is not really anybody that I'm talking to that’s in the industry that is viewing the cycle a whole heck of a lot differently than what I described. I know that I’ve kidded people about this. Everybody wants to do it, particularly when it’s baseball season and what inning are you in and people might have different views within an inning that I've sort of gotten out of the business of talking about what inning we are in because I don't think it matters. I think what matters is what's in front of us, not what's behind us. And I in my prior response gave my views of that, which is I think what's in front of us is for as long as I think you could sort of try and be intelligent about it, which is the next two or three years, I think you’ve got an amazing set up. There are certainly things that could disrupt it. There are things that happened in the world that could cause reductions and demand and the like. But I’m saying all things being equal in the environment we are in from a macro point of view matched with what's going on the supply side. It is really hard for me and I think others that certainly I'm talking to, to have a view that’s different than that. I mean, they are just -- it is hard as I look. There is nothing in our business. There's no pattern. There is no metric. There's nothing that suggest there's a problem. That's very rare. I've heard those words come out of my mouth. I think I've been a real straight shooter for the time I’ve been in the industry. But it is good and until something really major changes, which I don't see on the horizons for what I can see, it’s going to stay good.
Chris Nassetta: All right. There is a lot in that. So I'd say in short form, obviously there are competitive brands being launched. You guys are aware of them, reading about them. And thus, the question, I gave some of the stats in my prepared comments. It’s a competitive world, but I'd say we are faring very well. If you look at what's going on with Curio, five open, 11 in the pipeline, 23 under letter of intent, we have over 11,000 rooms already sort of teed up and ready to go. And I'm not saying that we don't have some competition occasionally, but we don't have I would say really stiff competition on the specific deals that we’re working on. We are not seeing any sort of pattern of having to buy the business in the form of key money or other things. And I think, Steve, I mean, it’ self-serving to say, but it happens to be in my humble opinion true. We have a unique competitive advantage. We have the Hyatt’s average market share in our -- of any of the players with our system producing an average market share of over 115%. If you look at Curio, you look at any new brand launch, what owners are trying to do is make a decision to put their money with whoever they think is going to drive the best economic result with the highest average market share and with the great scale and diversification geographically and chain skills that creates this loyalty effect which I talked a lot about, which is what’s helping drive that market share. I think owners are looking at that saying I want to be part of that because it’s going to help me drive more revenue and profitability into my hotel. So I think you can play with key money, you can invest. But when you have that advantage which we are not just planning to maintain but enhance in terms of growing market share, it gives you a unique competitive advantage in my opinion. Thus, I think the success that we are seeing in Curio and Canopy and I can assure you with the new brand that I mentioned that we are working on launching, we have tons and tons of interest from our existing particularly because that will be almost entirely a franchise brand from your existing franchise ownership community. For the very same reasons these are the same people that have built tons and tons of Hampton Inns that has an average market share of a 124%, 125% and they know we have the skills to replicate that in a system to drive the results. So I think there is something different about us in my humble opinion, which is the system is unbelievably powerful which allows us to get these brands up and running faster and deliver better commercial results for owners get better economic turns for us and do it with little or no capital. Okay. That’s our story. That’s our strategy. It’s as simple as that. In terms of conversions, we have great conversion activity in the first quarter, probably little higher than the full year. If you look at the last, I would say three years on average, it’s been about a third of our growth bounces up and down a little bit. It’s a little bit higher than that in the first quarter. I think for the full year it’s probably about a third. That’s what we see and it will, if you look at where it’s coming from, I mean the brands, it’s largely DoubleTree and Curio. That’s where we will see the conversion activity. Curio obviously was part of that strategy. DoubleTree, many years ago, six years ago as we rein -- sort of reenvision DoubleTree and transform that it was all about being a great conversion brand and we’ve had amazing success, far more conversions and far more rooms converted than any other of our competitors. And it’s coming from a host of places. If we look at DoubleTree, it’s coming from some of our competitor brands, a little bit of independent. If you look at Curio, a little bit of competitor brands but largely coming from independent hotels.
Chris Nassetta: On the first one, I am not going to comment and what we’ve looked at and what we haven’t looked at. I mean I think the broader thing Harry ,you can assume that we are living, breathing, sensing human beings that sort of are aware what’s going on in the market. And as a result, if nothing else, our intellectual curiosity takes us all over the place. So yes, we have been doing this long time. We are always noodling everything as we would hope we would. It doesn’t mean we do everything obviously. We are very thoughtful on that. But we are always sort of noodling about everything. In terms of BX, I think you need to ask BX. BX is a separate entity. They happen to own at the moment the majority of the company. But what they do with their independent separate funds that are is really their business.
Chris Nassetta: Really good question and interesting. And I think the answer is both sort of broadly talking are sales teams but also more specifically because I am constantly talking to some of our larger customers in various settings. I don’t know, not only do I not get a sense of them cutting back, I get a sense of them increasing volumes and being more willing to pay higher rates and knowing in a sense that they have to pay higher rates given what’s going on both in the broader economy as well as in the industry.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. Another great question. It’s interesting when we look at all the data, intellectually given the strength of the dollar you have to believe that it’s impacting business at least somewhat. As we in the beginning of the year talked to our GMs in the big markets, they were not really indicating any material shift other than maybe in New York where you have a little bit heavier component where I think they were filling it a little bit. So anecdotally, I would say people didn’t think there is much. When you get the hard data at the end of the quarter which we now have, actually ironically international business was up in the quarter by a little less -- by better half a point. So not meaningfully but it was up. So what’s really been going on, New York down, but across the U.S. recognizing for background that it’s only 5% of our business across the U.S. to begin with, but that the world is a big place, I don’t have to tell you and there places where it’s more impacted than other places. So what we saw in the first quarter and I expect to continue is that business out of Europe, a little out of Canada, but mostly out of Europe was declining particularly at a Germany and France. Ironically don’t know exactly why to be honest, Spain was up. But what was up in a meaningful way was China, because a number of us that worked really hard in the industry to work with the U.S. government and the Chinese government to make it easier and more efficient to get visas and that is having a dramatic positive impact on what has been the largest outbound customer base, which is now China in the world. So those are sort of offsetting. I think as we get into the summer months, I think you get another dynamic which is I do believe with the strengthening dollar, you will continue to see some impact of European business coming in U.S., meaning it will be weaker. I think China business is going to continue to be strong. I think U.S. business in the US for the drive-through market given cheap gas prices is going to be better. And I think Europe is a bit on sale not an insignificant 9% or 10% of our business, I do believe and we are starting to see the early patterns of summer bookings. They are reflective of the fact that a lot of people are going to go to the Europe that might not have otherwise gone and that’s going to give us a boost there. The net result of all that is we are not -- we did not change our view on RevPAR growth and the simple reason is we don’t we think that with all the puts and takes they sort of flush out.
Chris Nassetta: Thank you. I’ve nothing more I can say on it, but I can try in other way to say. Go ahead. Sorry, David.
Chris Nassetta: Yeah. I -- we've been, I think, pretty consistent. I know very consistent on the point, which we had an opportunity in the Waldorf. We said that we may have others. Obviously, Sydney is one of those others. They maybe other asset sales I would say, that would be quite modest that we could pursue nothing around that corner. The bulk of the remaining real estate, certainly from of value point of view, David, really because of the tax attributes if and when we wanted to do something would really need to be done more on a structured transaction then kind of an asset monetization of the type we've been doing.
Chris Nassetta: You know, I don't. For the first quarter was obviously negative for us. The market was down in the 6s. Now that’s probably exacerbated by a lot of work going on at our largest hotel. We had a big renovation of rooms plus the retail space going on at the New York Hilton. So its comp, but -- its driving part of it, but it was down in the first quarter, as I think most sort of the industry stats are. For the full year, Joe, we think it's actually going to flip around. We don't think it's going to be leading the charge in terms of growth in U.S. But we’re in the low to mid-single digits, 3% to 5% growth is what we would forecast for the New York market overall. Early reads on April sort of feel pretty good, feels like after the first quarter with weather, with Super Bowl overlap with renovation disruption that we had all of those things sort of hurt the first quarter. When we’re get into April we look at the booking pace for May and June, supports what I'm saying. So, I think, we push really hard and dug really deep into these forecast and we’re pretty confident we’re going to show positive growth for the market.
Chris Nassetta: Yeah. I think they're balancing around the similar plate. They're both -- they thing about the last couple quarters, I don't have the numbers all on my head, but I think, this year we think they’re going to both be in the 6 to 7 range and one might be a little higher or lower, depending on the quarter, because as we all know Group sort of cycle differently in the quarters depending on the big groups in the big hotels. But we feel like it’s going to -- they’re both going to be in that range, which is why I sort to say, I’ve never felt -- I've never seen it feel better when you got sort of all the cylinders hitting at same time.
Chris Nassetta: No. I think -- maybe I’ll take the last first. I think the reason you're seeing the more of the development getting done there is that the economic model works there. I mean, so I think that the end market is sort of efficient. People are able to drive better results, higher margins and as a result can raise the capital to do it. So I don’t think it’s a problematic data but I think it's -- I mean, you stated the fact. You're seeing the highest RevPAR growth in that segment and supply is higher in that segment, not crazy high but of the segment it’s higher. I think its cause and effect. I mean, it’s just the economic model is driving that. We don't see that there is a mounting problem performance continues to be very good, even as supply is coming because it’s just healthier. There's more demand and the money is following that demand. In terms of convergence I do -- we saw a little bit of the convergence I talked about in the first quarter. If we look at the focused service versus everything else and we still think for the full year, both those broad categories are going to perform well. And we do think that they're going to continue to converge.
Chris Nassetta: On the second part of the question, it goes without saying, we’re very happy with the result in timeshare that Kevin just described. We’re very happy with the transformation in the progress we’re making towards making it a very high percentage of capital light business. Our customers love it. The results are good. We’re changing the return profile of the business to be much like the hotel business. So it's good on all fronts but I will say, very simplistically as you would hope, we’re always looking at ways to maximize the long-term value of the company. As part of that we’re looking at all the options on all segments of the business, including timeshare and trying to be thoughtful about not withstanding how successful it is. Is there another format that we should be considering structurally that might create even greater value for the shareholder base. So we made some good progress and thinking about that both from a technical and structural point of view, not any conclusion by a long stretch. So if and when we get to a point where we have some judgments on that, we’ll obviously get back with you and let you know. But we wanted to be very open-minded and we will always remain focused on maximizing value. And if there is different approach then, we are -- we would pursue it.
Chris Nassetta: Yeah. The first one simple answer is, yes. We continue to see benefits of rebounding food and beverage. It’s not skyrocketing, okay. But from a pattern, we’re seeing significant declines quarter-over-quarter. Yes, we’ve start to see stabilization and recovery and we think it’s the beginning, hopefully of a good trend. On Plateno, as we outline when we announced the deal that is one of the primary drivers for why we entered into the relationship with those guys, was that, but we saw is that the development opportunities in China were changing. They’re going to up and down and be different over different periods of time. But ultimately, the economics are going to drive not unlike what I described, is going on with upscale here in U.S. and China with rising labor costs, rising cost of construction. The thing, the type of product that is going to make -- I think more sense broadly throughout China and in on a mass basis is going to be at that price point. And we looked at lots of ways to do it, in ourselves and with various partners. We picked Plateno because after a long process and a lot of work, we felt like given their success with 7 Days and their scale and their ability to drive the commercial side of the business, they were clearly far and away the best partner. And it was obviously driven by us making money and adding rooms. And I think it is going -- I know it's going to do that. But it was also sort of part of the underlying thesis that I keep describing, which is this loyalty affect. It works. We know it works. It works where we end up with scale and price point diversity and geographic diversity. We need those same things in China. The only way to get those things broadly in China and from a geographic point of view is that at this price point and we think they're the best partner to do that. We win in China and we create that loyalty effect. The 100 million going to 200 million travelers that are leaving China, we think are going to. We do our job, right, to be more loyal to us everywhere else in the world when they travel. So that is a very significant part of the underpinning for the strategy with Plateno.
Chris Nassetta: We invest there -- I mean it’s mostly, honestly our time. I mean, I'm being a little cute in the sense that I'm not allocating the time to the people that are here. But it's mostly our -- given the size of our system and infrastructure that we have on a global basis and relationships we have with owners, et cetera. It is really for the size of our operation relatively de minimis okay. It's not -- it’s in the millions of dollars, not tens of million, which I view as pretty much immaterial for us. And the returns -- when I say infinite, maybe they are not quite infinite are exceptionally high because we invest very little and we build great platforms. So in Curio, it might be in the single of millions of dollars and we have 11,000 rooms open there in the pipeline. So the math is unbelievably compelling, which is why when we look at other individual brand opportunities, I’m not going to pick on any, but there have been a bunch that have being done recently over the last two or three or four years. We have looked at those. And in those cases said, we’re better off doing it organically. We’re going to drive better returns for our shareholders because it’s not just a growth that they can give. It is incremental growth that they could give us over what we could do on our own because we could do it on our own without making any investment. And when we’ve looked at the returns on that basis, our returns and we’re very disciplined about looking at -- when we invest capital, any kind of capital getting an adequate return, we really get returns on the basis, at least historically over the last few years. We’ve not seen returns that justified taking action. That doesn't mean that there are not opportunities in front of us where that equation changes. But it gives you a sense that  there is a really unique advantage when you get to be as big and when you have market -- the average market share that is this strong and 44 million honors members and you’re everywhere in 100 countries around the world and all these price points with 10,000 developer relationships you got a lot of values. There is a lot of value in that and our job is always to say, all right, what are our competitive strengths and how do we optimize our competitive strengths to create value for all of us to shareholders.
Chris Nassetta: That you would have to ask them. We know that they've started a process and they've done a couple of transactions. We know the business they are in is one that ultimately requires the recycling of capital. I do think that that is the pattern and that is the trajectory they’re on. Exactly when they decided to do it, I can honestly tell you it’s not my decision. And so I can’t give you color other than to say, I do think that the pattern that they established last year will continue at some point.
Chris Nassetta: Let me address. I think I got the question. To be clear, Kevin stated it. We do want to become investment grade and we do think that range in debt to EBITDA that we’ve outlined consistently of three to four times, probably in the middle-ish or little bit lower that is probably where it takes to get there. We are very comfortable with the balance sheet with or without the investment grade status. And I want to be clear because we are not trying to be cute. We are -- we are prepared to institute a return of capital program starting with a dividend in the second half of the year subject to your Board making final decisions on that in advance of an investment grade status. So we are not -- we are not saying that has to precede the beginning of a return of capital program. If it does, great. I suspect honestly it will not, and that my view is we’ll be on a path to getting there and we can get there. And at the same time given the trajectory of the deleveraging, we can return capital as well.
Chris Nassetta: Well, I think that would get -- it's all hypothetical, I mean I think we are in the business of creating value so that would -- any transaction, it would sort of be -- it would be one of many, many factors I think that would be involved it, certainly don't view it as a driver. But we are committed to returning capital. So I do believe that it would be a consideration meaning anything that would stop us from returning capital would not be a positive because we are interested, I think the shareholder base is interested in our returning capital and we are as well.
Chris Nassetta: It’s hard to say. I mean one of that -- one of the things that gives me comfort that we are not at the peak are particularly close. If you look at any kind of historical perspective is what’s going out with occupancy gains, I mean really in my personal experience when I go back and think about when you are getting to peaks of cycles, it’s when you really are seasoning rate growth to a point where it -- in many cases over a 100% of your RevPAR growth and we are just nowhere near that right. We are still getting very -- we are going to have lower occupancy gains this year I think system wise than last year. Last year we’re 2.5 points in occupancy. This year we’ll be less, but we are still going to be close to 2 points of occupancy. It’s not the only metric, but I think it's a very healthy metric that your demand base is growing. At the same time, you are gaining pricing power. It’s certainly to me one of the great indicators that there’s a -- that you are in a very healthy part of the cycle.
Chris Nassetta: I don’t think Blackstone or balance sheet, if you don’t do big M&A whatever it is, that’s all the issues, I mean -- it’s got to be strategically and economically driven, or you’ll screw up something, you will screw up a good company taking any other perspective than that. Second question was -- second part was...
Chris Nassetta: Yes, I mean, no, I mean, I can’t. I don't lose. I don’t wake up in the middle of night losing sleep over that and simply because what I’ve described probably more than you guys want to hear today, I think we’ve got a -- I don’t want to say we are perfect and we have lots of things that I wake up every day and all night long worrying about that I want us to do better and we are working on and we will do better. But I like our setup, I like what we have, I like the momentum, I like the makeup of the company, I think it gives us lots of advantages. And so I can see why others might want to do something to sort of feel -- look and feel more like that and that ultimately they might be a more worthy competitor. But I think what we got is really, really good. And if we execute which I will promise we will and we are disciplined about how we manage the business. We got tremendous potential. So I can't -- I certainly don’t do deals and I don't think you’d ever want us to be doing deals defensively. I think we are great place. We do our job. We are going to stay in a great place. If we can incrementally add to that with whatever is out there, we should be thoughtful and consider those options and we should not do it in a defensive way ever.
Chris Nassetta: I think that Tier 1 cities, Shanghai and Beijing are going to have pretty good years particularly Beijing because it’s had some tougher years so it’s coming back. I think the blended growth is still pretty balanced between rate and occupancy for the full year.
Chris Nassetta: Well, thank you, everybody. That was a good robust call. We are happy to have the time to catch up. Obviously very pleased with not just the first quarter but momentum that we have I think going into what’s going to be another fantastic year for the industry and importantly, a fantastic year for Hilton Worldwide. We appreciate the time, look forward to getting back together with you after Q2 where we can update you on our progress, update you with more specific plans on return of capital. Hope everybody has a great day and talk soon.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Carl, I think we still give the same range. I mean, I think if you do the math, it's a little bit worse because the outlook is getting a little bit worse, but I would still probably give the same range plus or minus for the differential.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Vince, it’s Kevin. That’s exactly the way to think about it so far. If our fee was $25 million and we set about $15 million of it, it was timing so we had $10 million beat in the first quarter and we raised $10 million for the year. We’ve got about $15 million to $20 million of incremental FX for the year, so it’s really a $25 to $30 million FX adjusted raise at the mid-point.
Kevin Jacobs: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Felicia. Yeah. We did say, we’ll give you, we’ll -- I think what we’ll do is outline a plan on the second quarter call. We’ve got to spend a little bit of time talking to our Board about what we want our strategy to be and looking at our forecast and obviously, ultimately, they’re the ones that will decide, but we will intend to be able the outline the plan on the second quarter call. The Sydney transaction incrementally helps get us a little bit closer and we've been saying, I think, for awhile now that we thought we'd be in the zone in the back half of year. We have not wavered on our commitment to investment grade. We think that the range that we've outlined would get us consistent with our peers. Our peers’ investment grade companies we will be balanced about it and work with the agency, so we've not wavered on that commitment.
Kevin Jacobs: Yeah. I think, they ought to move up consistently with the way they have been. So it's been kind of around to 10 basis points for the quarter. It’s gone from four-flat to four-seven over the course of the last five years or so. And we would think that we could consistently, not only continue to get closer to our published rate, which is 5, 4.55 but if we do our jobs right and continue to grow -- strengthen the brands, we ought to be able to increase our published rates overtime. And so I think you'll continue to see it grow at the same -- at a similar pace.
Kevin Jacobs: Yeah. Joel, its Kevin. I’ll take the first part and then maybe Chris will jump in on the second part. I think the consumer demand for the product remains strong. I think, we've seen -- well, our results have been -- in fact, our VPG for the quarter was up over 20%, now that’s been partially driven by. We opened a really strong high-priced product at the Grand Islander in Hawaii, so that’s driving VPG. But for the full year, we still think it's going to be strong at 10 plus percent growth in VPG with high single-digit growth in tourist. So we continue to see high demand for the product but a lot of it's driven by great projects in strong markets and our ability to sell it well.
