Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, sure, Harry. As you point out, it is largely non-cash and largely below EBITDA. So, it's really three things. The implementation or the effect of the new accounting standard related to pension accounting moves some benefit from out of G&A and into another below the line item. There's some FX in there and then a little bit of stock comp, and that's it.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, so far so good, Stephen. It's still, again, it's still early days, but the cards are being well received by consumers and they do drive, well, more hotel use and more spend in our system overall once people signup for the card. So, all good so far there.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, Shaun, it's Kevin. Well, to start off with the easy one, on average, convergence end up being in the pipeline for around six months, so much shorter delivery time, and that's for obvious reasons because the hotel doesn't have to get built. I'd say, what's driving overall – the question from before around transaction activity tends to drive a better environment for conversions. You just have more contracts that become available on a sale, or more often than not, a new owner might have a different perspective on which brand they want to affiliate. So, it tends to drive – an active transaction environment tends to drive more conversion activity. And then the independent to branded trade is just around the power of the network effect and our ability to drive market share. And yes, you're adding on fees. But if we can drive higher net revenue – net of the incremental fees, then we tend to find owners that want to affiliate with us. And that's been going on, and will continue to go on. But in my opinion at least, a healthier transaction environment can drive more conversion.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, and, Felicia, I'd just add, and it's not that you can't see a slowdown in Asia or anywhere in Asia, but outside of mature markets like Japan, prior peak is probably not the right way to think about it. In a lot of cases, we're still – it's an emerging market story...
Kevin J. Jacobs: ...and we're establishing these markets, especially in the middle market, where the business will continue to mature and rates will continue to grow, albeit within the context of economic cycles. But I'm not sure prior peak is the right way to think about it in Asia.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, sure, Robin. It's Kevin. First of all, the G&A increase is, like I said, largely non-EBITDA. So, that's really not having an impact. So, roundly, it's a pretty simple story. Of the $15 million beat, about a third or so of it was timing. We've got about a $10 million lesser of a tailwind in the back half of the year from FX. So, that kind of gets you back to the same midpoint. And we increased the back part of the year by $5 million. So, that's really the story.
Kevin J. Jacobs: Yeah, I think all of that said, it will be hard for us to get back into sort of the mid-40%s in terms of percentage of conversions just because we have a much more mature development strategy today than we did back...
Kevin J. Jacobs: No, we're really not, Pat. The U.S. consumer still feels pretty strong and I think everything is just fine on that front.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Sorry about that. I answered now that everybody wanted to ask that, Joe. So now, I have answered everybody's question.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think for the second half of the year and for the full year, you will ultimately see group outperform all segments. It will probably go group, leisure transient, business transient. So group will be the outperformer. It has been in the first half of the year. I think it will be in the second half of the year. I think leisure transient, business transient year-to-date, and best that we can forecast, will be pretty darn close, but I think leisure will eclipse it by a bit. The most important point in that though, and I covered it a bit in my soliloquy there a few minutes ago, is that business transient is much better than it'd been. Last year, you were talking about 1%, 1.5% if you were lucky. This year, I think for the full year we expect it to be more like 3%, so a material uptick from where we were. Leisure has been strong. So, leisure is going to be likely about where it's been the last couple years, and then group is going to be realistically 4%-plus. So, figure transient will be 3%-plus a little bit maybe, and group will be 4%-plus a little bit in the end.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, I mean, I think you covered the big ones. Europe and the Middle East were very helpful. Conversions obviously are a big focus in a tightening lending environment. So, we're pleased with that. I'd say the other thing that has outstripped expectations, particularly in an environment where construction costs have been going up at a very high rate. I think the number that I got last week was from our team is that year-to-date construction costs have gone up 7% or 8%, and that's off of a 10% increase last year. And so, you have cost going up in an environment where lending standards have tightened, and while RevPAR is growing, it's not growing enough to keep up with that. And so, you've seen, obviously, a decline in what's going on in the U.S. So, we started the year, all that being said, feeling like in the U.S. we would sign fewer deals. We would get more than our fair share given the strength of the brands and the market share of the brands, but that the whole market was going to go down. In reality, what looks like is going to happen based on our forecasting at this point is the whole market's going to go down in terms of signings so we're going to be relatively flat in the U.S. So, that's how we're doing better is we'll be probably down a little bit, but not as much. So, Europe, Middle East up, Asia Pacific doing fine, the U.S. maybe down, but very modestly, and down less than we would have thought.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No. We get that question a lot. I think as we said at our Investor Day a couple of years ago, and I've said pretty consistently, we're really comfortable in the 6% to 7% range when we look at all factors. There are dynamics that have certainly changed over the last couple years, since we sort of gave that range in terms of what's going on in the U.S. As I just described what's going on in Europe, what's going on in Asia Pacific, it's a dynamic situation. But when we look at it overall, I think that we're in that zone for the next few years, and when we look at what's under construction, we look at the opportunities in the conversion world. And we look at building off a higher base because every year that goes by, we're getting bigger and it gets harder. That's sort of the range that we're comfortable with. I would not want to guide people to 7% or above. Having said it, it's not impossible, but I want to be clear in saying that is not where we would guide you. We're going to end up in the middle of the range this year and I think everything is sort of lining up in terms of what we think that's under construction that's going to deliver next year, and what we think we can drum up in conversion activity to put us in that same range. So, hopefully, obviously, we always want to be to the mid to the high point of that range. But I think it will be within that range.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I think it's those things that are driving it combined with one other, which is that the debt markets for existing assets are incredibly fluid right now. So, debt markets for new construction are much more limited. Cost to build has gone up at a high rate. So, what do people do? They want to be active transactionally. They're looking at a cost to build going up and cost to buy that could potentially be lower than a cost to build, and it's very financeable. So, it's not at all surprising that you would see more transaction activity. We're seeing more change of controls. My expectation is in this environment you're going to continue to see more of that. Implications for our pipeline are, as you can see, this has been happening over the last couple of years. I think our expectations we're going to continue to grow the pipeline. We need to continue to grow the pipeline in order to deliver the 6% to 7% net unit growth, and I would say notwithstanding the fact that the U.S. will I think continue to be under pressure in the sense of development activity broadly slowing down. And even though we'll get more than our fair share of it, it will be hard to fight that trend. It's a big world and that's the whole point of being strategic about how we deploy resources around the world that things move in different rhythms around the world. And as much as things are slowing down here, there's still tremendous opportunity for us in other parts of the world, notably in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa and clearly in Asia Pacific. And so, this is in my now coming up on 11 years that I've been here looking at the stats, we've seen this cycle. This will be the third time we've effectively seen this cycle, where U.S. goes up, U.S. goes down. Things come up and down. And we I think then try to be very strategic and I think have demonstrated I think our ability to be successful in an environment that's dynamic by making sure that we're taking advantage of opportunities elsewhere. So, you're going to see the U.S., look at all the Smith Travel numbers and lodging kind of metrics and everybody's numbers, they all show that supply numbers are going down in the next couple of years. And I think they're all right for the reasons that we talked about. But good news is the world's a big place and I think we've set ourselves up very well to continue to be able to be quick on our feet and make sure that we're continuing to grow at a great pace.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, I think that's right. I mean I think ultimately that we'll continue to see increases in volume, and the value proposition is our average market share in our systems are 114%, and most very rarely with independent hotels drive that kind of market share. And so, we have an ability to drive revenues. We also, even though almost all of these end up being franchise, not all of them, but the bulk of them, we have a very positive impact on their cost structures, notwithstanding the fact they got to pay us. They get it back in share and they get it back in distribution cost efficiencies, because the traditional independent hotel becomes very, not all, but most, very heavily reliant on OTA business, and they pay a lot higher exchange rate than we do. So, they get to not only come into the system and get the benefit of all of the direct relationships we have with customers, but for the much lower percentage of the business, they do depend on the OTAs for they pay a lot less for it. So, you get higher market share, top line, much greater efficiency in distribution cost, and they can afford to pay us and make a lot more money.
Christopher J. Nassetta: By the way, I wouldn't say it didn't come up five or seven years ago. It did. But it is a significant part of the discussion in almost every case now in a really positive way for us, in the sense that we are delivering so much of the revenue centrally through our systems and we are not dependent in the same way as others or certainly independents on the intermediaries. And because of our scale, we have a good deal where we do depend on it. And so, this is clearly part of the equation. I'd say, Kevin's point is right. It generally starts with a market share. I'd say it's in the order that I talked about it. First and foremost is people are trying to drive top line, and then a very close second is the distribution cost discussion. Obviously, we compare generally quite favorably to their existing setup.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, I mean of course the outperformance because we're better, kidding. Well, we hope we are better. We are driving...
Christopher J. Nassetta: The reality is that our outperformance, kidding aside, in the quarter was that we had massive share gains. Frankly, we had massive share gains. We had share gains across the board in every major region of the world. Our share gains in APAC and EMEA were outstanding. And so, our outperformance versus the market is because of our strength of the brands, market share, and commercial strategy. So, a big thanks to all of our teams that are helping drive these strategies. If you look at it, I know there's been a lot of discussion about international slowing down, I've sort of had people asking me that it's not really what we're seeing. If you sort of just like whenever – quarter-to-quarter, there's always things sort of moving around that affect things. But if you look at the whole year, which cleanses not all, but most stuff, the international business for us, everything outside the U.S. for the full year is going to be almost exactly where we ended up last year. They will be made up a little bit differently, region, geography by geography, but when you look at it, it will be within a tenth of a point of where we ended up last year. And so, what's really happening if you look at last year, we ended up at 2.5%, I need to take the midpoint of our guidance, we're saying we're going to be at 3.5%. Hopefully we do better. But that's what the midpoint of our guidance would be. It's basically the international performing almost identically last year, which of course was quite good, and the U.S. business is getting better, and that's the simple story of what's going on. I said it I think on our last call. I mean the thing that we are really pleased to see over these last few years, I don't have the exact data points in my head, Kevin may, but if you look at what we've been doing over the last couple of years and the last few quarters in APAC and EMEA, for the first time ever, our market share numbers have eclipsed our U.S. market shares. And so, this is really a testimonial of the fact that the network effect is being built out outside of the United States and it's working. Our U.S. market share is industry-leading on average. So, those are really good numbers. But in APAC and EMEA, our market share numbers are crushing it. And that is a wonderful testimonial to the work the teams are doing. But it's a great leading indicator when you talk about 40% – signings up 40% in EMEA. The reason it's happening is because the share numbers are growing like crazy and we're attracting more owner, attracting more capital by virtue of owners wanting to invest more in the system because they're seeing this and they want to invest to jump on the bandwagon, and invest with us to make more money. So, certainly, we've had reason to believe good outperformance in the sense of gaining share over the last few years, and then second quarter was really, really big share. But I have an expectation, we'll continue to gain share as we go forward in the international stage.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I'll be honest. I haven't studied Italy and Spain for the quarter. When we met with our teams, which I did across the globe last week, there was nothing that was pointed out to me that was anomalous stick in those markets or that whatever happened that won't sort of clear itself up by the end of the year.
Christopher J. Nassetta: That's of course really hard. I don't have that crystal ball. I think that those markets – let's take them one at a time. Europe is a big place, lots of different things going on. The UK has been a little bit weaker, being compensated for with strength in other parts of Europe, Germany in particular, Turkey coming off of easy comps and issues that have started to stabilize. My expectation is that both as a consequence of sort of things being reasonably steady other than the Brexit situation, but reasonably steady in our ability to continue to drive commercial performance that we're going to drive better performance there than honestly we can drive here, even though U.S. is getting better, and Asia Pacific clearly, I think that will be the case just because I think the dynamic of those economies is even though we can debate China is growing a little bit slower and there are issues in Japan and the like in Southeast Asia, you could debate. The reality is those as across the board, the Asian economy is going to be growing at a faster pace than most economies around the world for the foreseeable future, maybe slower than they have a little bit, but faster than the rest of the world. So, I think we're going to continue to see an ability to drive really good performance there. And if we do our job, we're going to outperform by continuing to have strategies that deliver incremental market share. So, I think for the next couple of years, I feel reasonably good barring unforeseen circumstances.
Christopher J. Nassetta: 2019 feels pretty good. So, I think the comment we made, we were up in the high single digits, low double digits for all periods forward in the quarter, all bookings forward on the group side, and into 2019. So, I think – I don't have the numbers sitting in front of me, but we're mid-single digits this year. I think we're mid-single digits, maybe even a little bit better, for next year. So, the group feels pretty good. And frankly, if we look out, obviously, it's a diminishing percentage of bookings in terms of the overall bookings, ultimately that will occur in any year as you go forward to 2020, 2021, et cetera. But you look at the numbers in the next two or three years and they all look pretty good, and getting better.
Christopher J. Nassetta: In New York, the Waldorf Anbang continues to move ahead. But, first of all, we are not collecting any fees, zero fees. So, only upside when the Waldorf reopens. They are moving forward with all of the demolition work that needs to be done. They are moving forward with the contract documents for all the renovation, and they have said to us that when they complete those things, which they're working away at, they intend to execute on a plan for the renovation. I think the expectation is that's probably likely possibly late this year, I think more likely early next year. I think it was reported publicly lately. So, it's consistent with what they've said to us. They are looking to sell a whole bunch of other U.S.-based assets, including, which was reported, the Strategic Hotels, but their intention was not to sell the Waldorf. That's what's been reported. That's what they've told us directly. So, they're moving ahead. No real comment on union negotiations. We work really hard to maintain what we think is a very good and productive relationship with the unions, and different markets come up at different times where it's basically in a constant discussion with them on a whole bunch of different things, not just when contracts are up. So, nothing really incremental to report relative to that.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, once they get started, it should be three. I don't think it's four. I guess it could, but because there's a lot of work to be done, but the building's there. You can't touch the – you got to clean up and improve the exterior, but the base building is there. So, you do take some of the timeline out because of that. But I think right now the schedule looks like three years or less.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Not at this time. Obviously, we're going to be opening another Conrad in New York, in Midtown here in the not too distant future. So, we'll have two Conrads in New York. But I think the idea is in New York, the Waldorf should be – the Waldorf Astoria in New York should be the only Waldorf Astoria in New York. If at some point – I do not expect this to be the case, but if at some point, it is clear that Anbang is not moving forward or it's going to be a significantly extended timeframe, then that's something that we would have to be intelligent about and consider.
Christopher J. Nassetta: I don't think so, Jeff. I mean I think if I look at the – again, even in the 11 years I've been here sort of the cycle of what's going on with the pipeline, obviously our net unit growth has grown throughout that time. And the complexion of it has changed and the pipeline has changed a lot. But the patterns have been relatively consistent. And so I don't think it really foreshadows much of anything. I think it's back to what I said. It's a big world and there are lots of ways for us to be able to grow in ways that are great for our customers and giving them more opportunities to stay with us and great for all of our shareholders because we drive more profitability as we do it. And so, conversions are one way we do that. It is largely a western experience. Although, there are some examples in other parts of the world where we – in the Middle East and Asia, where you will see us do some conversions. The bulk of it really will occur in the United States and Western Europe, and I think as a natural – it's a natural consequence of what's going on in the broader environment just in the U.S. as we've discussed, there's just less stuff getting built and I think independent hotels that have more I would argue more of an incentive in this environment to focus on trying to work with somebody like us and getting to the system to be able to drive greater profitability. So, no, it's a long winded rambling way of saying I don't think there's anything particularly unique about what we're seeing in conversions. Conversions as an overall percentage of our NUG actually are still towards the lower end of the range. I mean if you go back in 2009 and 2010, coming out of the Great Recession, where you find conversions pick up a bunch, it was over 40% of our NUG. You look at it last year, it was roughly 20%. I think when we finish the year this year, it will be probably mid-20%s, maybe not even quite, but somewhere around 25%. So, it's still not in a relative sense compared to where I've seen it. It's still not anywhere near the high watermarks. I think when you see – if and when, I mean I guess it's always when because business cycles eventually turn, although it doesn't certainly feel like that's happening anytime soon. When that happens, I think that's when you would see an incremental surge in activity and conversions because when times get much tougher, people look for shelter. And the fact that we have very high market share can drive more efficient distribution costs, works now really well and works even better when you're in a down cycle because people are even more focused on it.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, I think that's fair. I mean I don't think we'll ever get there. Yes, that's a good add-on because I didn't mean to imply we would. That was in a different era for this company, much lower NUG, number one, just a much lower number, and number two, yeah, they have a much less mature development strategy. But I think in a down cycle, we clearly go up to a 30%. We can easily get to 30%. I doubt it would go a whole heck of a lot higher than that.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Yeah, I mean I think the answer is yeah, I do think you're going to continue to see as you did last year and as I think you will this year in the U.S., the bulk of our RevPAR growth is coming in rate. It may not be supercharged rate growth, but I think last year and I think it will end up this year about the same play like 70% of our RevPAR growth is coming in the form of rate. There's still weaker shoulder period weekends. We're getting occupancy even though it's at very high levels historically because I think we're a lot smarter about how to fill off peak times, which we want to keep doing. So in theory, if we get smarter and smarter, better at that, we're going to be able to drive some incremental occupancy all the time because we still have plenty of capacity in shoulder periods and particularly on weekends. No matter what we do, we still have capacity. So, you always want to see a little bit of occupancy growth because we should be trying to fill every room we can. Rate growth is the bulk of it. I think you'll continue to see that. And yeah, here's what I'd say that if trade, sabre-rattling aside, you started out this year – ended last year, started out this year with a much more positive psychology in the business environment, people have a easier regulatory goal that they've got a lot – they have clarity on tax policy at least for now, they have a lot more dollars in their pocket to spend, they're investing it, just the psychology is better, the confidence is better. And in that environment, people are willing to spend more money. They're less rigid about, it gives you more pricing power just because also the economics, but also the psychology that they're just willing to spend more. So, I do think if this momentum continues in the psychology and the business community is good as it has been, it will give you the ability to translate that into some incremental pricing power. You were starting to see it in a sense in – you could argue what we just described in the group space is the precursor to that, right, in the sense that you're seeing over the last two or three quarters a big uptick in the group space of people being willing to not only book in the moment for the moment groups, but out multiple years. What does that suggest? That suggests this has more positive view in the business community about what the future holds. And I think that is a decent precursor to the fact that their confidence is going to translate into more spending, broader uptick in economic growth. And I think what goes with that is an expectation that you got to pay more for some products and services, including ours. So, I don't want to get ahead of myself and saying it's going to be a bonanza, but I think, if this momentum continues, I do think it allows you to build incrementally just because of the laws of supply and demand a little bit of incremental pricing power. How much, it will depend on how much momentum, how much strength in the economy and for how long.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, it's a good question. We like the AI space in the sense we've been in it for a very long time in a fairly modest way in the sense that a number of our existing hotels largely centered on the Hilton brand, a little bit within the DoubleTree brand have had an all-inclusive sort of approach and pricing structure, including in Jamaica, but also in other parts of the world, in parts of Europe, in parts of the Middle East, Egypt resorts being one notable geography. And so, we like it. We've been doing a bunch of work to figure it out, and I think the expectation is that we will – that is something that in certain locations, not broadly across the world, but in certain geographies, that is something that customers want. We do think it is a benefit from an Honors' point of view, because it's a place that Honors' numbers can redeem in too and a bunch of – enough of them want to do it. So, I'm not going to make a big announcement on we're going to create an AI brand today. It's something we spend a lot of time on. I think you should expect to see us do more in that space. We are now figuring out exactly how we're going to do that. Exactly how we're going to do, it means how we're going to do it as we've been doing it with existing brands, and do it at a sort of higher volume, or would we create sub-brands within those brands that are purely focused on AI. And we don't, I'm being perfectly transparent, we don't have any answer to that yet, but you will certainly see us for I think all the right reasons those that you described, which is some customers want it. You'll see it doing more in that space, and more to come there over the next few months.
Christopher J. Nassetta: No, I mean that's very hard for us to track. I've asked that very question of my teams many, many times. As far as we can track and the best data I have, we don't think that there's been any material impact from the change in commission structure. My guess is there's a little bit of impact, just because naturally there should be and it's sort of hard to discern scientifically, so it's more atmospherically. But our folks think that the momentum is being driven by sort of the core underlying fundamentals of more positive psychology, just people feeling better, being willing to make decisions on bookings, because they're more confident about the future and not much to do about commission structures.
Christopher J. Nassetta: Thanks, everybody, for the time today. As always, we appreciate you spending an hour of your morning with us. Pleased with our second quarter, as I said, feeling good about the setup for the rest of the year, and frankly going into next year. We'll look forward to talking to you after the third quarter, the report on all matters. And I hope everybody enjoy the end of your summer. Take care. Thanks.
