Christopher Nassetta: Correct. Yes. I mean, the way to think about those is those are normalizing in growth rates, above algorithm growth, above typical growth you would assume sort of on a same-store basis. But we're still particularly because of Omicron, on the fee side, we have a supercharged fee growth rate in the first quarter. But I think the way to think about, over the intermediate, even longer term, is we think all of those ancillary license fees and otherwise, they're going to grow better than our typical algorithm growth. You're just -- yes, you have some year-over-year normalization going on in Omicron impact.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I mean, it's early. So we've obviously been talking to a lot of our ownership community as the banking issues have sort of taken hold. And I would say there's a broad range that anecdotally go from, we haven't seen much impact. We're still getting finance. As you can see in our numbers in starts in the U.S. being so far up. Now part of that was before the banking, the regional local banking set of issues, but part of it was after. They're still getting the best owners with the best relationships are getting their deals done, and our market share in a tougher environment goes up. So proportionately relative to others in the industry, we typically do even better. But we also have folks that are saying very hard to find the money and some in the middle that are saying like they're talking to their banks and their banks are saying, "Hey, we're going to be there for you. Just give me like 90 days. Let me see how this all plays out." And so I think it's early to know. I think being objective about it, which I always am trying to be, I think the Fed seems to be managing through this reasonably well. There's some ongoing things today or this week going on, but I think the Fed, I think, is pretty committed to making sure there isn't sort of a run on regional banks broadly. So I think we're in reasonably good shape that way. But I think that the net result is for a period of time, there'll be less credit available, okay? I still think we'll get more than our fair share of it because our brands are better performing, and we'll see our share go up as we historically do when times get tougher for financing, et cetera. But it's hard to believe that in the short to intermediate term, there's not going to be some impact. It hasn't shown up. It didn't show up in the first quarter. We haven't seen it yet, but I think in terms of pipeline, people, I think our expectation at this point for the year is the pipeline is going to keep growing. The bigger question is going to be the conversion under construction. In the first quarter, it was very, very good, as you heard, in the data. I think that will get more challenging. I think it just stands to reason that will get more challenging. And so listen, the good news for us is we tend to get -- our share goes up. It's a big world. While China has been a little bit slower to sort of pick up steam on the development side, it is picking up steam, I think, particularly as we think about next year, I think it's going to be a big net contributor. And conversions are -- have been and continue to be a big focus of ours. We think we'll do meaningfully more as a percentage of overall delivery this year as conversion somewhat aided by this year a little bit, but a lot, I think, next year by Spark, which is 100% conversion, very low cost of entry in a relative very, very lightly, if dependent at all, on the banking community. So that's not why we did Spark. We did Spark for all the right reasons, to better serve, create a bigger and better network effect, but just in time management, the timing of it actually is quite good. As we said, it's not going to do a lot for this year, but I think over -- starting next year and beyond, it will add significantly. But the net of all that, Joe, is, again, answering -- I'm trying to give a little bit of color across the board. We do expect that what's going on in the banking system, particularly for limited service, which is disproportionately financed by the regional and local banks, that they're going to pull in their horns. They're going to survive. Most of them are going to get through this, but there's going to be less credit available, and that's going to slow things down a bit.
Christopher Nassetta: Should be, yes. It should be mathematically, yes. The algorithm is, as you know, so the same-store plus unit growth. And we've been delivering on average even through COVID, 5-ish, maybe a tick over, even in an environment that is being impacted by some of the things I just described. We believe we'll continue to do that as we manage our way over the next couple of years back up to the 6% to 7%. And so even in a no growth same-store environment, which is not certainly what we're experiencing now for the record, as you can see, but even in that environment, fees would continue to grow with unit growth.
Christopher Nassetta: We were already seeing it pre-COVID, where there was just a demand for workforce housing and people -- more mobility in their lives and they wanted to be places and work from different places. And they didn't -- they were going to be there long enough to commit. They're like, get an apartment and pay a one year's deposit and all that fun stuff. And so we are already seeing demand that was outstripping supply. And then COVID hit. And while a lot of things have normalized, and I've talked about this on prior calls a bunch of times, the one thing that happened is it accelerated the idea of mobility. While the office environment is normalizing, a lot of people are going back. It's not exactly what it was. More people are going to be remote as a percentage of the workforce permanently. More are going to have flexibility and sort of different times of year, times of the week, Mondays and Fridays. And all of that is continuing to just -- as those patterns shift, it's building more and more demand against a limited amount of supply. And so the fundamentals we think are just great. The way I think about the product that we're developing, and I'm getting ahead of myself, but it's coming really soon. I mean, down we have -- we've built it. We've done 99% of the work. It's almost a hybrid. It's like an apartment efficiency meets hotel. And I'd say it's almost like 60-40. It's more apartment efficiency. There's so many workforce housing needs that are just unmet with this kind of product for somebody who needs to be somewhere 30, 60, 90, 120 days. So you're talking about average length of stay of probably 20 to 30 days on average versus most of the core extended-stay brands are like 5 to 10 maybe, somewhere in that range, if you look at the industry. So it's a different demand base, different types of locations, which is why we love it because we're not serving it, meaning it's not competitive with what we're doing with Home2 and certainly not competitive with Homewood because it's serving a totally different need, mostly in totally different markets. And as I said, we -- I didn't intend to go this far, sorry. But this is hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hotels over time. This is not like we're going to do 50 or 100 of these. I mean, you'll wake up over time in 10 years, and will -- it will be like Home2. We'll have 4, 5, 6. We'll have a lot of these because we think the need is there now and growing. And we -- while a lot of people are doing things in this arena, I think we've proven by launching brands that we do uniquely have done it pretty well to launch brands and get to scale and build network effect, not just broadly for the company but within brands. And we've done that, I think, as well or better than anybody. And I think we have an opportunity to do it here. And our system delivers. The system delivers the highest market share in the business. So if you're an owner thinking about I'm going to build a similar product somewhere else, I mean, you're going to look at the system strength. And ultimately, I think, historically, people vote with their feet. They vote with a product that they think will work better from a customer point of view, ultimately, higher margins and drive higher share. And so we got to do it again, but we've got a pretty good track record of doing this stuff. We've spent a lot of time on this. And hopefully, by the next time we talk, it will be out of the shoot and we'll be talking about how many deals we got lined up.
Christopher Nassetta: No. You mean, attrition meaning losing hotels out of the system? No, I mean, here's the -- listen, and not to be too simplistic about it. But what we do is really made much easier by delivering commercial performance. So having great brands that resonate with customers, loyalty that connects the dots, that customers are engaged with, product and service in those particular brands that really resonates with customers. And ultimately, our commercial engines and commercial strategies that deliver the highest level of market share. And so if you look at our -- if you look at like Tru or Hampton almost -- I would say, almost 100%, I don't know, 90% to 100% of the deals that exit the system within those brands. And I don't think any Trus have exited the system that I'm aware of. It's a relatively new brand. I'm probably -- probably none. But Hampton is by our choice, meaning that their time is up. They're in a location or they're in a physical state that we just don't think works anymore. And so that's by our choice. We have very little attrition. And back to where I started, the reason we have very little attrition is our mega category brands are category killers. They drive incredibly high share. So as we think about Spark, as we think about our new extended-stay brand, we have to get it right, which we will. We have to drive really high share, which we will. The product has to really work for customers, which is what drives that. And people don't want to leave, right? So our history is super, super good in the mega categories. If you go through the whole list of all our extended, Home2, Homewood, Hampton, Tru, the attrition there is almost all. The vast, vast majority of it is by our choice.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. Of the 300 -- I'll get this direction. Of the 300 bang around it, I would say it's almost all. It's very little of us. So there are a few Hamptons of the 300. So a teeny number of Hamptons that we would probably otherwise say will exit the system that we think for Spark will work even though they wouldn't work for Hampton. But that's a teeny tiny amount. The rest of it is almost -- there's a little bit of independent on that data point, but it's almost all coming from other brands in that -- in the economy space and spread around what you would guess. And I have some of that data but I'm not sharing it.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. The fee structure is quite similar to other fee structures. They are smaller and it is at a lower rate. We think the rate here is probably $80 to $90 versus the net Tru, which is $120 -- in the $120s with Hampton being at like $140. So it's -- they're a similar size so a lot of the Trus and Hamptons, they're at a lower ADR by design. And so yes, per pound fees will be a little bit less and certainly versus upper upscale business. You have to remember in our world is we're trying to create a network effect. So this is a massive customer acquisition tool for us. There's 70 million or 80 million people traveling in this segment, half of whom are younger people that travel and this is all they can afford. And while we serve some of them, we're not serving many of them. So the opportunity is for us to get them hooked on our system early by giving them the best product that they can find in the economy space because every single hotel, every customer-facing element of the hotel has to be done or it doesn't get our name. And we regulate the gate. Nobody comes in. Nobody passes through the gate until that's done. And so the other thing to remember is it's an infinite yield. So we built -- we bring in tens of millions of new customers that are going to trade up. They're going to grow up and they're going to use our other products. They're going to trade in and around our products. And we built this brand with a lot of hard work and elbow grease from the standpoint of the deals that we're getting. While they may be per pound a little lighter, we're not paying for them. I mean, thus the infinite yield. There's no investment. We continue to build these incremental fee streams. And when you add up what the potential, I mean, I suspect 30 years ago, somebody said that about Hampton. Well, I mean, Hampton at that time was a $50 rate, and it's 100, 120-room hotel. How much money can that make you? Well, Hampton is a value well into the billions of dollars because turns out when you do a few thousand of them, it adds up. And the ultimate potential of Spark is bigger than Hampton because it's a bigger slice of the pie. So we're very excited about it. We think it is going to add not just new unit growth, but it's going to add significantly to earnings as it ramps up and ultimately to the overall value of the company.
Christopher Nassetta: There is no year where fees per room are going down just because the arithmetic. And we continue to have RevPAR growth on the existing pool of assets that continues to go up. And yes, fees per room as we model it 5, 10 years out, just keep going up.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. On a global basis, business transient, actually fourth quarter to first quarter ticked up. So on a -- it was about -- in the fourth quarter, about 1.03 and it went to 1.04. But importantly, on an aggregate occupancy basis in the first quarter, for the first time, it actually got back or slightly above where it was at the prior peak. Now that's not a U.S., that's a global number. So why is that happening in the face of everything you're reading? And it's really simple, which is why I said it in the comments, it's SME. It's like what we're all filtering through is big corporate America. Big corporate America is worried about the world, all the uncertainty and maybe curbing some of their appetite for travel. Having said that, I've met with -- we had a big customer event, and I didn't get that impression even at a big corporate America. I think incrementally year-over-year, they're all traveling more but maybe not as much as they would have thought. But the SMEs continue, which are 85% of our business, continue to perform really, really well. And the big corporates weren't really back in any event. And so since they had not come back to prior levels, while they may recover more slowly, they're not, my impression from talking to a bunch of them, they're not really cutting because they already had cut so much and they hadn't built it back. They're just -- maybe it's flattening for them. But I said it many times over the last few years. We have, by choice, we were always quite dependent 80% of our business was SMEs. It's 85% now by choice, meaning we have shifted our mix because it's higher rated business, it's more resilient in the sense that it's more fragmented by the very nature of what it is. So business transient is alive and well. And I'd say in the first quarter, both the price was above and volume was at or slightly above, and that trend continues into Q2 although we're early in Q2.
Christopher Nassetta: It's normalizing. It's slightly elevated relative to pre-COVID but not much and has come down a bunch. And we expect probably by the end of the year, certainly into next, it will be normalized with where it was, which is where we want it to be.
Christopher Nassetta: I mean, I don't think so. Well, the #1 prima facie evidence it has. So I mean, Bill, but I just finished on a couple of questions ago, in the data in the first quarter, business travel has already recovered. I think what it means for us is in the intermediate term, as you get more certainty in the environment, there's upside in business travel, meaning we've done a good job of shifting to SMEs. With that shift, we're sort of, on a volume basis, back to where we were. Rate base is higher. The big corporates still have to travel. By the way, the big corporates are also not one size fits all. It's really where you see the impact is technology, banking consulting. If you look at a lot of the other big corporate sectors, they're still growing, but those sectors weighed it down. As those sectors stabilize and start to think about the future and being competitive and getting their sales forces back out and get out of cost-cutting mode, which they will, they always do, I look at it as upside. So I think when you wake up in a year or two and we're in a little -- we're in -- whenever we get to a more certain environment, hopefully it's sooner than later, I think the opportunity will be that business travel, both volume and price, will be higher than the prior peak. I think the same thing for the group business. I think this has done -- what's happened in the last three years has done nothing but reinforced -- I mean, we're definitely benefiting from a lot of pent-up demand, but it's done nothing but reinforce, as I talk to all of our group customers and the like, that the need for people to be congregating to do the things that they do in culture and collaboration and innovation and all of those fun things. So I kind of famously said when we get through this in like April, May of 2020, I think it will look a lot more like it did than it does. And I think that's -- I still think that. And I think the data largely supports it. If you look at the business mix, like this quarter versus pre COVID and the big segments of business transient, leisure transient and group, we're within a point. I mean, right now, the only difference is leisure is a point higher then group's a point lower. Otherwise, it's about where it was, right? And that's because group takes time to sort of -- to come back. And in the meantime, leisure has been strong. But ultimately, as we get strong high-rated groups back, we will continue to mix more of that in. So I do not personally believe there is credence to that argument. I think the data supports that argument at this moment.
Christopher Nassetta: Thank you, Chad. Thanks, everybody, for the time today. Interesting times with all -- the word of the day is uncertainty. But as you can see, we feel very good about what we delivered in the first quarter. We feel great about the second quarter. Frankly, we feel pretty good about the full year. We're making sure that we're keeping our eyes wide open about what's going on in the world. But we continue to do well and deliver, and most importantly, return more and more capital, which we'll continue to do. So thank you for the time, and we look forward to catching up with you after the quarter.
Kevin Jacobs: And a little bit of mix as well, so the franchise business is a little more concentrated in the U.S. where RevPAR growth has not been as robust as outside the U.S.
Kevin Jacobs: No, there's -- no. Removals is right in line with normal. We'll end up about 1%, 1% and change for the year. Just the gross rooms from a timing perspective -- I mean, I think I don't want to repeat what Chris said earlier on the call. But I think from a timing perspective, for the full year, gross room additions were lower in the first quarter and deletions were about the same. So that's the difference.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, I think David, just to add just a little bit, and Chris covered it, yes. I mean, the capital intensity of our -- in our business is much higher at the upper end, right? So the higher you go in the chain scale, the more the deals are competitive and you're contributing capital. And the other thing I'd say is why I think sort of working with you for a while, I think where you were headed with that. I think from a revenue intensity perspective, Chris described it. As you layer in these lower fee per room hotels, mathematically, of course, your fee per room does go down. But when we model it out over a long period of time, you'd be surprised the fees per room do not...
Kevin Jacobs: They keep going up over time, and we continue to grow at what we often talk about as algorithm. So if you take same-store sales plus NUG, the fees per room and the fee growth continues at that pace. And part of that is because of the non-RevPAR-driven fees that Chris mentioned earlier in the call, which we think will continue to grow at a higher rate than algorithm. So you put that all in your model and it's -- it's surprisingly steady/continues to grow. 
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, I'll take this one, Brandt. I think outside of Spark as we've covered that, I think you've got a couple of factors. One is yes, in sort of an environment where people are expecting demand to soften, they tend to seek out brands more often, and obviously, they tend to seek out the stronger brand. So it's being driven by somewhat of demand for independent hotels converting to brands. And then I think the other factor is in an environment where credit's tighter, a cash-flowing hotel, right, so acquiring a hotel and that's already cash-flowing, it's easier to finance than new construction. So I think those are the two primary drivers. And then you think about some of the things that are going on around the world. But they're generally driven by transactions and generally in a softening demand environment, easier to finance and more demand for the branded systems.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. I think, Bill, what you're seeing is it's kind of -- it's across the board. It's positive change to all regions. Largely, I think Chris covered this earlier in the call, largely concentrated with the demand strength continuing into the second quarter and us taking the second quarter up a little bit, a little bit in the third quarter and then the -- and if you think about pushing out the anticipated slowdown in the back half of the year, but there is improvement in the outlook in all regions, including the U.S.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to ask you quickly on that extended-stay launch. We've seen a lot of products from different brands being launched to the extended-stay segment. And I was just curious, what do you think is driving so much interest from customers? And are they abandoning another segment of mid-scale? We don't get data or at least in our case, we don't get extended-stay data specifically. We just see the chain scale data. I'm just wondering what sort of shifts you're seeing within that, that it's leading so many people to launch into that sector.
Smedes Rose: And can I just ask you a quick other question? The difference between the gross room additions in the first quarter and then that room just seemed kind of wider than what we've seen. Is that -- was that just -- is that sort of a seasonal thing or was there something in particular on the deletion side that you can call out or...
Smedes Rose: Well, just the first quarter gross room additions and then the net room additions that seem just pickup...
