Chris Nassetta: I think that gets you pretty close to the right number. I mean I'd say that based on the sort of range of outcomes, it's about $700 million to $900 million, roughly that should be available for debt reduction in the year.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, I mean -- I'd say still not withstanding the GDP growth is moderating a little bit and they -- and China is clearly been trying to make sure that they don't end up with a real estate bubble. It's clearly still generally pretty positive. There was a period of time I would say sort of in the first half of last year where China development really slowed down. It picked up pretty materially, it didn't get back to the peak levels but it picked up pretty materially in the second half of last year, and what we see so far in China in the beginning of this year and we said in our Investment Committee Meeting in the last couple of weeks where we review all the deals we're doing. It feels -- it still feels pretty good. It is changing and so my comments about Hilton Garden Inn and my prepared comments and what we're doing with the launch of Embassy which will occur later in the year would put in those -- would put my comments for a reason and that is definitely to signal that there is change of thought I think. There's no question that full service and luxury we still have pretty good momentum in China, but the pace at which this new development is getting done I think in the market generally at the high end of the business as close somewhat and I think it's picking up in the midscale segment of the business. So we've been very, very focused on Garden Inn. We think Embassy has adapted for that market as a great sort of value play in the full service space that's going to play well. We haven't done it yet, but we haven't launched it yet, but we've been working on our Hampton launch in the China market. We've done all sort of the background work and research and development work for how we would adapt that product for the market. So I think you're going to look to see that over the next couple of quarters that we will be doing something and what I would describe is sort of the 3.5 star space in China. So I'm -- listen, long-term I'm very optimistic about the development opportunities in China. In the short to intermediate term I'm pretty damn optimistic as well, I just think that the makeup of it is increasingly going to be more in the midmarket and less at the upper end of the market. We're very focused on, as I said, we think it's really important not just for building our business in China, which is important to serve the billion plus people in China, but China is very rapidly becoming the number one outbound market in the world in the next couple of years will have 100 million outbound travelers and we want to have a very sort of like we do in developed parts of the world Europe and U.S., very broad distribution at all the important price points so that we build mass sort of loyalty to our family brand, both to build our business in China, but as increasingly Chinese travelers leave the market they're going to -- we think they're going to stay with the brands when they're in other parts of the world that they become loyal to in their home market. So we're focused on that and I think the most important way that that's going to happen meaning broad distribution within China is going to happen in the three-and-a-half to four star space not in the five plus star space.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, on the occupancy side listen it's a tail of mortgage and assets. So I think as you look at it 73% might -- we're going to have as Kevin suggested, we would probably have our RevPAR growth, you're going to have somewhere between half a point and a point of occupancy growth. You're certainly getting to the point where you don't need a lot more occupancy broadly in the system and my guess is that 60% to 70% rate growth figure that we get will be even higher next year. So I think we're getting from a cycle point of view to the point where as you're implying in your question, we want to be and we certain -- don't get me wrong, we're certainly focused on rates and we will be increasingly focused on rates, but there will be a little bit more broad sort of system-wide U.S. occupancy gain this year. Well that's basically come on the group side, if you look at on average 73% it's great but if you look at it sort of by individual segments particularly looking at the big group hotels, big commercial hotels they still have occupancy to go, because we are mid cycle in my opinion in terms of where we are broadly that is generally when you see the group business come back that's when you see these big hotels really start to perform as a result of building that, that that be. And I would say from the standpoint of the real big boxes and bigger markets unlike may be sort of the limited service in suburban secondary markets, there is more occupancy there. So you're not going to see a whole lot of occupancy and a lot of markets moving, but you're going to see it disproportionally moving in the bigger market and in these big very large hotels, if that answer the question. In terms of I would say that group position I gave you in my comments very strong up year-over-year, the way I would describe pace, which means a different timeframe sort of what we are doing in different periods of time booking on a year-over-year basis. You probably wouldn't be surprised that in the fourth quarter we saw some pace declines and that was we can pretty much track if that was the result of a lot of what was going on with the U.S. Government and the government shutdown and the potential throughout of debt ceiling issues and budget debate that had not been solved, and every time that flares up, we've pretty consistently seen people that are making longer lead decisions and that's what's going on with group, start to freeze up. So we had very healthy pace. I would say in the first quarter through third quarter overall, fourth quarter, not as much we think a direct sort of results for that. And the good news is in terms of what we see thus far this year, we've seen that stabilize and start to pickup. So pace is positive and what we see right now and obviously the position is positive. Now, that we are pretty -- we think certain I mean if not entirely certain that you're not going to have any -- if the budget discussion is done, looks like that everybody has agreed to a increase in the debt ceiling that gets us to the second quarter of next year. At this point, we think that portends very good things for the group business. We think that the business is there, the demand there and without -- this is technical term without the Psychobabble that has been going on in Washington, we think there is a -- that the business will continue to pickup. We obviously saw a great -- I said we were up 10% group in our Big 8 last year; we were up 10% again this year in terms of position. The Big 8 had great RevPAR growth last year. We expect to have a very good RevPAR growth, higher than the high-end of our guidance driven by these factors, which is building both occupancy but also rate in the group side and providing that strong foundation for us to continue to squeeze out lower price transient business and only take the best transient business.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, I think listen what's going on in '13 is just some year-over-year comp issues at the -- we had some contracts that were sort of changed and one in particular, a very big one in Mecca that distorted what was going on with incentive management fees. It obviously -- it's a very positive thing for the company. We restructured an existing agreement and changed the incentive management fee arrangements and returned for I think 4500 new rooms that were doing with this developer in Mecca over the next -- that will be opening over the next three or four years, so a very positive thing, but it distorted the IMS. This year, IMS growth was going to be sort of in the 8% to 10% range. I'd say that's sort of the beginning of a very nice trajectory in the sense that if we look at what we have under construction around the world a 102,000 room, 75%, 80% of those are international the vast majority of those are sort of in the full service and luxury space, almost every one of those have incentive management fee contracts. For the record they don't stand behind on our priorities, those are the really good kind. And as we deliver those hotels into the system -- and obviously they are under construction, so that will be happening fairly rapidly, you will start to see a very nice trajectory of growth and incentive management fee. So the 8% to 10% that you see this year should be over the next couple years ramping up the 20% plus growth in IMS.
Chris Nassetta: I'd say listen, we're working on it every day and we -- as you can tell from the Hawaiian Village description it's not like we woke up yesterday and said hey here is an idea, I mean it took us probably three-and-a-half years to get the entitlement, to be able to turn that loading dock into a 400 plus unit tower in on Waikiki Beach. And so we've been working on some of these. I'd say we clearly have a handful of these types of opportunities that are sizeable, I don't want to say it's this -- but that are meaningful sort of NPV value to the company. I mean the truth is we have a big real estate portfolio. So we have dozens and dozens of opportunities in that portfolio to create value in every way from an operating point of view and smaller value enhancement opportunities. But the big one, there is probably a handful. There is a Hawaiian Village there; a number of things in New York and our biggest assets is the New York Hilton at the Waldorf Astoria, other assets in Hawaii, like Waikoloa potentially in London with the Park Lane and some others. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves. Those know me from my prior days as a Public Committee CEO. We would rather do it and then market it rather than market it and then do it. So we are very pleased to be able to announce the Hawaiian Village deal because it's done. We have got great progress on all of the others that I just mentioned. And I think you should expect to continue to see some good progress from us on all of those.
Chris Nassetta: That's always the question that we get and the truth in the matter is we don't ever really know because we know what's happening, otherwise which travel works, right. We know what's happening with us, we don't really know exactly what's happening with anybody else the way the system works. My sense is, and this is going to sound sort of like the obvious answer, it's a little bit of everywhere. I do think that for all the reasons I talked about, when I talked about innovation and I talked about honors and what we're doing in distribution and then what we're doing on online and mobile and e-checking and all these things, I think they suggest that the bigger, more powerful global brand are getting stronger. I'm not saying we're not taking some share from our big global competitors. I hope and my guess is we are a little bit, but I would guess, is sort of, without knowing very specifically, I would guess that more of the share is coming from the independent and the smaller regional and local players. So a little bit everywhere but may be a little bit more from there.
Chris Nassetta: I'll take the second and third and may be ask Kevin to then talk about the debt side of it. So on sales we have -- we do not have a lot that we intend to sell in 2014. We do have a few what I'd describe as dribs and drabs, very small assets, a few in the UK that we've been working on. But would be I'd view it as given our scale the minimus. And the reason for that is I said it in my prepared comments that the short version of it is listen we think we're in a sweet spot of the ownership cycle. We like what's going on in those assets. We love what's going through that that portfolio is really very heavily influenced by the group business which is coming back. We just invested huge amounts in over $2 billion over a period of time and in the assets we're getting the benefit of that. We got these value enhancement opportunities that we want to mind and we haven't been able to mind, not because we didn't know how to do it but because our debt structure really didn’t allow us. So our attitude right now is other than as I say some very minor sales, which would be immaterial to really try and mind the value of this. Over time as I said if we believe that there's an opportunity to create incremental shareholder value by doing something with some or all the real estate, we will not be shy about that. The likely way that we would do it would be really more in a sort of structured format, wouldn’t have to be all of it, but it might be in very large chunks of it to make sure that we create tax efficiency. So it's not, as I said we're not in any way emotionally attached to the real estate. Our predecessors may be were, we're not. We're emotionally attached to driving shareholder value rate now. We think the right way to do that is to mind these opportunities and at least the short-term and look at where the market goes and where multiples are and look at whether at some point we think that there is an ARB opportunity where doing something with the real estate would create a greater value preposition for everybody involved. On the timeshare inventory, listen I think the way to think about that is we're very thoughtful about where we're doing these deal and I think what I would say, it's really driven by the customer, right. So we're trying to do deals in markets with third-parties that are not overlapping with our inventory. So it is really driven and we are actively selling both our own inventory and what's remaining as well as third-party inventory. We have little or no overlap. It's really is where we end seeing the demand coming from a customer point of view, increasingly as you know, I gave the stat at the end of the year we were 78% in terms of inventory for third-parties. If you fast forward and you put the numbers in for the Hawaiian Village deal we're going to do, you're sort of in the low to mid 80s. So as time goes on, the fact of the matter is the vast majority of our inventory is from, is representing third-party. But we're actively selling everything that is on our balance sheet and it gets ultimately sort of driven by customer demand.
Chris Nassetta: The answer is yes, I did a very crazy job of alluding to that and I apologize for that. As I said, my sort of style those of you know me know what is like -- we want to do things and then market them for you guys and everybody else. So we do have a bunch of ideas. Right now, we're dealing as we talked about with Garden Inn with Embassy in China and a lot of our brands, the existing brands. We are being very strategic about how we deploy those and how we enter various markets and launch those in various regions of the world. We do have some things that we are working on in terms of both new brands and potentially what I would describe as brand extensions of an existing brand. And I do expect sort of over the next two or three or four quarters that you're going to hear at least a couple of things from us in that regard. One, which I know everybody, loves to talk about in the boutique space, which I did ask probably more than any other question on earth and even though you didn't ask it, I will certainly answer it. We are definitely working on a concept there. We have a little different view, which I will wait to explain may be on -- in the next -- a call or two out, but we have had and continue to have a little bit of reviews and our competitors or many of our competitors about how to do that and sort of what exact -- what it looks like, what price point it ends up at. We've done a ton of work, we are getting closer I would hope in the not too distant future we can -- you'll be hearing from us on that. That would probably be the first thing or amongst the first things that you would hear.
Chris Nassetta: Yes. Listen, I think getting to the higher end would depend on the things you alluded to, that the continued strength that we've seen in transient, which has been strong. But we assume if you want to get to the higher end of that then you would have to have at or maybe even a little bit above sort of where the transient growth was. You need the group to show up, the group business to show up the way that the way that we're hoping and we think there is potential for that. And probably I'd say you need nothing big to go wrong in the world. Right, I mean the problem whether there is upside and downside of being a very big globally diversified company that ultimately when Egypt is a problem more if when Japan is strong it's great, if Japan is weak they can drag you down. So I think -- I don't listen, I don't think it's -- I believe that we're pretty upset, we gave a range for a reason because it's a big company, a lot of things can happen around the world. We think that at the upper end of that range, it's possible or we wouldn't give you that range and I think it depends on those things. Continued slight uptick in transient, definite uptick in group, and so a nothing major going wrong around the world.
Chris Nassetta: Yes, we have spent a lot of time and some money as you can see if any of you have been to the Waldorf, we've spent over the last five or six years about $175 million and some of that's sort of behind the wall, so you don't see it. Some of it is upfront, I mean, we've been working on the exterior of the building to do the work that needed to be done for about a 100 years. We did -- we have redone the Park Avenue lobby, the motor court. If you haven't seen I mean, amazing progress and done a lot of work to figure out sort of from a rooms point of view what we want to do. We have not taken that next step, because we've been in the process of doing -- excuse me a whole bunch of work and analysis around what's the highest and best use would be from a -- from standpoint of maximizing the value to the shareholders of the company and there are a bunch of different ways to do that and there a bunch of different people, we could do that with recognizing that not to coy that we talk a lot about capital light, obviously it's really complete what we like to have at the Waldorf, certainly it would require a lot of capital. So I would say to you by the end of this year hopefully sooner, we will be in a position to layout exactly what we think the plan is to the Waldorf both in terms of what we're going to do with it physically and who we might do it with in order to continue to focus on our being capital light. And I'm sorry to be coy, again we're just in the middle, we've done a kind of work over a bunch of years, we're sort of in the middle of completing that work and I don't think it's going to be too far out before we can give you good sidelines. We will fix the Waldorf that I will tell you and there a couple of different sort of major pathways to doing that and we're finishing the work to be able to conclude that.
Chris Nassetta: Well, thanks everybody. Listen, I said a couple of times, it's great to be back, it took us six year hiatus from the public market, but after 50, I think consecutive earnings calls it's nice to be back doing quarterly earnings calls. We are obviously very pleased with our results for 2013, both the fourth quarter full year. We feel great about the environment, very optimistic about 2014, and we will look forward to giving you an update after we complete our first quarter. Thanks again for spending the time with us today.
