Christopher Nassetta: Sure. There's a bunch there, but let me unpack it. I think I can pretty succinctly do that. Yes, starting with this year, our numbers have been moving up over the last 3 or 4 months on net unit growth now to being 4.5% to 5%, and that is exactly what you suggested in the question. That's because things have gotten back under construction more rapidly than we were initially assuming, and that means that we're just delivering more this year than we thought we would, which is a good thing. And in conversions, while the bulk of that benefit is going to be seen, I think, in '21 and '22, just because of the lag effect, we are seeing more conversions in the year for the year than we had been anticipating, which was reflected in signings being up in the third quarter by 50%. So the flow-through of that is how we're getting to the 4.5% to 5%. I think as you think about conversions going forward, last year, it was -- and I'll do this directionally because it's very early, and obviously, we're not giving specific guidance. But directionally, last year, we were in the high teens in terms of the percentage of our NUG that was in conversions. This year, we obviously will see an uptick, 400 or 500 basis points on that. Again, recognizing that there's a lag, even though these happen a lot faster than new builds, there is time to renovate properties in many cases, get them into our systems and the like. So we'll be -- if we're in the teens, we'll be in the low to mid-20s. And I think that number will keep creeping up. I've said many times over the years, in the last -- in the Great Recession, I think we peaked out close to 40%. I don't think we will get that high, even though in this world, we have more brands to play with in the sense that then we really had one in DoubleTree. Now we have DoubleTree and 3 soft brands. We're bigger. We have a broader development story than we did from a global point of view in those days. And so I do think it will grow from low to mid-20s beyond that in '21 and '22. And you sort of asked it, and I know it's on everybody's mind. And so while I'm on development and NUG, I'll finish the story is we -- it's very early, and I wouldn't take this as like hard guidance, but I would take it like everything else in COVID world as a good direction, and we've done a lot of work around it. As we think about NUG and as we've talked about, certainly, in the last call, over the next few years, we think it's probably best we can tell in the 4% to 5% range. We're going to be a little bit obviously better than that this year. Next year, we have a bunch of stuff that will deliver that's been in motion, conversions. But we feel comfortable in that range because even though we will have a drop off, obviously and naturally as a result of fewer things getting put under construction because of the financing markets right now, we still have a lot that already is in production and coming through. And we will supplement that with conversions, which, by definition, effectively have already been financed. So I think that's the way I would think about this year. That's the way I think about the next few years that we're sort of somewhere in that 4 to 5 zone, trying to be more precise than that at this point, I think, would be difficult. But we'll obviously keep you updated as time goes on. 
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. And Carlo, I -- it depends on how much success we have in filling what will be a decline in newbuilds with conversions. And it's just -- looking that far out is hard to do. That's why I would just direct you to, at the moment, the 4% to 5%. And I think best that we can model it, and that's all it is for us. But it's based on a lot of experience and the trajectory we see and what's already in the pipeline and what's already under construction and what we see in activity and conversions. We think the next few years will be within those boundaries. It doesn't mean it will be in the middle every year. It could bounce up and down a little bit based on our projections. But that's about as precise as we could be in the moment. 
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I think, look, obviously, it's a very fair question, and I think you've identified some of the offsetting things, right? I mean I think if you think about -- I know you didn't ask about the fourth quarter. But if you think about the fourth quarter, it's a similar dynamic for '21 and '22, right, where you sort of lose the benefit of the furloughs that we had over the course of the second and third quarter. But you gain the run rate benefit of the reductions in force that we've had and some of the other cost control measures that we've put in place. So I'd say, look, I mean, sort of similar answer to NUG, it's a little bit early to be giving you a refined look at 2021 and certainly 2022. But the way we're thinking about it is that most of these savings should be semi-permanent, meaning there will be a point at which the business grows to the point a few years from now where you have to start adding back. But for the foreseeable future, most of the savings should be semi-permanent. And we ought to grow plus or minus inflation over the next couple of years, and that's probably as much guidance as we're comfortable giving you at this point. 
Christopher Nassetta: Thanks for the question. Obviously, it's a little bit difficult to be precise with you in the sense of building the model for you as much as I'd like to. And we do have a model, and if you put those 2 things together, I think that's sort of implied in your question, is you will get to free cash flow and EBITDA levels of '19 before you necessarily get back to demand levels of '19 because you have created a much more efficient cost structure. I think that is a reasonable assumption, and that is certainly what our models would show that when we get to the other side, because of what Kevin said and what I said, we will keep growing throughout. We will have more units producing on more normalized levels of demand against a lower cost base. The math is pretty easy. That means we're -- when we get to the other side of this and we're on a more normal time, we're a meaningfully higher-margin business because we have cut a lot of costs and we're going to continue to keep those costs out of the business with some basic inflationary pressures on growth. And so I can't give you a number. We're not going to give guidance of any sort, particularly multiple years out. But I think if you do basic math and assume what we've already said publicly, you can pretty easily get there. You can see what we're saying in unit growth. You can make your assumptions on REVPAR. We've given pretty solid guidance on. We think our G&A structure is going to be down 25% to 30% this year. My guess is it will be towards the higher end of that when it's all said and done, and then it's just arithmetic after that. So we're not going to finish the arithmetic part of it. We'll let you do it. But I think your baseline, I think what is implied in the question is correct. We will get to EBITDA and free cash flow of '19 before we would get to demand levels of '19 for those reasons. 
Christopher Nassetta: I don't think so. No, I don't think so. I mean, obviously, on CapEx, we've reduced CapEx numbers in this environment like every -- pretty much everybody on earth, certainly in our industry and most industries. I think as we get back to that, I think there's -- that will normalize and be more like it was, but there'll be efficiencies, I think, we'll garner on that. And I think, again, when you get to a normalized environment, I think the working capital things sort of go back to the way they were. 
Christopher Nassetta: That's a great question and one we talk about around the table I'm sitting at every Monday morning when we have our executive committee meeting. I mean the reality is, as you might guess, David, while that is -- I gave you a view of what I think, and I think most of our team thinks will be the -- sort of the contour of the recovery from this point forward. We're not counting on that. That is what we think, that is what we hope. Time will tell. I mean as my father used to say, "Son, fish where the fish are." And right now, the fish are where they are, which is certain -- a lot of leisure, frankly, not the typical leisure customers, the lower-rated leisure still. And business travel is a different type of business, smaller business, sales forces, frontline folks responding to the crisis. The group business, again, isn't the traditional group, but there are groups out there that are having to meet. We're housing a lot of -- nobody's back -- a lot of people aren't back in offices, so they need to have places to congregate, to have meetings since they're not in their office. You heard me talk about WorkSpaces by Hilton, using rooms as workspaces, particularly for people that need to get out of the house and need WiFi and need some space and privacy. And so I could keep going. All our marketing campaigns have shifted, as you've seen, if you've been watching that. All our efforts with Honors have shifted and pivoted. So we're quite mindful of what is going on, where the fish are, to use my metaphor, and intensely focused with our commercial teams on delivering and getting more than our fair share, which I'm happy to say we are. If I look at our relative results in this environment, we're doing very well vis-à-vis share, so we will continue doing that. But then the trick is, this isn't going to last forever. And so it's not like this will be our new strategy forever. It's great. We're honing some new skills that we didn't need to have. And when we get to the other side of this and we get back a more normal demand environment, we won't have -- let those muscles atrophy. But now we'll have other skills -- other tools in our toolkit, and pricing is all about generating a lot of demand. The more demand you can generate, the higher the price you can charge. And so as we think about it, it's sort of like really dig in and refine this toolkit. And as we get back to more normal times, take the best of both worlds to put more demand in the funnel to ultimately, intermediate and longer term, be able to price accordingly. We're super crazy focused. And think about it, we have -- we're a fiduciary for thousands of owners that are in the most difficult circumstances in their careers because this is the worst thing our industry has seen. And our job is to make sure that we're helping them build the bridge to the other side of this. And so it's one foot in the here and now, one foot in the future, but both solidly planted. 
Christopher Nassetta: They were about 20% in the quarter. And they'll be, as I think I already suggested in a prior comment, a bit more that for the full year. But we do expect that, that -- those percentages will creep up in '21 and '22. 
Christopher Nassetta: It's both. It's both. We're doing more. I mean while most of the benefit of conversions is going to happen in '21 and '22, we're getting some deals done that the world is opening up fast enough where we're going to open a bunch of incremental conversion hotels in the year for the year that we didn't think we'd open. Plus, yes, now I'd say the vast majority of things that were under construction, 90-plus percent of what was under construction when we went into the crisis is back under construction. And they're making really good progress. So we assume sort of a lag effect that when things got up and going, it would take a while for things to wind back up. But honestly, the construction trades around the world, particularly here in the U.S., were ready to go, and they've been worked -- ready to work. And so activity picks up a lot faster. So we're just -- those 2 reasons are why we're delivering more this year. 
Christopher Nassetta: Not much, no. I don't think much changed. A little bit more will open this year, which would have probably -- we would have assumed would have pushed into next year. So that pulls a little bit of that out of next year into this year. But we still feel -- as I said, it's not being evasive. It's just really early to be hyper precise. I mean we can -- at this point, we're deep enough in the year that 4.5% to 5%, we can be pretty precise because some stuff might fall in or out. But over the next few years, that's what I said, we think we're in the 4% to 5% range, and we're not -- you'll have to give us some time to ultimately get a little bit closer to be more precise. 
Christopher Nassetta: I think that's a really good question. I think it's a little bit premature. We have not changed long term our philosophy on return of capital. And that is -- we believe, when we're back in a more normalized environment, that we're going to produce gargantuan amounts of free cash flow. We don't need a lot of that to grow because we've got the best brands in the business, and we think we can continue to grow organically. Thus, that capital is best given back to our shareholders, largely in the form of buybacks. Our philosophy hasn't changed. It's a little bit premature to say exactly when we get back on that program. Obviously, our leverage levels have gone up as a result. If you look at our net debt, it actually won't have gone up year-over-year. But our  EBITDA, as you guys can calculate in your models, even though we haven't given you guidance, has gone way down. So we're going to want to see our debt-to-EBITDA levels come down before we start back up with a share repurchase program. That doesn't mean, by the way, that it has to come necessarily all the way back down to the ranges that we've historically said. But we'd want to see that we are solidly 2 feet in the ground in the next stages of recovery and that our debt-to-EBITDA levels are headed towards a more normalized level. And given where we are now, which isn't feeling really good about where we are and great about our liquidity and thinking the spring is going to be when we shift gears, I think all of those things, I said all these things, that we have to -- we want to see those things happen. So I think it's a fabulous question. I know people want to know. Hopefully, that gives you some context how we think about it. But we're not in a position at this moment to say when exactly that will be. 
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I think the vast majority will open, to answer the last one first. There may be a few here and there that don't. But I think it skews very heavily to urban destinations in the U.S. and then Europe. That's what it skews very heavily towards. I mean, obviously, with Europe going backwards, we still had more to open in Europe, and now they've gone back and locked down. So our progress there slowed. We may have some hotels go back into suspension in Europe. And then in the U.S., it's almost entirely big urban hotels -- the big urban markets that are suffering the most. 
Christopher Nassetta: Well, no. As we -- we don't -- actually, all of our owned and leased hotels are open at the moment. Now we do have some hotels that are in some of the parts of the world that are going back on lockdown... 
Christopher Nassetta: Yes, in Europe and the U.K. But -- so we could have some that go back. But at the moment, all of our owned and leased hotels are open. 
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. Well, it's probably not going to shock you. I mean we are a booking business, by the way, in the year for the year still and not in significant amounts. But as I said earlier, it's for unique types of group meetings, smaller corporate meetings in lieu of people being in the office, sports-related group and groups related to recovery efforts and crisis-related efforts. As you look at more traditional group bookings or rebookings, because obviously, our objective is to try and rebook everything evenly possible that is getting canceled this year. And we've done, I think, a very good job of doing that. I would say at this point, while we're booking a lot of -- booking and rebooking increasingly significant business into next year, I would say very little of it is into Q1. Some of it is into Q2, and the bulk of it is into Qs 3 and 4. And that's for the reasons -- it's sort of been implied in most of what I've said. I think everybody is sort of like on hold for the winter season. Let's get through the flu season, let's get these vaccines sorted out through Phase III and see if we can't start putting shots in people's arms. And so if you're planning a big group meeting, you just -- at this point that you're in November, you're not doing it in the first quarter. You're a little hesitant on second quarter, although some of that's happening. But the bulk of what we're booking, which is picking up at a pretty good velocity is in the second half of next year and beyond. 
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I think it's -- commonsensically, the reason we're seeing it is because I do believe we have a lot of owners that are still very, very strong. I think they're of the mind that if you're going to build, the best time to build is during down cycles so that you deliver things into an up cycle. I think many of them fall into our sort of select service development community. And they're looking at this as an opportunity to maybe pick better sites with the best brands and sort of lock their position and then go out and see if they can get it financed and get it going with the belief that they'll deliver into a significant upswing. And so I would say there's certainly some -- I mean I'd just let -- Kevin answered it. There's certainly some new owners. But I'd say it's really our -- almost all of it, my sense is, anecdotally, is from our existing owner base. The other thing is, this is the stuff that can get done, right? I mean, by the way, this was the trend pre COVID. The bulk of -- if you look at the U.S., particularly, the bulk of what was getting done in the U.S. was all in the limited service space. That was true then. It's even more true now just in terms of the economic model behind it, the margins that they can run, cost to build and all that fun stuff. So I think it's -- I don't think it's a particularly new thing. I think our brands are really, really strong. They deliver incredible share. I think people want to take advantage of the crisis to position themselves with the best opportunities for when they get to the other side. 
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I don't think -- I mean what's interesting is I don't -- long term, I don't think it changes anything. I think if you looked at like our OTA percentages through Q2, they were tracking pretty consistent with where we've been over the last couple of years. Q3, they were up as we would have expected, just given the base of business, which was non-frequent, non-loyal leisure business during the summer that was -- that is more OTA-oriented. So it was up not in any alarming way, but it was up. And we expected it, and we wanted it to be up in the sense that we wanted access to those customers. Our attitude on the long term hasn't changed. Our attitude with the OTAs is they've been good partners for certain types of business. We love working with them through the crisis. There's been plenty of pockets of demand that have been helpful to us and our ownership community work with them on. But at the same time, as you point out, we've been on a long-term trajectory. And during COVID, similarly, to build more direct relationships, build more loyalty, give customers more reasons through what we're doing with our digital platform, what we're doing with Honors, that value proposition and the like, what we're doing now with CleanStay and cleanliness and hygiene and all of the things that have come out of the COVID crisis to give people more reason to want to come directly to us. And so in a more normalized demand environment, I think the things that we've done in the crisis are going to put us in a really good position to continue down the path of building even more direct relationships and even more direct business. In the interim, we're going to obviously do a bit more business with the OTAs because it's the right thing to do. In terms of distribution mix, the majority of our distribution comes from direct channels. Almost 3/4 of it comes from direct channels. I mean the thing that's been interesting, there's been some shift outs, which wouldn't surprise you. I mean if you had asked me this a year ago, I would have said, "Gosh, it's hard to imagine." But what's happened is our percentage of direct has stayed about the same. It's just shifted where hotel direct has gone way up, and our -- and digital channels, other channels have gone down, which seems crazy, but it's just the type of business. And people -- literally, we have 2/3 of our businesses booked within 7 days and like 40% of it almost is booked within the day. And so it's a lot of like drive-through business. People pick up the phone and call like the old days. Obviously, that won't be maintained. And then the OTA swap-out, so the OTAs have gone up a little bit. But what has gone down is the GDS on the other side. We could argue about GDS sort of effectively being a direct channel the way we think about it, but we don't. But what has happened is the GDS has gone down because the traditional corporate business that comes through that has evaporated to a large extent, and it's been replaced by OTA-type business. So ironically, when you net it all out, we're almost in the exact same place. But sort of a funny world for the moment, I have every expectation as we get to more typical demand levels that those things will all go back to more normal -- a more normal trajectory. And I feel very good about what we're doing vis-à-vis Honors and our customers to keep building direct relationships. 
Christopher Nassetta: Good, a really good question. And it doesn't really change my view in the sense that I won't make you suffer through the whole thing because you guys know us. But I do believe that's fundamentally a different business. We're in the branded business where we take very consistent product, very consistent service delivery, amenities wrapped in with a product, loyalty, we wrap it all together, and we sell it for a premium versus something that satisfies the customers' needs But is not going to have the consistency, the service, the amenities. Could have loyalty, but at the moment, it doesn't really have loyalty and it results -- as a result, more of a value proposition. I just think we fundamentally believe we're in the hospitality business and we get the premiums we get because we do something different and that our business is good and that their business is good, right? But they're -- and while they're related, they're -- fundamentally, we're trying to do different things. Now I'm not at all surprised. I had every expectation that this would be good for them. Just think about what I said about where the business is coming from. The bulk of the business this summer was value-oriented leisure business. That is like a bull's eye for those platforms. And so that's great for them. And if you had an expectation that, that is all the demand that was going to be available, that this was a secular shift, it would be an issue. I do not believe that. I believe that when we wake up in 2 or 3 years and incrementally over those 2 or 3 years, we will get back to a more normalized environment in terms of demand. And that what we do, that people have been willing to pay a big premium for, they will continue as we get through this crisis to want to stay with us and pay us that premium. They will also, for certain stay occasions, want to stay with them for a different type of value proposition. So it wasn't surprising to us at all. It makes all the sense in the world just given the -- if you look at the bucket of demand, the biggest bucket of demand that's out there at the moment. 
Christopher Nassetta: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us. I hope everybody that didn't get rest get some rest today. We'll see what happens with all of these crazy elections here in the U.S. We appreciate the time. Obviously, a lot going on in the world, a lot going on with the business. We feel, as I said in my comments, really good about the progress. I think we're set up, certainly from a liquidity point of view, in a really good place, but I also think in terms of what we've been doing for our ownership community, what we've been doing with our customers, how we've been taking care of our teams, what we've been doing from a cost structure point of view. I do believe in my heart of hearts that when we get to the other side of this, we're a bigger, better, stronger, more efficient higher-margin business. And so we'll look forward to continuing to update you on -- as the journey unfolds. Thanks, and have a great day. 
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Shaun. Look, I think the -- I'll take the second part first. I think the answers are obviously pretty very related. The relationship we have with our owners, I'd describe as really positive, I mean, just to put that framework out there. I think everybody is doing the best they can. And I think people, to the extent that they can pay us, are paying us. And obviously, you saw over the third quarter with a burn of plus or minus $100 million. That was sort of, I think, better than most people's expectations, including our own. So, so far, we're having a very good experience on collections. And again, everybody is doing the best they can. In terms of going forward, are we at breakeven? I'd say we're getting there. I think all things being equal on collections, and if we have a similar experience over the course of the fourth quarter, I'd say we'll be equal to or maybe slightly better than the third quarter will be the fourth quarter experience, again, if things kind of go the way we think they're going to go or they go the way they've been going. We do have a couple of timing items like we have a pretty large interest expense payment that just hit in October and things like that. But again, I think all things being equal, it will be equal to or better than the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And what does it take to get to cash flow positive? We're almost there, probably just a little bit more -- a little bit better demand and a little bit better operating performance then you're there. 
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, Robin, I'd just add a little bit to that. I mean I think the way you're thinking about it logically makes perfect sense. I think, though, you got to think about when we first said, half or a little bit better. We were at the very beginning of the crisis in the depths of it. And construction -- and a lot of construction, as Chris said, had been suspended, and we really didn't know when it was going to come back online. So we're just -- we're further into it. We've had a better experience with construction getting back up and running than we thought. And I wouldn't sort of overthink the way it affects the future years. 
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, it skews. It skews heavily towards the management franchise, almost -- well, I would say very heavily towards managed and to a lesser degree, franchised. 
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Rich, I'd say generally, I don't think we will come out of this with a materially higher liability than we have. If you think about the -- it's a complicated equation of what we take in and what we put on the balance sheet in terms of the liability. But it all -- it does self-regulate in the sense that when rates are lower, the cost of redemptions is lower, the folio charges are lower. And we run the whole thing generally breakeven. And so it's not a material contributor either way to our cash flow. There is a portion of the credit card remuneration that is ours. As you can imagine, credit card spend is down. So those -- that remuneration is down, although not nearly as much as RevPAR. So it's not a big swing one way or the other. 
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. And probably just worth adding, Anthony, we did mention that in the prepared remarks. That was quarter-over-quarter growth, I think, in signings in focused service. I'd say, broadly speaking, the skew between existing owners and new owners, probably a little bit more existing because I just think you have to be pretty well healed in the development world to get something done at this point. But worth noting that our -- both our approvals and signings over the course of the third quarter were about 1/3 full service, 2/3 limited select service or focused service and pretty well distributed geographically. And that's all pretty consistent with prior -- what we -- our experience in prior quarters and prior years. So not a lot new there. 
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. In China, for -- during the third quarter, China was about 50% leisure, 30% corporate, 20% group. So that was a little bit less leisure and a touch more group than in prior quarters. I actually don't have in front of me where it was to prior peak. I suspect still skewed more towards leisure than it would have been on a normalized basis. 
