Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I mean, we gave a lot of commentary on rate growth in the sense of giving you as much visibility as we had to represent the strength that we're seeing. I mean, we're wonderful, as I said in my prepared comments, inflation hedge because we can reprice every minute of every day. And as demand has picked up, we have certainly been able to do that, and we expect that we will continue to be able to do that. I think as the year goes on, we expect the largest part of RevPAR growth to come from rate growth. We obviously expect to see occupancy growth as well. But I think net-net, it will be majority driven by rate. In terms of the segments, leisure, broadly remains quite strong. I mean, right now, I think the number is consumers still have $2.5 trillion of excess savings that they accumulated during the pandemic in their pockets. While people have been out traveling a lot more than they had maybe a year ago, there's still a lot of people that haven't and a lot of people that really want to get out and have experiences. And so people that we have pretty full employment. People have a lot of money in their bank accounts. And I think now feel quite safe broadly, certainly here in the U.S., not everywhere in the world. Obviously, the world is a big place, but in the Western world feel safe going out. And so we expect to see very strong leisure continue. I mean we think we'll probably have the biggest leisure summer we've ever had, only to surpass last summer, which was the biggest leisure summer we had ever seen, prior to what I think we'll see this summer. And then as we get into the fall and as people go -- are back more in the office, which we certainly are seeing now and expect to see more of, we're seeing, as I articulated and Kevin did as well, we're seeing a very nice uptick in return to business transient and return on the group side.  The group side lags a little bit as we know. There's more planning involved in that, but we think the second half of the year is going to get stronger and stronger. And business transient, even over the last couple of months, we've seen pick up. And notably, and something I commented on in my prepared remarks, we've even seen the large corporates start to come back, where March was only 12% down. And April, you can assume was better. We don't have all the data on the breakdown in April, but certainly broadly, business transient was even better in April. So businesses have a lot of pent-up demand, needs for travel. Balance sheets are very, very strong. Profits are very strong. Liquidity is very, very strong. And so I think the combination of that, with what's going on with the consumer, and then sort of the icing on the cake is the group side, where there's just so much new demand, but then pent-up demand, all of which I think will start to converge here in the second half of this year and into next year. I think puts us in a place where we feel really good about the short to intermediate term, and both the demand side, but particularly the rate side. And again, the reason I gave, the stats I did about forward-looking booking trends on the transient side, which obviously only is so far out. But on the Group side, was that we really are seeing the ability to drive pricing power like a lot of industries are, but certainly makes us -- gives us the optimism that has led to our judgments on both giving guidance, but also on our return to capital program and the like.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. Well, let me -- first, in terms of the mix, it's probably worth stating because I commented a teeny bit in my prepared comments. You're right, business transit sort of the mix pre-COVID was plus or minus 55 business transient, 25 leisure transient and 20 group. If you look at, sort of what I would sort of call, the bottom of the recession driven by the pandemic, it went to 35 business transient, 55 leisure and 10 group. Now it's 45 business transient, 39 leisure and 16 group.  And I've been saying this so pretty much for 2 years. In the beginning, people maybe thought it was crazy, but that when we wake up and this sort of flushes through the system and we get fully on the other side of it, that business mix is going to look an awful lot like it did pre-COVID. And I think we're on our way to that. And so I think when we look -- maybe not , I think leisure transient will probably remain elevated for a while. But I think it will -- it is regressing to the mean, and it will look more like it did than like it has looked, in '23 and certainly in '24.  In terms of broader pricing pressures, as all that comes back, not to be pedantic about it, but it's sort of the laws of supply and demand, economics, which is, if we have a product that's in high demand and increasing demand, and there's not a lot more -- there's not enough supply and not a lot is being added, which is sort of the case in terms of what's going on with all of our segments increasingly so in midweek and that's only going to increase and then you compound that with getting a decent group base starting in the second half of the year and the next year, I think we'll have meaningful pricing power next year, just because the laws of supply and demand suggest we should. And I think they're alive and well.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. Well, I mean, the guidance we gave is the guidance we gave. First of all -- I mean I think, Shaun, there are -- it's a good question. I think there are some comp issues in certain months. But honestly, if you listen -- if you replay what I just said in response to Carlo's question, we believe that we're going to continue to see a very strong leisure demand base and an increasingly strong leisure -- business transient and group base as we march through the next few quarters of this year and into next year. So we're not trying to signal in our guidance that we think there's something going on from a weakening point of view. We think things are strengthening.
Christopher Nassetta: I think that's right. The only thing I'd sort of add to that, and Kevin said earlier in his comments is, inflation is our friend and it's our owner's friend. So if you look at what we've done in the system during COVID as a result of sort of going through every granular, standard for every single brand, we've been able to drive a lot of efficiency at the hotel level. At the same time, obviously, labor costs have been going up. But when you put all of it into the gonkulator, so to speak, with the savings we've created with the inflationary pressures, which are driving their rate up, and obviously, expenses aren't 100% of revenues. So they've got a positive -- they've got positive leverage there.  Even in the face of increased labor costs, we are very confident that across all of our brands on a sort of comparable basis, margins are higher. So the enthusiasm in our owner community and why, as Kevin rightly pointed out, we think signings are going to be up is, that our brands are doing great. They're driving great cheer and people are optimistic with recovery, but they're also looking at an equation where they're going to be able to drive higher margins on the other side.  Now we have to have the financing market sort of continue to input cost, all that, which will take a little bit of time. And in the meantime, we're having great success in the conversion world. We're going to probably, as Kevin said, increased conversions this year relative to last by 600 basis points of total NUG delivery. So we feel pretty good about where we are.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I think at a high level, Smedes, the way I think about Europe is, Europe is recovering quite nicely, not Eastern Europe, but the bulk of our business in Europe is driven by Western Europe. And Europe is not quite as far along as the United States, but has been motoring along. Kevin gave you a few of the stats that I think support that. So we expect, like the U.S., Europe -- Western Europe to continue to recover. Our expectation is Eastern Europe for the foreseeable future is going to be quite challenged. But again, a very, very small insignificant part of the portfolio being impacted by that. And China, obviously, a more complex situation. We have a view. We have forecast, which is why we can build it in and give guidance. I think our expectation is in the second half of the year, as China goes through a process of locking down some of the major cities and then reopening them, that China is going to reopen for China at a minimum. Not necessarily China opening for international arrivals. But as we saw in the early stages of the pandemic when China got way ahead of the rest of the world, when China opens for China in China business, our business does quite well and can recover very, very rapidly.  So our expectation is second half of the year, you will see China start to reopen really with more benefit in the fourth quarter and into next year than in the third quarter.
Christopher Nassetta: Booking windows are extending as you might guess. I think within 7 days, it's now -- it had gotten to be a vast majority at the worst of COVID was booked within 7 days. I think we're approaching in April 50-50, plus or minus, like 50% of the business within 7 days, 50% longer. So huge, huge improvement from where we were.
Christopher Nassetta: 75% direct. We didn't give an OTA percentage, we typically wouldn't. But we're in sort of the pre-pandemic, we were in the very low teens, which is what we sort of believe the efficient frontier is for the business to be able to drive the best results for our ownership community. And I would say in the quarter, we're basically there, plus or minus.
Christopher Nassetta: We didn't. I think the answer to the first question is, yes. I do think '23 will be back at -- for group, will be back at '19 levels. We did not give a stat. I think the stat from the best of my memory is about 15% down versus '19 at the moment for '23. But as I articulated in the prepared comments, our sales folks can hardly keep up with all the leads that are coming in for the second half of this year and particularly into next year. And so I think just given the trajectory of how this recovery has occurred and what we've seen sort of in the year for the year business. I wouldn't read a whole lot into being 15 down for next year.  We have plenty of time to book that. And importantly, the rates are basically low double digits at the moment. The book business is low double digit higher than '19. And so part of what we're obviously trying to do is maximize the outcome, rate flows really nicely for our ownership community. So we're not -- we really don't want to rush too much in this kind of inflationary environment, because we know the business is going to be there, and we want to put it on the books at the highest rates possible.  And so we're sort of taking our time and metering it out. I suspect, as I said, next year, we will be at volumes similar to 2019 when we're done with 2023 and at rates much higher than 2019.
Christopher Nassetta: We -- yes, I mean I'd say first on the labor front, there are still significant issues that we're seeing, both in what we manage and as we talk to our franchise community, what they're seeing. Over the last 6 months, we've seen a very significant increase in labor coming back into the labor force and our ability to get folks in the hotels, which obviously are needed, given the demand profile and the increases in demand across all segments, as I already described. So we're not all the way anywhere near where we want to be, but the issues are not -- they're not as extreme as they had been at other points in the pandemic, including recently.  In terms of customer satisfaction, I think, listen, I think all service industries have suffered, and we're right there along with the rest of them. We've been intensely monitoring and we have all sorts of ways to do that, both through social, but our own tracking systems that we call self satisfaction and loyalty tracking. And what I've seen is those numbers that had sort of bottomed out in the middle of the pandemic have started to come back and go the other way, as we've been able to get labor and bring some of the services back. Our social scores, I think the last I saw lead the industry and have been moving up in a positive way. So we have -- we're not satisfied with what we're doing right now. I think the team sitting at this table would say, I've been pounding the table a lot. We like what we're doing. We're on a good trajectory. We need to get more labor back in. We need to restore more services, get food and beverage back on track and other services. And we're obviously sensitive -- very sensitive as you sort of implied in your question to the cost structure for our owner community. But the reality is the demand is there, and we're charging for it. So we have to deliver the experience or ultimately we're going to impair our ability to continue to drive rate, if we don't deliver the basic experience.  So I'm confident we will, our owner community broadly. You talk to a lot of them, but I talk to tons of them. They're broadly understanding of it. They're supportive. They're seeing the pricing pressure and they realize that we have to work together to get there. We have been -- as I mentioned in my earlier response, we have been super crazy focused on making sure that when we get to the other side of this, this is a better setup for our owner community than what we had before the pandemic. And we continue to work really hard on that, and we're confident, on a comparable basis, that they will be in a better place and that inflation is their friend, it's our friend and the cost savings and initiatives that we -- that we pursued and implemented during COVID are going to pay dividends for a long time to come.
Christopher Nassetta: Yes. I've been doing this a long time, and we've been studying this a long time, and in fact, got our team to update, R Squared on this, just so we could be technically accurate, I like numbers. And the reality is if you go back over long periods of history, there is not a very high R square. There is not a very high correlation. In fact, there's a very low correlation between what's going on with fuel prices and demand in our business. You can go back to like the '08, '09, when oil hit 150-plus a barrel, and we went, looked at all those periods. And there's not a very high correlation.  I think it has a lot to do with the consumer psychology, which at the moment, there are certainly lots of fears and uncertainty about where the world goes. But at the moment, as I said, the consumer has an abundant amount of savings as do businesses and a burning desire to sort of get out there and do business and/or experience the world having been locked up a lot more than they would have liked to. So we're not really seeing any of it. Now there's also a phenomenon that is we'll shift around, but if you looked at our business prepandemic, sort of roughly 2/3 of the business, 60% to 2/3 were fly to and the rest were drive to.  That's flipped around during the pandemic. And it's still disproportionately, the majority right now even with where we are in recovery, are people driving. So part of this is there's -- now gas prices are going up, too, but maybe not proportionately as much as the airline ticket is. So there is a little bit of a substitution effect that I suspect is going on with people deciding they'll drive a little further, right? They kind of got used to COVID like, hey, it might have been a 2- or 3-hour sort of limit, before and now it's a 5-, 6-, 7-hour limit for what they're willing to endure to drive.  And so it's a long-winded way of saying, we have not seen resistance and we do not, in looking at very detailed analysis of R Squares, we do not historically see a lot of high correlation.
Christopher Nassetta: And if you look at the regions of the world, I mean, the U.S. has always been a predominantly sort of franchise-oriented environment. If you look at our makeup here, it's a majority -- vast majority of its franchise. 10 years ago, there was no franchising going on in Europe. Today, they is. So we have a much more sort of blended approach. It's like 50-50. If you went to Asia Pacific, five years ago, 7 years ago, it was 0 franchise. Now franchising is, particularly in China, is growing, and it's an opportunity for us, particularly with mid-market brands, to be able to create a network effect much, much faster.  And we feel super confident in our ability to manage a franchise system. I don't think there's anybody better in terms of delivering great product and great service to customers. So it's driven a lot by sort of the owner desires and sort of the evolution of the business around the world as different parts of the world mature.
Christopher Nassetta: Thank you, Chad, and thank you all for joining us today. I think you could probably hear the enthusiasm in our voice. It's been quite a couple of years, but I do believe that the decisions we made, the actions we took during the pandemic have put Hilton in the best position it's ever been in from the standpoint of driving performance, margins, driving free cash flow and returning capital to shareholders in the years to come. We're super excited about what we think is going to play out for the rest of the year, and we'll look forward after the second quarter to updating you on that progress. Thanks again for the time today.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, Shaun. I mentioned this in my prepared remarks that may have been a little garbled, but it implies that high end of the range, it implies 3.5x. So embedded in that, yes, we've said and I said it in my prepared remarks that we continue to think about potentially increasing leverage modestly over time. We think the balance sheet is shown that it can handle a higher level of leverage and the business can handle a higher level of leverage given what we just went through.  And -- but there's still a lot of uncertainty in the world. And so we're starting with effectively 0.25x increase at the midpoint by saying we're at the high end of the range, and we'll take it from there.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, sure. No problem. Look, we -- we're giving you the guidance. So we're highly confident that we can achieve it. Obviously, a lot of the stuff that's going on and that's going to deliver this year is construction in progress, and we have a pretty good handle on that. I mean getting back to where we were before. I mean Chris said it in his prepared remarks, over the next few years, getting back to 6% to 7% is going to mean that starts need to start getting back to where they were.  Now starts this year, we think, will be about flat maybe slightly down. That will be down in the U.S., up in international, which is consistent with what we've been saying. We're still going to start 66,000 rooms for construction this year, which we think is still a pretty good rate of conversions. And then we think that on a run rate basis, and some of that's going to be filled in by conversions. I mean, we mentioned some of that in our prepared remarks. Conversions, we think, are going to be up, were up 35% in the first quarter -- year-over-year. We think they're going to be up around 25% -- to about 25% or higher of our deliveries this year, so that will help fill in.  And then we think we'll get back to that run rate on a run rate basis sometime in 2024. We think we'll be back to the 6% to 7%.
Kevin Jacobs: Oh yes, sorry, China, sorry. Yes. Look, China, what's going on now is that's very much in that part of the world, a face-to-face culture, right? So the fact that they're locked down in Shanghai, a little bit in Beijing, and other places is stopping signings temporarily, but we still think we're going to be up slightly in terms of construction starts. And we think we're going to open about 20% more rooms in China this year than we did last year. And so we think that once you get past kind of what's going on there on the ground, that there's plenty of pent-up demand for the product, and once people can start moving around, we'll be back to sort of business as usual in China.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, sure. I think, look, it is -- this year's guidance implies a little bit lower than last year -- for a start. It is up over 2019. It's largely a good news story, as we've talked about on prior calls, right? I mean -- and it's almost entirely key money. It's not to say that, we never do a little bit of credit support or a little bit of a handful of mezz loans here and there, but it's almost entirely key money that has that elevated from pre-pandemic levels. There's some great deals. Last year like Monarch Beach and -- are all inclusive into Loom and deals like that -- Resorts World Las Vegas was 1 of the big ones.  And so those are great deals to win. Some of them are -- sometimes their conversions as in Monarch Beach, and so they're in the year for the year deals, and they get a little bit of expensive at the high end, as we've talked about. This year's guidance implies a little bit lower than last year, and we'd like to think it will be around there for the next couple of years, because we'd like to think we continue to win more than our fair share of these great deals.  And I think what I'd say overall in closing is, I think it's still only 10% of our deals, 90% of our deals require no capital support from us whatsoever. And I think that our contract acquisition cost still holds up pretty well versus our competitors.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, happy to, David. I think that, look, the factors are well known, right? Input costs are up. You've got tightness in the labor markets. You've got input prices in terms of commodities. You've got financing. All of which has been the case for a while. And believe it or not, despite what you read, it's actually easing a little bit at the moment, but it's still elevated. And that's all baked into the guidance, right? That's why construction starts will be flat to slightly down this year. Otherwise, they would probably be up materially. They're down 25% roughly to where they were in 2019.  Demand for the product -- based on the optimism and the outlook, demand for the product is actually up. I mean we think our signings will be up in the mid- to high single digits this year. And there's that same level of optimism in terms of people wanting to get the project started, it's just being held back by the factors that you're talking about. So those factors are there. They'll probably be there for some period of time. And we think like all things that are cyclical, they will ease over time. And then the fact that our signings are up is what gives us the confidence to believe that our starts will go back to where they were roughly in 2019 and that our NUG will go back to 6% to 7%.
Kevin Jacobs: Well, sure. I mean, look, first of all, I'll start out with -- I implied this or I said this in my remarks that portfolio -- the performance in that portfolio is improving, that is starting to turn around. It's been concentrated in parts of the world that have been a little bit behind from a COVID recovery perspective, Central Europe and Japan, in particular. As that portfolio recovers, it will contribute meaningfully to our growth rate, meaning the EBITDA in that portfolio is going to grow at a much higher rate over the next couple of years than the overall fee business is. And so it's going to contribute positively to our growth.  So finding a positive there to your question, and we think that from an EBITDA perspective over the course of this year, it's going to turn positive, and then we actually think it will be positive -- slightly positive as an EBITDA contributor this year. And then I think what we can do is what we've been doing, right? I mean we have quite a large portfolio of leased assets when we inherited the company. We've chipped away at it such that it used to be 9% or 10% of the EBITDA of the business on a stabilized basis, it is going to be sub 5% of the -- even when it recovers over the next few years at a higher rate than the overall business, the fee business continues to grow. We shrink the lease portfolio over time. It's going to be less than 5% of the business over time.  We got out of 7 leases last year. We allowed 4 of them to expire and then -- because we couldn't come to terms with the landlord on renewing them or we didn't want to be there, and we converted 3 of them to management or franchise agreements, so they stayed in the system and they moved from the capital heavy part of the business to the capital-light part of the business. So we'll continue to take those opportunities over time. And that will end up being a positive as we shrink that business and grow the rest of the business over time.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. It should be -- Patrick, it should be pretty similar to -- the rooms under construction are about 80% international. I don't have the sub-breakdown in front of me right now for where it breaks out. But it ought to deliver a plus or minus what the rooms under construction are 20% in the U.S., about 80% outside the U.S.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Well, for openings, I think I said in 1 of my earlier answers, we think that openings -- rooms opened in China this year are going to be 20% up year-over-year.
Kevin Jacobs: Yes. Look, Richard, it's a good question. I don't have quarter-over-quarter shift in front of me. You're probably right, if you're looking at it, that it's a relatively big shift. Some of that is things converting to franchise, right? They're staying in the system. They're not necessarily coming out. And it's not strategic. We still -- our rooms under construction, like I said earlier, 80% outside the U.S., that's 50-50 managed versus franchise outside the U.S.  So the reality is we go where the demand is in the developed world, a little bit more demand at the lower end right now for new construction, right, and new deliveries. And so we fish where the fish are, right? And so the market takes us there. There's more customer demand and more owner demand a little bit, and again, in the developed world, towards franchising. And in the developing world, it's about 50-50.
Kevin Jacobs: Owner demand -- I mean customer demand for the product at the lower end and owner demand for franchising. So it's...
Kevin Jacobs: Yes, sure, on a normalized basis and you pre-Covid the U.S. is about 95:5, right? About 95% of the customers comes from inside the U.S. 5% outside. Now in big cities like New York, San Francisco, L.A., that could be up to 20% for cross-border. That obviously plummeted during COVID, right, to near 0 and now is actually approaching pretty close to normalized mix, both in the U.S. and Europe. Europe is more about 2/3, 1/3 within the region and outside of the region. And again, that's actually back to approaching levels where it was pre-COVID as the world is opening up.
