Christopher Crane: Thanks, Jack. We do appreciate the time. And we've had a lot to be proud about at the company, but we're not happy with the outlook that we see at ExGen.  As Jack talked, we're taking actions. The limited liquidity in the forwards beyond 2017 and the true lack of discipline by uneconomic generators are distorting the market.  That said, we're not just going to sit around and wait on the power markets to recover. As we said, we're taking further actions to control our future at ExGen, aggressively managing our cost across -- or even against these forwards, cutting $100 million in cost from 2018 and $125 million from 2019 on top of the $400 million we've already cut across the business. And we're pursuing the compensation for the 0-carbon attributes of our plants, as we've done in New York.  We are optimizing the fleet. All of this brings us back to the value proposition. We're targeting the best-in-class utility EPS growth of 7% to 9% through 2020. The strong free cash flow at ExGen will provide the incremental equity needs at the utilities as we focus on debt reduction at the ExGen. We're focused on optimizing the value of our ExGen business by seeking the fair compensation for the carbon pre-generation fleet and closing uneconomic plants. We will be opportunistically -- that's a good word, to selling assets where it makes sense to accelerate our debt reduction plans and maximize value through the gen-to-load matching strategy, which had another big quarter. We'll continue to focus on sustaining strong investment-grade credit metrics, growing our dividend in a consistent visible manner.  And I want to thank you for your interest, and now we're ready to take questions. 
Christopher Crane: I'll let Jack fill in the details. On our nuclear fleet, overall, in the past 7 to 10 years, we have made significant capital investment to prepare the plants for their extended life. You can see our reliability numbers reflect the investment that's been made, so we do not see any significant increase in capital. Actually, we're seeing the decrease in capital, in maintenance capital, because of the massive improvements that we've made. On the O&M side, there's been significant focus, not only at Exelon but across the industry, with industry initiatives to try to find ways to take what were old processes that were put in place that may be much more efficiently executed with the same results on a much lower cost basis, and that's the initiative that the Nuclear Energy Institute is performing. I can't speak to other fleets, but I can tell you that we have a very strong focus on capital, a very strong focus on efficiency. And the last thing we would do is cut into safety or reliability, and that's been a clear focus of mine throughout my whole career, and it will continue to be. Run the plant safely, reliably and very efficiently. 
Christopher Crane: It doesn't, and we'll evaluate that as we get into the integration. There's conversations now in the nuclear integration team on what is the best way to optimize. The security fences are next to each other. It's a very big site. So amalgamation of the complete site might be more expensive than it's worth, but there are other elements in and on the site that we can look for synergies around the support services and the executive management. 
Christopher Crane: Too early. We've got to get in and see and make sure that we maintain our design basis but look at everything possible we can to be more efficient. 
Christopher Crane: And in D.C., we're early in the process. We've made our filing. We're in data request now. Over 400, I believe, data requests are coming in. So there's going to be a lot of dialogue there, a lot of questions that we'll need to provide the sound answers for the basis of our request. 
Jonathan Thayer: Greg, I'd say we're feeling very good on the back of a very strong performance within the Constellation business year-to-date. There are some timing elements that keep us in that same guidance range. Obviously, the fourth quarter is an important one for that business, and we'll be tracking it closely. But I'd say we feel good about how we're trending, and that's reflected in our comfort in taking the guidance up across the company. 
Jonathan Thayer: I mean, relatively speaking, I think that's -- you're in the right direction. I don't want to give 2019 guidance at this point, but that feels right. 
Jonathan Thayer: We acknowledged we're selling the plants. Beyond that, Greg, I don't think it's probably right for us to comment on the process. 
Jonathan Thayer: So Jonathan, just building on what Chris said, starting with that focus on safety and reliability. As you might imagine, when you contemplate a program that, say, is $400 million across the company and you're turning over many stones, you identify additional opportunities. And so among -- we've got almost more than 100 initiatives that we've been looking at, and each will contribute approximately from $1 million to several million dollars. But whether it's corporate efficiencies in organizational design, nuclear fuel savings, contractor costs, in-sourcing rates, nuclear site security, automation, NRC fees reductions, property taxes, organizational design and centralization such as within our engineering group, outage costs, automation, I mean it's just a long list of activities. And we do have good line of sight on these opportunities. And I think building on the processes that we've put in place to target cost and seek efficiencies, I think our hope is that we may, in fact, even find more than what we're sharing with you today. 
Jonathan Thayer: And Stephen, just to build on that. I think you've heard us make strong comments about a focus on reducing leverage at the Genco to 3x debt-to-EBITDA. I think the reality is, in this current pricing environment, you're going to start to see others look at their outlooks and look at their leverage statistics and focus their efforts on generating cash. In order to do that, they're going to need to retire money-losing assets. So I think it'll force greater discipline on their part. We're already seeing some of that. I think there's a potential for consolidation and asset optimization around that and portfolio optimization. So I think we see a pathway for others to be disciplined as we have. But obviously, we need to see execution on that -- in that regard. 
Jonathan Thayer: I'd say, with respect to O&M, we're going to manage our plan tightly. And generally, there's not that much opportunity to move things quarter-to-quarter. The planning required for the bulk of our O&M takes months, if not years, and so I think you'll see us try and land pretty darn close to what we've shown you in the slides today. 
Jonathan Thayer: Primarily weather-related. So hotter-than-normal temperatures as well as storms, relative to what we budgeted, came in lighter. So beyond that, I think those were the major drivers. 
Joseph Nigro: Jonathan, it's Joe. We feel pretty -- we feel very strong we're going to be able to deliver on 2019. Part of the reason that number is down is because we've already executed more in that year than we would have at this point last year for 2018. So that's why you see a lower number. Our new business to go -- our new business in total -- or the business we're going to create in total between 2018 and 2019 is roughly the same amount, and we're comfortable that we're going to be able to meet these targets as we've done in the last 4 years. At your comment about margins and the renewal rates in retail, as I mentioned at Analyst Day, that market has remained stable. Our margins are right in line with what I talked about at Analyst Day. Our renewal rates remain strong. The acquisition of ComEd, although we've only had them for a brief period, is going well. We're very impressed with the way they run their operation, and we're integrating that into the Constellation business. So the retail business remains very stable, and we're happy where things are at this point and continue to monitor it. 
Joseph Nigro: Yes. And I would add, just from a market perspective, portfolio perspective, a couple of things. One is, on the market side, I think the illiquidity of the market is somewhat independent of what Joe is saying. I think it gets into the nature of market participants. As you're well aware, when you think about the financial institutions to start with that added liquidity in this marketplace in years past, we don't see nearly the depth of that. But what's interesting is the power markets have been illiquid for quite some time. But when you look at open interest just on the gas market, for example, we've seen a change there where it's very front-end loaded versus kind of the outer years. And I think what's important with that is -- and let me give you an example. When you look at the price change in the quarter in PJM, in particular, versus -- the end of June versus the end of September, you saw that the prices -- the price of gas in each of those years, when you include the basis prices weren't great, fell equally. Yet we dropped power prices more materially on the back end of the forward curve than we did in the nearby 2017, and that gets into some of the illiquidity in the market. As it relates to our portfolio, we take all these factors into account, both the things that we're doing internally with our other assets, we have an estimate of what other folks are going to do with their own assets. We've been very clear that we've been aggressively managing our portfolio as it relates to our ratable plan, and we'll continue down that path. The last thing I would add is that we talk a lot about the benefits of our Generation to Load Strategy, and we do it with both [ph] in the dollars. It also has a huge benefit from a market perspective because it doesn't force us to go to that illiquid over-the-counter market. We have a strong customer base and a very, very strong load serving business now that matches output of generation to quantity of load very well. And we're going to continue to grow that, and we've done it both organically very well and through acquisition with like Integrys and ComEd, and that's been a big benefit also. 
Joseph Nigro: So Stephen, I think the example I would give you is like when you look at coal-fired generations. When you look in the Eastern Interconnect between, call it, 2016 and over the next few years, we see almost 30 gigawatts of coal expected to retire, with almost 2/3 of that being done by the end of next year. The obvious examples are some of the plants that have been announced in Illinois and also in Ohio and the rationalization of that. Obviously, we've taken our own actions with our own power plants. We've seen others do the same thing beyond coal, and we expect more of that will continue if these low prices continue. Because when we look at it fundamentally, there are plants that are challenged economically that are still running that, really, the economic rationale isn't there for those to continue to operate. 
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, it's Joe Dominguez, Steve. We don't think there is really a difference. The program was fashioned after the REC programs. The distinction is that plaintiffs who are trying to create New York are not real. But they face the political problem, of course, that if they describe the lawsuit as also challenging the renewable programs, they're going to have a good deal more opposition. But the programs function essentially identically. The ZEC program is based on the cost of keeping resources in the market just as the renewables credits are the cost of keeping resources in the market, paying for the environmental attributes, recognizing that these assets get both wholesale and market revenues as well as attribute payments. But from our perspective, they function pretty much the same way. 
Joseph Dominguez: Sure. Stephen, this is Joe Dominguez again. So the way you ought to look at that transaction is the legal risk will shift to us, really, around the time we do the outage in January. So post January, you ought to think about us as effectively being the economic owner of that legal risk, subject, of course, to the approvals. But we're not going to be able to walk away from the transaction if something occurs post January that changes the ZEC program. And the logic there is, after the outage, we effectively have our fueling machine, and we've paid for the outage cost, so we're going to be the economic owner at that point, again, subject to regulatory approvals of the transaction. 
Joseph Dominguez: That's right. And we feel very strongly in the merits of the case. Otherwise, we would not have done this. 
