Kenneth W. Cornew: That's very well possible. I think -- now in looking at what's happened in January, we saw a significant decline in forward heat rates in the first week, week and a half of January. And then we did see a rebound in those heat rates at some level back to better levels but still not where we would expect them to be. I think liquidity is an issue, particularly in the out years. I believe there is -- there was some significant selling going on with -- the fear is that the gas market was going to continue to decline. I do think the stay of the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule had an immediate impact on forward power prices. So when you lump all these things together, you saw a lot of bearish sentiment in the market. Although some of that has recovered in the past week or so, I still see when I study spot market prices, spot market heat rates, when we look at our modeling, as I described in my commentary, I still see upside -- significant upside in the -- in heat rates based on the real fundamental factors that should be driving the market.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Greg, obviously, retail pricing follows, at some level, wholesale pricing. So it's not the answer to the price decline, but the retail channel is a channel that allows for incremental margin. It is a channel that allows for you not to transact in the standard or over-the-counter product markets and with the liquidity commentary you and I both have just brought up, it's always positive to have other channels to transact in cellular power besides over-the-counter markets and standard trading ones.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Okay, on retail margins, we have seen retail margins be cyclical and inversely correlated to price in natural gas cycles. However, there are a couple of comments to that. The market has not really been very cyclical in the last couple of years, and has been steadily declining. That competitive environment on the retail side, particularly in new markets, like Pennsylvania, where you do have many, many players looking for market share, has put pressure on margins. That being said, our -- in our business, we're seeing relatively stable margins in the areas where we're transacting.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Yes, Steve, on the next auction, obviously, there are a lot of moving parts to this auction. Some decline in demand, which would have some downward pressure on price, but several other elements that would have, I think, upward pressure on price. We have some net CONE and gross CONE changes that should be positive. We do have an ECR calculation concept in which coal plants will have higher ECRs year-over-year. But what really is, in my mind, going to drive this next auction is how DR, and particularly unlimited DR prices itself in the next auction. With tightening fundamentals, I would expect unlimited DR, if it clears in the auction to be utilized in this stack. So that's a big component. But all in all, I'm -- I feel positive about an uptick in the auction. But clearly, there are a lot of variables still in play that we need to ferret out.
John W. Rowe: Let me open the can and then defer this to Chris, who's the one who's going to have the responsibility to make the ultimate reality here. Of course, we're reassessing capital programs. How we look at them is different depending on where we look at them. For example, at ComEd, with the new Illinois Act, we are going to get stable returns on increasing capital expenditures. When it comes to the nuclear uprates, we're going to take a fresh and hard-boiled look at that them as we do every 6 months. And we'll obviously take our most recent views of gas and power markets into account. When it comes to like Exelon Wind, well, if the contract is good enough with a counterparty that's good enough, that has even different capital implications. So Chris is going to be going through the whole capital program with this kind of attitude in mind. And with that, let me let Chris expand upon it because he's the one who's got to do it, and he's the one that you got to rely on for making this all work in a way that protects your dividend.
John W. Rowe: Well, there were basically 3 parts to the nuclear uprate program, and 2 of the 3 parts were relatively low capital with relatively high returns. And now the ones that are left are the bigger capital requirements and the tougher decisions. Chris, why don't you pick up.
John W. Rowe: I think the important thing for you all to remember is, we probably have that optionality for another 9 months or a year. There comes a point when you have to either do these things or not do them. And Mike Pacilio was talking to Chris and I the other day, what he said was no news to Chris, but it was probably a good reminder for me, which is, "Don't just dither with these things and put them off." That doesn't work very well with large nuclear projects. So it's very important that we get very conservative, very hard-headed and reanalysis done over the next several quarters and make the right decision for you.
John W. Rowe: Well, the answer is no, but that's only half an answer. Of course, the other half is yes. The answer is no because it's not just a matter of gas price. It's a matter of gas price and how long it lasts. It's the amount of time it takes to get through. And so, obviously, the first things we do are things like reanalyzing the power uprates. The next thing Chris is going to do is hunt for ways consistent with all our commitments in places like Maryland to cut costs. And we're going to deliver the merger synergies we promised you. We're going to do all those things, and that buys us a fairly substantial amount of space. But $2.40 gas isn't jolly. If you're really going to project that for 10 years, we've got a problem here. So Chris, you or Ken want to pick up on Steve's question? I mean, I don't think there is a number, Steve, but there is a mixer -- a mix of numbers and time. I'm pretty sure that Chris has got several years to work with this, and he's going to be working very hard to make certain that we keep the dividend and the coverages. Chris, Matt, do you want to add to that? This is what it's all about.
John W. Rowe: I told you in one of my metaphors, Steve, that we were the hyena looking for the dead stuff on the road. There's going to be an awful lot for Chris to eat if we see these low gas prices continuing.
John W. Rowe: We're just a pack of pilgrims, and we want to keep your confidence as we march around in our grand black and white and gray outfits.
John W. Rowe: Well, I am going to talk about Slide 15. Stacie, thank you. As Steve Fleishman suggested, this I expect to be my last earnings call as CEO. And that's after 28 years of trying to be useful to all of you and to customers, all the way from little Skowhegan in Maine to here in Chicago. Obviously, I'm absolutely delighted to be able to end a very long career with what I hope and expect to be the completion of the Constellation acquisition. Exelon is a great company, and with Constellation and with Chris' leadership, it's going to be an even greater company. The only thing that could make me happier would be if power prices and earnings forecasts were back where they were in '07 and '08. That would make me happier because it would make you happier and make all of us richer. And that's the objective I've had in mind for all 28 years. But even though these aren't the best of times for Exelon, I'm still very proud that we have run this for our investors, and we've tried to do what Hugh Wynne suggested and give you straight numbers as soon as we know what they might be. And as I look at the situation, yes, I loved it when Exelon was 40% bigger than Southern, and I don't like seeing Southern and Duke and Dominion having more market cap than us right now. But the point I would like to make is before we regulate it, integrates are on the top of the curve, and we're right now in the trench. Things in '08 were too good for us to be true forever. Things right now won't be forever either. And while you wait for better times to come at Exelon, you can know that Chris will be working like hell to beat the computer projections. You know that we have as good a management team to do that as anybody in the industry, and you know that we have a very good dividend to sustain you in the meanwhile. But I did ask my colleagues to go back and try to come up with one capsule of what we have done for you during my years with ComEd and Exelon. And during my tenure, your TSR was 295%, that's more than 10% compounded through last week. And that beats both the S&P 500, which was only 4% for that period compounded, and the utility index has a little over 7% for the same period. And I say that when we're in the trough. Exelon will be back, I have a high level of confidence, and the people around me are those who will make it so. As Chart 15 suggests, there are a bunch of things that I am very, very proud of, none of which I did all by myself, some of which I made a large contribution to, some of which I mostly stayed out of the way for. But those include the merger that created Exelon and the one we're now doing with Constellation. It includes the sale of ComEd's fossil plants and putting Generation into a separate market-based business. It improves -- includes solving the reliability problems at ComEd, and we're going to help bring better service to Baltimore, too. It includes keeping our word in Pennsylvania when we did the merger there. I had a leading Pennsylvania public official say, "You're almost the only people who ever kept all their commitments in the acquiring jurisdiction." That's really important because in this business, they always know where to find you. I'm giving everyone Chris' home number, and he is very grateful. And if you don't keep the commitments, you don't have a very good field to play on for the next time. And one of the reasons we have been successful with Governor O'Malley in working out a deal is that people like Governor Rendell and Mayor Daley said, "When these guys give their word, they keep it." And it's very important, and we will keep our word in Maryland just like we have in Pennsylvania and in Illinois, and just like we have for you. I devoutly wish that I could leave you at a time when we have a higher stock price, but we have kept our words. We have focused entirely on what is good for our investors, and we have delivered over a very long time. We shall do so again. Thank you very much.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. I agree with everything that John said. In starting with the balance sheet, we main -- have maintained a strong balance sheet that gives us the room to weather these cycles, ending 2011 at over 50% FFO to debt gives us that room continuing to stress the balance sheet and analyze these capital projects that will continue. As we see them now, the uprates, and those are the ones that get closest to the bubble, we'll have to watch closely and we do. We'll continue -- well, we've got time between now and 2015. And the beauty of these projects is the ability to stop, slow -- stop or slow or accelerate as we see and not be stuck with a lot of -- some capital that makes us finish a project that may become uneconomic. So we feel good about them. And we feel there's a lot of time through 2012 to continue to analyze and look at the market. We see the trend, but we've got to understand the trend and the sustainability of the trend. And we'll -- as I said, we have time and room to make the decisions through '12 and into '13 on how we continue to support '15 and beyond.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. The first bucket was measurement uncertainty. It's a calibration method, allows us to get a few percent out of multiple units. The second bucket was on component replacement with new engineer standards, turbines, generators, more efficiency, and those projects are halfway through and are needed for plant life extension, but they also pay for themselves nicely with the returns on the more efficient components. And the third and the final bucket is most costly are the EPUs, the extended power uprates. They're at 3 facilities, LaSalle, in Illinois, Peach Bottom and Limerick. We continue to watch those closely. We have the Peach Bottom project proceeding on. We're in the early stages of the Limerick and the LaSalle project. We continue to watch them closely. They still have a positive -- they still meet the positive hurdle rates that we require them to. But the optionality around those, if we see the NiHub market can't support, for instance, we could stop the LaSalle project without any ramifications on maybe a stronger market in PJM West Hub or the East for Peach and Limerick. So that kinds of describes the optionality.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. I think it was slightly more than 1/3. They're putting it in front of me now. So the EPU total was $2.5 million, if I've got this right, out of almost a $4 million project -- billion, excuse me, billion, out of a 4 project. So it's over 1/2 of the spend. It was a more significant portion of the spend. And I think we've disclosed that a couple times before, and we'll make sure we put it in our update to you.
Christopher M. Crane: No. That's well stated. We've got time. We don't think these prices are sustainable. But if, for some reason, they are, we have time to make adjustments as required, and we're as committed to the dividend as ever, and it will never be a surprise to you. So the way we look at it, if we're in trouble, we're the lowest cost in the stack. Where is everybody else and how is this sustainable? So with the hedging, with room in the balance sheet, we have time and we'll prudently go through it. And you won't be surprised if something ever happens.
