Chris Crane: Thanks, Joe. Appreciate it. Turning to Slide 15, I’ll close on our priorities and commitments. We will meet or exceed our financial commitments, delivering earnings within our guidance range and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We will complete preparations to separate the business, including obtaining the regulatory approvals. At Exelon Utilities, we will prudently and effectively deploy nearly $6.6 billion of capital to the benefit of our customers and to help meet our state’s energy policy goals, and we will work with our regulators to ensure timely recovery of these investments. We will continue to advocate for clean energy and climate policies with the new administration commerce in our states to put the country on the path to meeting the carbon reduction goals that all desire. And we will continue to partner and support our customers in the communities that we serve. Thank you. And I’ll now open it up for questions. Before I do that, though, I have one error in my prepared reading. I said we’re at impasse on the nuclear issues on the bill. And that’s not where the impasse is. We’ve resolved the nuclear issues. We’re working with all the constituents on other elements. So just want to make sure that my blender, there didn’t go too far down the path of what the hell is going on. But with that, I’ll open it up for questions.
Chris Crane: I’m going to add a little bit more color on to Illinois and then let Kathleen talk about the federal side. The governor in his administration, the leaders in the legislature have a really tough job to do. They are bringing together coalitions that have, in cases different priorities and as a member of inputting into these coalitions, we’re at a point that we need to figure out how to best support our leaders, so they are able to execute on legislation that that supports all within the right timing, within the right economics. But we’re here to support and we recognize the tough job ahead of our leaders, especially in the legislature committee leaders being able to bring something to fruition. So I just want to make sure that we’re clear on that point. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kathleen to talk about the federal.
Chris Crane: I’ll let Kathleen start and then I’ll finish on the actual plant themselves and what we’re doing in what we see as a potential new market design.
Chris Crane: So, on the plant side, which should help inform what we need from the market side, Bryan Hanson, who is our Chief Operating Officer, who is on the phone for the GenCo, as the team – technical team working through what the design basis temperature would be that we would have to install capital to be able to reach that. The plants in Texas were never designed for the weather that we saw and especially the duration of the weather that we saw. So if we go to something much lower in temperature as a design basis. We have to look at what adequately would preserve the piping trace is an insulation. Is it other type of barriers and what’s the most economic way to get there? And Bryan, I don’t know if you want to add anything, but that team is well underway at this point.
Chris Crane: And that will definitely have to feed into what ERCOT is doing on market design. Just as we saw in PJM some years back on the reliability standards that they were looking for, there was an expense to that. We all were willing or many of us were willing to invest that into that reliability, but we have to have some assurance that we are going to get a return on that invested capital.
Chris Crane: It’s something that we see today. But we have seen this stance before. Something happens in the market, the near-term rises, it’s flat or low on the back side as we drift into the above years. We come right back down. And so we really have to focus on the long-term viability and the economics versus the cyclical nature of the markets, the lows and all the variables. We are agreeing to and support a significant renewable build-out within the legislation. We know that, that will have a depressing factor on prices as low demand periods with excess generation will bring the prices down, and that will drop not only the forwards, but the back here. So, it’s – there is consumer protection in the legislation that ensures we don’t over earn, but the – to bet on the come that these forwards are going to maintain and eventually lift the out years is a gamble that we are not willing to take.
Chris Crane: First of all, let me make it clear. We are not engaged and involved in that negotiation. And as far as the shutdown of the coal and the jobs issues that go along with that. We understand what the union is asking for. We understand what the governor is asking for, and it’s put on the lap of the legislative body to figure out what’s the right thing to meet the state goals, continue to have adequate employment certainty. And so it’s a tough situation. But I can say that’s not a fight that we are involved in. And we are very dependent on the support for our power plants to be maintained by our union partners, building trades in the IDW. They are very aware of the dire situation for the nuclear plants. So, I don’t think that their dedication to saving the jobs at these plants are in question. They have some other priorities and other constituents within their organizations that are dealing with issues. So, I would just leave it at that.
Chris Crane: Yes. I can tell you that each cost as we bring it back in, in 2022 will be scrutinized against what is the new workplace of the future, what’s the productivity we are able to achieve with these reductions. It is not a healthy recipe to forgo capital maintenance or required O&M maintenance and let the systems decay. So, you can buy yourself some time on some of those decisions. But at the end of the day, reliability on the system is critical and we will watch that. But there are other areas that there is teams working on reentry, looking at staffing needs as we go through the design of the organizations. As we look at the split, there are savings that we are not ready to announce yet, but that will be coming into play in each one of the companies in the design of the future state of two entities, strong entities working on their own.
Chris Crane: Yes, that – what you focus on at the start is making sure you attack the synergies. And that’s what we are doing. And then from there, when you are attacking the dissynergies, it will expose potential business ships and how we perform. So, we are working through that Bridget Reidy, our Chief Operating Officer of Corporate is leading. A lot of that as long as – along with our project management team that is daily following each one of the designs, staffing, expenses and will continue to report out to the senior team on where we are at on obtaining. The first goal is to try to minimize, neutralize, do away with any dissynergies. And then from there, what new efficiencies can we drive into the business.
Chris Crane: What happens at the end of cycle, which we are heading towards on these plants, your fuel becomes less and less effective and the term is coast down. And so you start power out of the reactor – thermal megawatts out of the reactor is reduced, which compounds to the electric megawatts produced. And so you get to a point that you are running within months or so period. You are running inefficient steam paths and inefficient operations. So, you make the call as to start and to shut the facility down. The one thing to reiterate in shutting down a nuclear plant, it is – the goal is you shutdown, you cool down, you disassemble the reactor, you offload all of the fuel into the spent fuel pool and you relinquish the license to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and there is no path back from that. There is no regulatory path back. And so what we do is start into the phases of the chosen decommissioning trust fund and it comes out of our expense column. It’s in the prefunded category of the decommissioning trust. So, it’s irreversible. And running a year is physically impossible. Running an extra month is very challenging on the steep supply system and maintaining adequate controls on the physics.
Chris Crane: I want to thank everybody for the time this morning for joining the call. We are working hard to run the businesses at best-in-class levels and taking the necessary steps to set up two strong independent companies. There is quite a focus on both of those goals, and we will continue to update you as we go along. We appreciate your support. And with that, I will close the call out.
Joe Nigro: Yes, Julien, if I understand your question, I think you’re asking with some of the what some of these larger companies and customers are looking for, is there an opportunity with our carbon-free generation to marry to them? And there is…
Joe Nigro: Yes. So I think there is, and that’s something that the Constellation team is looking at, and we’ve created some products already – When you look at renewable off takes that we back to third-party customers, large third-party commercial industrial customers, and we had some success in different areas doing that as well as some of the things you mentioned these large mining companies cryptocurrency type companies, and I’ll let Jim fill in the blanks on there.
Joe Nigro: Thank you, Chris and good morning Steve. It really isn’t that simple. In certainly Steve, it’s very important. As you know, the plants face near-term financial challenges, and as Chris said in his script, after legislation closes the plant is the right economic decision and obviously not an easy one. I would tell you, we have seen an uptick in energy prices many times before, never of the help. And when you look at it at the front end of the power curve is up more materially than the back end of the power curve in terms of pricing. In addition, we have seen capacity prices decline. The stability and certainty provided by a contract better address – clearly better address the financial challenges of these plants without being exposed to all this market volatility. In addition, the term of the contract helps obviously with things like capital planning and the efficiency of that, obviously, our workforce and personnel planning. And we just think it’s a much more certain outcome and...
Joe Nigro: Yes. Good morning. So, we did achieve more in the second quarter than when we had done our planning originally in Q1. What we would have expected to achieve, we expected most of the share [Technical Difficulty]. We have achieved somewhere between 20% and 25% of the offsets that we expected. And we said they would come in a number of areas, when you look at deferral of cost and one-time cost savings opportunities, whether it’s things like contracting dollars, holding labor vacancies, reductions in travel and entertainment expense, deferring non-critical maintenance capital, those types of things. There were some revenue opportunities when you see the improvement in treasuries. We talked about our technology ventures investments. So, we are ahead of what we expected to do at this point in the year. And we are continuing to work hard on delivering the balance of what we committed to.
Joe Nigro: Yes, I would just add one thing on top of what Calvin said, which I thought he did a very comprehensive job should be – as you know, we target 9% to 10% ROEs in all of our utilities. And this quarter, you saw us jump 50 basis points back across the composite to 9.4% and that factors into our 6% to 8% projection.
Joe Nigro: Yes. I think what we have said is a lot of that is one-time in nature. When you think about deferring some things that you, ultimately, need to get done. I talked about things like labor vacancies and contracting, travel and entertainment. At this point, a lot of that is one-time in nature. But what I would add to that is, as you know, Michael, we have done a good job across the enterprise and as well as at ExGen in really driving efficiency cost here in the last 5 years or 6 years. And we continue to look at new ways to do that, whether it’s leverage in technology or the scale of our business when you look at our supply organization doing a nice job in that area. And we will continue to challenge ourselves. But some of these costs specifically are going to be one-time in the nature.
