Christopher M. Crane: Thanks, Jack. Turning to slide 17, we remain firmly committed to our strategy and see progress in the first quarter. Whether it'd be the rate case settlements of PHI, the benefits of the scale on our storm restoration or establishing ZEC programs in New Jersey, our financial footing is very strong. Here again is our value proposition. We will continue to focus on growing our utilities targeting 7.4% rate base growth and 6% to 8% EPS growth through 2021. We continue to use free cash flow from ExGen to fund incremental equity needs at the utilities, pay down debt over the next four years at ExGen and the HoldCo and part fund a faster dividend growth rate. We continue to focus on optimizing value for ExGen business by seeking fair compensation for our carbon-free generation fleet in Pennsylvania as we have done with the ZECs in New Jersey, Illinois and New York. And this adoption of price formation in PJM and resiliency initiatives at FERC will also benefit. We continue to close uneconomic plants, sell assets where it makes sense to accelerate our debt reduction plans and maximize value through the gen-to-load match strategy. We continue to sustain strong investment-grade credit metrics and grow our dividend consistently at 5% through 2020. With that, operator, we can now open it up for questions.
Christopher M. Crane: I want to just follow up on one thing. I want to make it clear. We are not anti-gas. We think that the consumers in the country have really benefited from the plentiful low-cost gas. But as we look at the transmission system designs in the country, the N minus 1 concept that coordinates power flows across our system in the loss of major lines is a design basis. What we need is a design basis threat on the gas system to the electric system and ensure either redundancy in capacity for getting the gas to the plants or limit the dependency on the gas so we can keep the system up along with what Joe said on the environmental attributes. So, we don't have a combined gas- and electric-day coordination. We don't have a design basis threat to the gas system that would affect the electric system properly. And that needs to be worked out.
Christopher M. Crane: Yeah. We have good capital resources today. We have good sources of investments to make for customer satisfaction and reliability, so we'll continue on that path, but we have to maintain a very strong sensitivity to the consumer impact on excessive capital going on the system. We can install $8 worth of capital and keep rates the same by reducing O&M by $1. And that's what we have to be focused on is customer service, reliability and the impact on our consumers. So that will be our approach as we go forward.
Christopher M. Crane: So, I want to thank everybody again for attending the call and the questions. We're always available for any further details that you want going through Dan. We've had a good first quarter. We anticipate a good 2018. The work that's being done by all our operating groups continue to ensure that we maintain a strong balance sheet and deliver on the value proposition. I won't wear you out with my opinion of the valuation of the stock. We have had some improvement but as we execute we expect to see more improvement on that in the following quarters and year. So, with that, thank you very much.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: Hey, Greg. Good morning. It's Joe Nigro. It's a good question, Greg. And as you've mentioned, there is a lot of volatility expected in ERCOT this summer. And for us, it's not as simple as just selling the Generation output. As you know, we have a very big load book of business. So, we have to take that into account as well. And we look at those scenarios under a lot of different outcomes, be it higher prices and/or lower prices, and we try to set up the book accordingly. When you look at the disclosure here, we're simply mark-to-marketing the value of our open position in the open gross margin calculation, and there was a large uptick to the tune of about $300 million if it had been a fully-opened book. Offsetting that obviously is the mark-to-market of our hedges that are on the book, given the strong move and the sales we've made. And that nets to a gain in the portfolio of about $50 million. As for a holdback, any holdback would be relatively small in the overall total gross margin of the – over $8 billion that's expected, and we would do that given some of the uncertainty of outcomes that we expect.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: Yeah. The comment I made was in relation to 2018, Jonathan, but you could think similarly not in magnitude of dollars because we haven't seen the absolute price change that we saw in 2018.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: But you had a pickup in open gross margin in 2019 and 2020, and similarly, we had a mark-to-market drop in 2019 and 2020, given that we've sold in obviously at lower prices. Given that those market prices haven't moved nearly as greatly on the back-end in 2019 and 2020, just the absolute value of the dollars isn't going to be as great. I think the other element, though, is you've seen this market move pretty appreciably in the front-end and rightfully so, given where reserve margins are and the announcements of the retirements. I think you could expect some extreme volatility this summer and that will be obviously weather dependent and depending on unit performance as well as our wind performance. I think the other element, though, is if we see some of that volatility that's expected, it wouldn't be unreasonable to think that you would see price appreciation in 2019 and 2020 on the back of it just because it hasn't moved. And as you could see from our disclosures, we're not only carrying a long position in 2018, we have quite a bit of power still opened in 2019 and 2020 as well.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: Yeah. And it's slightly different for the base load regions, I'll call the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic, versus the calculation in ERCOT. As you know, ERCOT, we're trying to give you a view of our spark spread which is more relevant to our machines. And the formula is laid out here. It's very simple. We take a gas price using Houston Ship Channel, multiply it by heat rate and add some variable O&M to set the reference price. What we then do is we got to add back or subtract from the mark-to-market value. And the way to think about that is that's a dollar amount. So, we calculated the reference price in a unit of dollars per megawatt hour. We've now got a bucket of dollars on a mark-to-market basis that we need to divide by the volumes sold to bring it back to that same unit of dollars per megawatt hour. It just so happens in 2018, when you look at the effective realized energy price, it's next to zero. We've seen it in the past to actually go negative in ERCOT if we have a large mark-to-market loss with very small volume sold. And then, you could see in the out-years 2019 and 2020, that's a positive outcome or a positive spark.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: Yes. Our expected margin in ERCOT is higher in each year given that we're carrying an open position in all those years and the market is going higher. Now, that was offset, as we mentioned in the first question from Greg, with some of the changes on the rest of the portfolio to keep the gross margin on the bottom-line balanced.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: Steve, we're always – good morning, first of all. It's Joe. We're always interested in looking at whatever opportunities exist in the marketplace. As you know, we have a history of acquiring companies in our recent past when you look at Integrys and Con Ed, for example, and we'll continue to do that. To the extent we can add something that we think will be accretive to the bottom line and fits with the value proposition that we're trying to bring both to our shareholders and our customers, we're going to be aggressive with doing that. There has been some change of hands with retailers in the near-term here and we would expect that to continue given some that are on the market now and we'll continue to hunt for them.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: It's a mix of both. I think you have to take the whole picture into account. When you look at our portfolio, from my lens, I think about risk reward. And when you look at where the power curve is, like, for example, in the Midwest now and where gas prices are, we think about it from a heat rate perspective and we see upside to that. And that's driven by some of the reforms that PJM themselves is talking about, and obviously, Joe and a number of folks here at Exelon are working on very closely, and we stay very tied to that. And then, in addition to that, we look at history and changes in the composition of the Generation stack and the transmission stack. I still go back to some of the easy examples, though. We had gas prices two years ago at $1.70 and we had power prices that were almost $26. You have gas curves at $0.75 or $0.80 higher than that, and you see power prices that are lower than where they were. So it becomes a question of risk reward when you overlay just the fundamentals of the market itself and then obviously some of the regulatory reforms that are out on the horizon.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: Yeah. Julien, good morning. It's Joe. I guess, I really can't speak to what my competitors are actually achieving. I have an understanding of what they're saying, and we know how they're reacting in the market. What I would tell you is, we think about our load serving business across the wholesale perspective, when we think of polar auctions, as well as our independent retail business. It's tied very closely, obviously, to our Generation portfolio. I think, first of all, the volatility during the quarter, especially in New England and PJM was good to see. We've got an expectation of volumes and margins that are in our disclosure, and we're comfortable with those, and they remain – the margins remain in line with what our expectations have been historically for C&I margins. We're comfortable with our projections overall. I will tell you we've seen some competitive behavior change on the retail side. Some folks, I think, were hurt last year with low volumes. And when you get into some of the non-energy charges and how they're calculated on a volumetric basis, and we've seen some of our competitors move away from fully fixed price contracts in certain markets. And we'll continue to offer those products, and we're going to remain disciplined to our approach. We spend a lot of time analytically evaluating data and using that data to inform our decisions both from a generation to load matching strategy, from a pricing perspective and a product development perspective. And as you know, last year, we had some challenges in our retail business. We're comfortable where we are now. I will tell you on the wholesale polar auction side in the first quarter, we have had some success. And I think it's directly attributable to the volatility that we saw in late December and early January, and quite frankly, in March as well in Eastern PJM with higher prices. So, overall, we're comfortable with what's reflected in the disclosure, and we're comfortable with the margins and the volumes. And we'll continue to work hard, and it is a very competitive marketplace.
Joseph Nigro - Exelon Corp.: Well, I think we've been very clear, right? I mean we announced the acquisition of the Marine Terminal. We have an obligation for capacity that we are going to honor. And that's part of the reason that we're driving towards that acquisition of the terminal. We've also been very clear that absent market reforms, we don't see profitability for these units into the future. And we're working very closely to try to rectify that. I mean, the ISO themselves put out a study recently saying that there were five assets in New England needed to ensure reliability into the future, one being the Everett Marine Terminal and the others being the Mystic asset. So, putting all that together, as we've done in PJM and other areas with the capacity market, I think we take a very prudent approach to how we manage this looking into the future, and we're going to do the same thing in New England. We'll honor the commitment for capacity and we're going to look to get to the right reforms to make these assets more economic in the future.
Jonathan W. Thayer: It is a fair synopsis and I think the CapEx is really related to the storm investment. Chris talked about the significant investments that were made in the Mid-Atlantic utilities during that storm, so that's why you see the increase in CapEx there. To your point, the overall cash flow profile of the company looks quite strong.
Jonathan W. Thayer: I think the $0.05 sounds a little high, but they do hold. And as you know, we benefit from rising interest rates relative to other utilities because of the types of the formula rate in Illinois, but also because of our significant pension liability. And as the interest rates increase, the liabilities shrink. So, no question. This rising environment is helping our costs as well as our revenues and EPS, but $0.05 does seem a little bit aggressive.
Jonathan W. Thayer: PECO, I think is where it's specific and it's tax repairs. So, as we invest capital for the storms that shows up later in the benefits and tax repairs same is true in certainly the PHI jurisdictions.
Jonathan W. Thayer: So, Stephen, I think you know, we've been incredibly conservative with our balance sheet in taking that approach and I think it's worked well with the agencies. As we do get more regulated contribution, certainly the earnings mix of the company shifts as does the risk profile. That married with the 3 times debt-to-EBITDA target at the GenCo, which we're well below now, I think, positions the company quite well. We have, in the past, spoken with the agencies, particularly S&P, about upgrading us at the holding company level and we will continue to pursue that. As the mix shifts occurs, I think our case strengthens. So, that's kind of the conservative approach we're taking.
Joseph Dominguez - Exelon Corp.: Julien, this is Joe Dominguez. Actually, no. That's wrong. We don't have to clear the units to participate. And in fact, absent successful filing by the ISO on this waiver that they filed last night to offer a cost of service rate to Mystic, we will not clear. We will not participate in future capacity auctions.
Joseph Dominguez - Exelon Corp.: Yes. Stephen, it's Joe, and let me just start off with an observation. It's interesting. Secretary Perry in the 403 last fall identified a resilience problem in these markets. And as you know, that proposal was widely panned with a number of parties indicating that there is no resilience issue. Yet, in the last 48 hours, we've seen a filing by the New England ISO to retain Mystic on fuel security resilience grounds, and of course, we saw this white paper from PJM on Monday indicating that it too may have a resilience problem that would require capacity market changes. From our perspective, turning to that white paper, the things that are going to be important is to understand the analytics, the inputs into the analyses that PJM runs and in particular, how they think about the unavailability of natural gas pipeline service and for what duration. What Chris mentioned at the top of the call is that in addition to those constraints or those modeling parameters, we'd like to see them model environmental impacts associated with this fuel mix. We kept the New England system running this year really on the back of oil-fired units. And while we succeeded in keeping the lights on, it was a disappointing outcome for environmentalists in New England, where we burned 2 million barrels of oil and a disastrous, frankly, outcome for the stakeholder process in New England, where they want to get to lower air pollution, carbon and conventional pollutant emissions. So, we think that needs to be incorporated as well into PJM's analysis. And until we get those environmental externalities incorporated, we're not going to have a complete market. So, we see this as a positive step forward. We're going to look very carefully at how they intend to model this situation, again, the unavailability of gas and for how long. And we think if they do that right, they're going to find that they, too, like New England, have a significant number of fuel constraints on the system that will require them to preserve fuel secure resources. Now, that could be gas plants on Marcellus Shale's storage, it could obviously be nuclear plants and it could be coal plants, but then we need to take another look at that mix and make sure we're meeting the expectations of our customers and communities in terms of environmental impacts. In 2018, emissions need to be going down. And any resolution of this issue that results in emissions going up is going to continue to create incentives for state actions and indeed, for other federal actions to correct the flaws in those market.
Joseph Dominguez - Exelon Corp.: So, I'll jump in. What we have talked about is really what PJM has modeled. And as a grouping of two different initiatives, the fast-start initiative and the full (00:48:09) relaxation for baseload units, PJM has modeled a $3.50 impact to energy markets. We haven't published or discussed any numbers different from that. In terms of how it interfaces with the ZEC program, remember that the units that we presently have in the ZEC program are in New York, which would be unaffected by that change. Clinton, which is in MISO, again unaffected by that change. So, the only unit presently we'd be talking about is Quad Cities. And yes, as energy prices go up either as a result of energy market dynamic changes, policy changes, carbon being in the market, there would be potentially an offset to the ZEC payment with the plants that are participating.
Joseph Dominguez - Exelon Corp.: In New Jersey, the mechanism is going to be different. But if prices recover for other reasons, the program also will have the BPU look at pricing in future years and potentially make adjustments. The key in all of these states is to preserve the zero-emission resources for the customers.
