Chris Crane: Thanks Joe. And turning to slide 12, I’ll close by reiterating that Exelon’s value propositions, its position in the sector, Exelon is a premier TOD only company in the nation consistent of delivery and reliability results. There are several key attributes that distinguish us. We have an unmatched size and scale leveraging a common platform across all our utilities, we consistently and reliably offer best-in-class operation performance. This drives a superior customer experience and facilitates a positive regulatory engagement in our jurisdictions. Our purpose of powering a clean, brighter future for our customers and communities is how important ESG principles are to our company. And we maintain a strong balance sheet that drives investment needed to sustain our success. The net results in our operating, our opportunity to invest the $29 billion of capital over the next four years for our customers, with an annualized 6% to 8% operating earnings growth through 2025. And we expect to pay out 60% of those operating earnings each year to our stakeholders and shareholders. Thank you for your time. Now we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Chris Crane: And we also provided an alternative to the commission if they wanted to consider adding up to 40 basis points, but all based on ComEd rising to the standards that have been outlined in collaboration with the stakeholders.
Chris Crane: There's cost cutting, there's adjustment and project schedules, there's multiple ways to avoid any impact on our metrics. And that's what we'll be focused on when we figure out where this thing is going. What we've heard is, by the end of the week, potentially over the weekend, things could happen. And once we get the final, we'll be able to evaluate, and we can put the numbers in and start to see what we can do for mitigation. But we want to keep our capital spending plan where it's, our growth where it's at for reliability, and affordability, while we're maintaining a system that will take on the renewable. So there's a few balls in the air that we'll have to juggle, but we would rather have the fix to the bill. So we're not having to juggle this, but we'll see how we prevail as an industry as we go forward.
Chris Crane: The key on this is the rate cases, as Joe said, and we've seen downward pressure in other jurisdictions on that 9.5% to 10%. So we have to work through that and explain with the higher interest rate environment. We need to be able to move that back up as we're working through our rate cases. So it's reversing the trend of what we've seen in the industry to accommodate the interest rate rise and it's very quick to come down when interest rates come down. It's a crawl back when interest rates go back up. But that's what we're focusing on.
Chris Crane: Yes, thank you all for joining the call today. We look forward to continue to execute on a plan. And with that I'll close up the call and thank you for your continued support.
Joe Nigro: Yes. And I'll pick up the second two questions, Shahriar. Good morning. The 15% passage as you mentioned, we wouldn't expect to update our financing plans by EI, our normal cadence is that we would do that on the Q4 call after the first of the year. The reason we do that is it gives us time to get through our year end budgeting process. And mark things to that point, whether it's treasuries, pension, et cetera, et cetera. And we would be very transparent at that point. As for your last question, go ahead.
Joe Nigro: Shahriar, as for your last question because of multiyear plans are just for tax changes, I think what we would say it's unclear at this point how these taxes will flow through to our customers, as this, obviously as Melissa and Chris just have talked about this situation is very fluid. As it's currently written, we've reached the threshold for the tax at the consolidated level. And so we're working through all this real time.
Joe Nigro: Yes, I think there's a couple of answers to that, Shahriar. I think the first thing is if we were having this conversation, the first of the year, we might have even had a different view with that but that’s market conditions change, we have to change with it. I, the way interest rates move, for example. So what we've tried to do is be transparent that we're putting a $1 billion ATM in place between now and ‘25, which is what we told you the equity needs were, we're going to do $500 million of it this year. But I think it's important for us to maintain flexibility. And that's why we're saying that we would do it in probably the one or two ways that I mentioned.
Joe Nigro: Yes, we, as I said this is obviously a very fluid situation and we're not ready to commit to either of those. It's all gets tied up. And if this were to pass in its current form this would all get tied up in our end year planning process. What I can say, though is, on the Analyst Day, we committed to use 16% earnings CAGR through 2025. And we're still committed to that.
Joe Nigro: Yes, Steve, whatever it is, I don't think we're ready to get into that. Because what the way we look at this is not in isolation. We have to go through year end planning process and see what if, what portion of this we can offset with other actions that we can take across the enterprise. And then net of that what falls to the impact of on our metrics. And obviously, this is so fluid, we haven't gone through that detail process.
Joe Nigro: Yes, I think, Steve, a couple of reasons. This is the first window we have open post separation. We had to file the updated 10-K at the end of June, which we did, and then we went into blackout. So, as we previously disclosed, we executed some short-term debt, at the time of separation that we're now planning to use the equity to pay down and that's all part of the balanced funding strategies, to continue to support the balance sheet. We went through an evaluation of the type of equity issue and as I said earlier, it’s still very fluid due to changing market conditions and we want to maintain as much flexibility as we can and that's why we're saying we're putting an ATM in place. But we do have the flexibility to do this one time only.
Joe Nigro: Yes. Thanks David for the question. And good morning, we talked about this, we're confident in that 16% growth rate that we've given you through 2025 as relates to earnings. We've said there is some variability between the years and this really driven by three factors, right. One is, ComEd’s, the distribution return through 2023 is still tied to treasuries, which obviously, we don't control that mark-to-market exercise. And that's priced on a daily average throughout the year. So it's continuing to obviously change. PECO is on a three year rate case cadence. And the way that cadence works is they're higher earnings in the early years than they are later years. And that has some variability. And then lastly, we're transitioning to different ratemaking in Illinois, 2024 and beyond. And we have to make an assumption, what that looks like. And we've done that, and we're comfortable with ranges around that, and that 16% growth rate, but that drives some variability as well.
Joe Nigro: Yes, I think the reason you see the lower ROEs early in the year, and you saw the same trend last year is, it's tied to the equity, we're infusing into utilities, we do, a majority share of our debt offerings early in the year across the enterprise. And as such, to keep those capital structures in line, we infuse the equity, which over the course of the year takes time for ROEs to catch up. And that's really the big driver. So we're confident, we target 9% to 10%, for all of our utilities, we're confident at year end will be in that range, on average across the utilities.
Joe Nigro: I think there's a lot of variables that go into that equation, or maybe we, given the size of our enterprise, and the number of operating companies we have, obviously, there's a lot of things that move around in a given year with taxes. I mean, we see that each and every year, and then quite frankly, each and every quarter. So this is very fluid, the situation we're dealing with as blow smoking. Chris alluded to here, there's still -- we still go to get to the goal line on this and see where it plays itself out. I'm not going to sit here and commit you to say it's going to do this or do that. We're giving you an indicative view what we think that impact looks like over, our planning horizon that we've disclosed.
