Jonathan W. Thayer: Thank you Chris, and good morning, everyone. As Chris mentioned, I'll review the second quarter financial results, and then update you on changes to our 2012 cash forecast and earnings outlook. I'll start on Slide 9. We reported third quarter 2012 non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.77 per share versus $1.12 a share in the third quarter of 2011. Beyond the impact of the merger-related share differential and the addition of earnings from the legacy Constellation business, revenue net of fuel at ExGen is the primary difference between 2012 third quarter results and the third quarter prior year. The drivers of lower RNF include lower realized market prices and lower PJM capacity revenues due to the transition to the 2012-2013 capacity auction clearing prices, which averaged about $36 per megawatt day lower than the 2011-2012 planning period. When comparing our financial results for the quarter with our expectations, we delivered solid results for the quarter and we exceeded our $0.65 to $0.75 of earnings per share expectations. We outperformed our guidance range largely due to favorable RNF at ExGen and tax benefits at PECO and favorable weather at ComEd and PECO. ExGen's $0.53 non-GAAP earnings per share this quarter reflected about $0.04 of favorable RNF. This RNF upside is the net of approximately $0.07 of revenues from effective portfolio management optimization by Ken Cornew's Constellation team, partially offset by $0.03 due to lower-than-expected nuclear volumes. Chris already spoke about the source of the portfolio optimization benefit earlier, but I will add that event-driven opportunities such as this are difficult to forecast. When they do arise, having a skilled team that can execute and capture the benefits such as ours is an asset. Moving to the utilities. ComEd's non-GAAP earnings of $0.10 per share for 2012 third quarter includes $0.01 more earnings than expected from favorable weather, driven by the amount of cooling degree-days over normal. The number of cooling degree-days at ComEd this quarter exceeded normal expectations by nearly 250 degree-days or 40%. Likewise, PECO's 2012 third quarter non-GAAP earnings of $0.14 per share reflect an additional $0.01 of earnings above our expectations due to weather. PECO's 2012 third quarter results also reflect a larger than estimated benefit from the deductions associated with the tax treatment of repairs for gas distribution assets. We elected and recognized a similar benefit for the treatment of electric transmission distribution assets the same time last year. The actual benefit for this item came in higher than our estimate by $0.02. BGE's 2012 non-GAAP operating earnings this quarter were completely offset by storm cost. BGE's non-GAAP operating earnings would have been about $0.03 if not for the cost incurred for the derecho storm in July. Despite BGE's absorption of the storm cost, BGE will still contribute positive earnings to full year consolidated earnings. Turning to Slide 10. Our cash from operations projection is up $450 million since the last update. There are several puts and takes to this number, but it's largely due to changes in net income and changes in taxes coinciding with the company's annual tax filings. In addition, the latest cash from operations projection includes the updated expected net proceeds from the sale of the Maryland coal assets, as outlined in the 8-K we filed on August 9. Now I'll turn to Slide 11 on earnings outlook. On Slide 11, I'd like to provide our updated earnings outlook for 2012. As is typical at this time of year, we are narrowing our guidance range. We've had a few positive developments occur this quarter that warrant us raising the top of our range as well. We now expect 2012 full year earnings in the range of $2.75 to $2.95 per share, up from our initial earnings guidance range of $2.55 to $2.85 per share. The revised earnings expectations reflect the $0.10 of earnings per share ComEd will record in the fourth quarter to recognize the impact of the commission's rehearing decision issued on October 3. The guidance adjustment also considers the incremental earnings contributed by the favorable RNF at ExGen, offset by our preliminary estimate of incremental storm cost related to Hurricane Sandy. So in closing, our next update would be at EEI, where we will refresh much of the information we shared at Analyst Day, including capital expenditure estimates through 2015 and pension contribution expectations. That concludes my comments. I'll now turn the call back over to Chris before we open the line for Q&A.
Jonathan W. Thayer: That's right, Chris. Obviously, Jay, we have and continue to reiterate that we see heat rate upside in this market that is not being reflected, particularly in the '15, '16 time frame. The volatility in price you've seen this summer largely was driven by a couple of things, natural gas price movements and selling behavior in the marketplace. We have seen some recovery on the back of natural gas prices, but we still have not seen the market reflect what we think is a fundamental shift in the stack based on the retirement of over 40,000 gigawatts coal plants in the '15-'16 time frame.
Jonathan W. Thayer: Sure, Chris. So Jonathan, as you might expect, with the declining interest rates, the liability has grown. Importantly, under Doug Brown, who heads up our investments organization under Bill, we had put in place a liability matching strategy that reduced the impact on the overall obligation. That current unfunded status, if you look at the pension, is roughly $3.9 billion. That's relative to an end of year '11 of $2.2 billion. And I would say that, that growth is despite the fact that we've seen a very strong performance on both the equity, as well as the liability matched elements of our pension assets. As we look forward, as you may know, the President has put in place a -- or is looking to put in place a policy that allows us to adjust the pension liability and how we fund that. And that would have the impact of pulling forward certain of our expenses and reducing our expenses in out years. This strategy, we'll be updating at EEI, and we'll be able to walk you through after we've issued the Q3 10-Q, the specific details of the impact of that adjustment. But it does result in further funding in the initial years but moderates that funding and reduces it in '16 and '17.
Jonathan W. Thayer: No, I think that's right, Chris. We have talked about, at varying times, the upside that we see in heat rate recovery. At varying times, we've said it's actually priced into the market and aggressively hedged at above ratable to lock in that value. And at this point, as of 9/30, that $3 to $6 is what we see as the fundamental upside.
Christopher M. Crane: Thanks, Jack. Before we move to Q&A, I just want to reiterate a few points. We've had a strong financial performance in 2012, even with the impact of the hurricane. As a result, Jack mentioned, we are increasing our earnings guidance range. While the recent market dynamics do give us concern, I'd restate we believe $3 to $6 per megawatt hour is not priced into the market, and our expectation is that we will see the upside for 2015 and beyond materialize in 2013. We've taken the right platform to take the right advantage of what we expect for the power market recovery. Investment-grade ratings and maintaining the dividend are our top priorities. We have options, we have time to maintain these objectives. To time our investments for the power market recovery in giving us some flexibility, we've repositioned our growth strategy and we deferred certain upgrade projects. We'll also, as we stated, eliminate the undesignated renewable spend. Lastly, we remain focused on protecting and creating value -- shareholder value through continued advancement of growth projects at Exelon utilities, Peach Bottom, Antelope Valley Solar Ranch and upstream gas. With that, we will open it up to questions.
Christopher M. Crane: Here's how I'd look at it. The capital isn't part of that decision any longer. If the markets don't come back, which we think they will, most likely we will not do those upgrades. So you've got to see the market recover and then you see the strengthening of the balance sheet, then you understand we should be back into a sustainable growth mode, optimizing our assets. Continuing to watch the markets come forward, if you look at 2012 and 2014 -- excuse me, 2013, 2014 NiHub or West Hub, those years on an ATC are back to where we were talking with you at Analyst Day, and some a little bit better. But if you look at '15 and '16, there's still a buck and change disconnect there. So we haven't seen them strengthen as much on the back end. We saw a lot of volatility in August. It was unbelievable where the numbers were going, we couldn't model them. We want to make sure that we're being very open and clear. We said we wouldn't surprise anybody. If that volatility comes back into the market, we don't see the recovery, you do not want to -- we do not want to be living on the edge, and the edge is 25%. We've been given some flexibility by the rating agencies because they think this is a stress period. But if something structurally change there and you're dealing with a 90% payout on a dividend for a long run and we have to question if we're getting value. You don't want to live on the edge. There is potential volatility, but I think we have time to watch it going into 2013.
Christopher M. Crane: I don't think they would be a permanent solution under these market conditions right now. And that's why we've got to see the market come back up.
Christopher M. Crane: Well, the first initiating event for the market prices is the retirement of the assets that have been stated already, and we think that tightens the reserve margins there and should be reflected in the market prices. The load growth has been flat to negative. We continue to work on saving industry and trying to attract industry in. But I don't think you can beat energy efficiency over the next couple of years. So there -- on some sides, you're seeing housing come back. You're seeing auto come back. We saved the refineries in Pennsylvania, that's the load sting or a little coming back in. On the other side of that equation, you're seeing the effects of energy efficiency come in. So the real needle mover is on the market reflecting the tightening reserve margins of the retirements.
Christopher M. Crane: We would continue to look at other capital spends. Stacie Frank and treasury are looking at some things in project, financing some of our renewables we have. Now, they're not as large or meaningful, but if it's just to buy more time as we see the market come back, there are other steps that we'll be looking at.
Christopher M. Crane: We have to be very careful about the next step. So the next step is, is this a reliability cut, and are you going to pay for it in the long run? So you look at some of the upgrade projects around digital systems at the nuclear plants or other things like that, that are addressing each of the infrastructure, which -- you really have got to be careful, but we will look at them. And if it's moving in some amount of time, months or a year and we don't think it'll be impactful, we can look at that. But again, they're not the 2.3 billion size that we are able to just pull with the actions we are taking now.
Christopher M. Crane: So we would always look. But at this point, I believe that our equity is -- the value isn't reflected in our equity right now. So it would be unlikely that, that would be a fix. If we don't see markets recovering, something's fundamentally shifted. Issuing equity to buy time only to have to make some other decision in the future just seems more destructive than we'd be willing to take at this point. But that said, it's not totally off the table. We'll look at where we're at when -- middle of the year and see what fits best based off of the financials that we're facing.
Christopher M. Crane: I couldn't venture to say that. We've got to see what's going on in the market. We have had a lot of conversations with the board if we got to that point, but -- and I said we wouldn't surprise anybody. We'll have many more conversations between here and there, but couldn't commit to a timeframe. As I said, we believe the market is going to come back. We believe the market has to come back. And so we're more on the side "let's get the market back" than we are "here's the date we would plan on cutting a dividend."
Christopher M. Crane: We wouldn't allow ourselves at any registrant to go below. Due to the constraints on the other businesses, would be too cumbersome and too costly.
Christopher M. Crane: Demand has done a lot to improve that plant. There are good people there. It's sad to see a nuke come off, but there isn't a market to cover -- it's a small unit, so it's all -- and costs are a little bit higher. It's tough to compete in the PPA area for that. So the economics just don't work. We're -- across the board, we continue to look at the valuations of all the nuclear assets. And smaller, single site assets are more challenged with these power prices that are not only damaged based off of the lower commodity price but also some of the issues that we're having around excess wind generation. So we'll continue to look at plants as they come up, but it just doesn't make it.
Christopher M. Crane: No. No, there's no Kewaunees that -- we go through our asset valuations on an annual basis. But we are looking at things to try to improve the financial performance. Our Clinton station, which is a large single-unit site, it's a high quality, newer asset, is struggling with this MISO market in the wind generation. We're looking at going to annual refueling cycles to save on our fuel costs that will help its sustainability on the grid. So we're in the mode of continuing to figure out how to help these things survive this market downturn versus the outright sell or close-type thing at this point.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes, we are giving EPS for 2015. So we're only going to focus at the first of the year on '13. We don't go out there.
Christopher M. Crane: So there are some assets on the edge, they're not big assets. There's something in Las Vegas that's historical. There's a few small assets in California that we're looking at divesting. We continue to watch what we're doing in Alberta. But the meaningful assets are all core, and we think that they are undervalued at this point. I mean, you look at our nuclear assets and the implied valuation well under $1,000 of KW. I think anybody would buy it at that price right now. So I don't think we would look at asset divestitures in this devalued state besides those small ones, which won't be meaningful to cash flows. With that, we're going to wrap up before the music starts again. We apologize for any of the background noise or any of the issues. We actually have everybody spread across all the service territory attending to storm issues. So there's only a small portion of us back in Chicago here now. We'll be at EEI, and we look forward to being able to provide additional modeling information for the company as we address your questions and talk about more of the strategic focus going forward. So we hope all of you in New York, they get you back soon and everybody stay safe, and we'll see you in Scottsdale. Thank you.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Yes. Steve. we do expect margins to revert back to historical, where we would think of more rational levels in 2015 timeframe. You are correct.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Yes, commercial industrial business, it would be in the midpoint area, the $2 to $4. Obviously, much larger for gross margin on the MATS market side.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Yes. Dan, we've clearly seen pressure on both the Muni-Ag side and C&I space. C&I selling season is really Q4 and Q1, so we're now in the midst of what will be a 6-month run-on selling in C&I space because that's how the buyers -- this is the time here when buyers buy. So it remains to be seen whether the behavior persists. But clearly, through the summer, there have been -- there has been margin pressure in all segments of retail.
