Calvin Butler: Thank you, Jeanne. I'd like to conclude with our priorities and commitments for this year and remind you of Exelon's unique value proposition for their jurisdictions it serves and its investors. As you'll see, they're very consistent with our focus areas for 2024, a good reminder that we aim to reliably deliver against a predictable and consistent strategy, as you'd expect from a premier utility. First, you can count on us to prioritize operational excellence and safety in service of our customers. As you may have seen, once the creation of a Chief Operating Officer position and named Mike Innocenzo, the CEO of PECO to that role. Mike will build on the top-tier performance level customers have come to expect. And in succeeding him, Dave Velazquez, will bring his wealth of experience and strong leadership to PECO. Both moves are a testament to the unparalleled bench strength that Exelon enjoys. And our Chief Human Resource Officer, Amy Best, has been instrumental in building that advantage. We wish her all the best in her next chapter and look forward to Denise Galambos' leadership as Exelon's new Head of HR. Second, we expect to deliver on the prudent financial plan that we have laid out. Spending $7.4 billion less in the grid on behalf of our customers and communities, earning a consolidated return on equity in the 9% to 10% range, consistent with the cost of investing in the grid, and delivering earnings in the range of $2.40 and $2.50 per share, while maintaining a strong balance sheet in executing our financing strategy. Next, we expect to reach collaborative and constructive outcome of the rate cases we have underway, along with the ones we expect to initiate in 2024 to ensure we can continue to deliver safe, reliable, and affordable energy to our customers and help the states make their desired progress on their energy goals. And we will continue our efforts to ensure the energy transformation is as equitable and affordable as possible. Building on our success in 2023 in mid-January, we submitted seven concept papers for the next $3.9 billion that the Department of Energy's grid deployment office is making available under its GRIP program enabled by the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. With proposals ranging from software across the enterprise to enable increasing levels of distributed renewable energy sources to target an investment at Pepco Holdings to combat coastal impacts of climate change they highlight our creative and far-reaching efforts to partner with our jurisdictions and creatively line local state and federal policy. And beyond accessing these funding sources, as Jeanne highlighted, we will continue our efforts to standardize and simplify our operations to manage the increases in costs associated with the expanding needs of the grid, while delivering premium for customers. Lastly, what's distinct this year is a recognition that last December's final order in the ComEd multiyear plan did not bring the resolution on how to invest over the coming years in the first rate case process undertaken by the approach laid out in the Climate and Equitable Jobs Act. But while we are disappointed, we are not deterred. We are committed to finding a path forward with stakeholders that restore certainty for our customers, employees and investors. We believe everyone wants a level of investment that can deliver on the promise of seizure and positions us to lead the energy transformation. And so will we be working toward that outcome while preparing to pivot if that's not the case. Delivering against these priorities while continuing to establish our position as a premier T&D utility, and Slide 16 reinforces that value that we offer. Exelon's platform is incredibly unique. We have the privilege and responsibility serving some of the nation's greatest cities with jurisdictions that recognize the unique opportunity they have to lead the energy transformation. Our asset footprint, the transmission and distribution network that is the lifeblood of making that transformation happen for our jurisdictions is unmatched. As is our scale with over 10.5 million customers across our seven ratemaking jurisdictions. We have been setting the bar for operational performance for years and our ability to invest to support that performance is backed by strong forward-looking and predictable regulatory mechanisms. With our dividend yield at 4.5% and a 5% to 7% annualized earnings growth rate that we have a strong conviction in achieving, we are offering investors total shareholder returns in the 9.5% to 11.5% range and extremely attracted risk-adjusted proposition. I am so proud of this team for the commitments made and kept in 2023, and we look forward to doing the same in 2024. As always, thank you for your time and support, and we'll now take your questions.
Calvin Butler: So, let me take the last part first, and then I'll turn it over to Jeanne. So, as we talk about the 5% to 7% earnings growth, we are committed to midpoint or better. And I think Jeanne even referenced at least, right? So, this is a plan that we've put together that's very prudent and our ability to achieve it. And we've demonstrated as an organization, we can take on headwind and continue to meet the target. As I said, Julien, I'm so proud of the team and the commitments made and commitments kept, right? And we will continue to do that. You think about what we had to overcome in 2023 to deliver in excess of our midpoint to $2.38. So, that's the commitment there. And I'll let Jeanne talk about the additional equity and balance sheet and so forth.
Calvin Butler: Yes. And if I can just add, Ross, I think on what's critical, what Jeanne has said is that understanding Illinois is just one of our many jurisdictions in which we operate and what we continue to demonstrate in terms of the value of Exelon is our scale and size and the jurisdictions and the opportunities that exist across our platform. We always talk about the power of the platform, and you saw it flexed in 2023, and you'll see it flexed over our long-range plan from 2024 to 2027. So Illinois is a focal area. And as I shared with you, it's a priority for all of us. I know Gil and his team are fixed on it, but we have other businesses that we will continue to run and as always, manage our costs and to ensure that we do it in a very pragmatic basis. Thank you for the question.
Calvin Butler: Gigi, thank you very much. And more importantly, thank you to everyone for joining today's call. We look forward to seeing many of you in 2024 and as committed for the upcoming spring conferences, Jeanne and I and Andy, the IR team will be on the road. They promised me that we'd be doing that. So thank you, and I look forward to engaging with all of you. But more importantly, I just want to say to the 19,500 employees here at Exelon. Thank you for everything that you guys do each and every day. So proud of the performance that we delivered in 2023, and I know we're just getting started. So with that, Gigi, that concludes today's call.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I'll just update. I think I'll address Shar's second part of that question. So 2024 to your point, Shar, we've provided a guidance range with a midpoint that assumes the 12-14-2023 order. We have the rehearing process going on, which is about an interim revenue requirement while the grid plan is being approved. And then we have the grid plan process, which will kick off and we filed that on March 13. Depending on those outcomes, there could be upside to the 2024, if we get an interim revenue requirement or a grid plan move, but the midpoint assumes the December order. Now beyond 2024, we did approve the -- or sorry, we did assume that the grid plan would be approved. It is a great plan that, as Calvin mentioned, is focused on safe, reliable operations and alignment on the progress in CEJA it's lower, right? We're not going to be able to make as much progress on CEJA just given the unfavorable economics. But we do want to make progress and we will. Now there is not a set time line for the commission to opine on the grid plan. But we are, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are optimistic it gets done this year. The commission stated that in their order in December that they understand the sense of urgency. And so while it does assume that the grid plan is approved, 2025 to 2027, we are prepared if we cannot get alignment to make further reductions and still deliver.
Jeanne Jones: Yeah, it's really the difference between the distribution. So pulling back on the distribution investments and then replacing it with transmission. We talked about it in the prepared remarks. There's kind of two slices of it. There's the awards we've been talking about, the brand insurers and the ARTEP window, where, those projects will close in 2028 and at the end of 2028 for brand insurers and then 2030 for the ARTEP window. And so those will go into rate base outside of the planning period. And so as we move distribution out and layer those in, you're not seeing the 1:1 offset rate base. We do have other transmission that will close within the period, but it is back-end loaded. And as you know, transmission doesn't have, even if it's closed within that you're right, it doesn't have the same impact of distribution. So it's really just the shift that we made from D2C.
Jeanne Jones: Yeah. Yeah, no problem. So I think the message is consistent with how we talked about it last year. So we had said over the planning period, we expect to be at 100 basis points of cushion absent CMT. And if we get the corporate alternative tax alleviated, we'd be back into the middle of that range. Obviously, a couple of things happened since we last spoken, first, the ComEd order. And with that order, we did see an impact to our balance sheet. We then mitigated that impact largely, not one-for-one, but we had a substantial mitigation through the reduction of the distribution spend as well as O&M reductions and looking at pension contributions and other things to pull all the things we could to make sure we got back up and mitigate as much as we could, a large portion of that ComEd order. The other piece was layering in the new capital. As we layered in that new capital and funding it with about 40% equity, we were able to maintain that cushion that we wanted, right, that 100 basis. Now if you think about it from a year-over-year perspective, as we've also talked about in the past, I think we expect the front-end of the plan to be a little bit lower, particularly on the Moody's side, still about the threshold. But lower in 2024 and getting better over the planning period, mostly due to some of the cash recovery regulatory mechanisms like the formula rate true-up for 2023 that will come in 2025. And then -- so that kind of -- that's why we show you that average but at the average of 13%. And then again, I would say the impact of the equity starts to sort of build on itself. And so as you get to the back end of the planning period and beyond, that is helpful in terms of continuing to bolster that cushion. But then also as those transmission projects close, the cash flows, they are also beneficial to the metrics. Yeah. Okay. Thanks, Nick.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. And then Julien -- we do also continue to show you, Julien, in the year-by-year, which gets you to that midpoint or better. So, again, there will still be some years above the range, years within the range, all within the range, but some different points to get you to that mid-screen or better, as Calvin mentioned, that side continues in the deck. On the balance sheet, I guess, I would characterize a little bit different. I think we're consistent with where we were. So, we had expected to be at the 100 basis points of cushion. We expect to continue to contain that 100 basis points. We largely mitigated the ComEd order through our own internal levers. And then as we layered in the capital to maintain that cushion, we funded it in a balanced way by layering in that 40% of every new dollar of equity.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I think I get a couple of parts there. I would say, one, for every plan that we put forth always prudently include some sort of for lack of a better word, cushion, right? So we're not -- we've got a bunch of scenarios that we're modeling and we're making sure that we can deliver regardless of where the final grid plan comes out. I would say at the low ROEs, right? It takes a lot of capital at ComEd, to make it on the distribution side to make it a meaningful impact up or down, and we're prepared to pull back if we need to. And to your point then, that could have further impacts from a financing savings and other things. Obviously, we would always look for O&M levers as well as we have done in the past. I would say we -- portion of the transmission that we added, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, was not what we had talked about, it was new opportunities that we had on the list at ComEd related to the high-density localized low growth there on the data centers, continuing to modernize that portion of the grid. So these are needs that need to be addressed on our system. The other thing I would say is, as we talked about before, while we have the two opportunities that we mentioned, we continue to see where we operate in our jurisdiction potential for further transmission related to interconnection of offshore wind, whether it's the Maryland executive orders, the New Jersey executive orders. As those projects are built, given our footprint, we stand to be competitive for that. So I think there's other opportunities that exist. And the plan reflects the upside from continuing to execute on the grid plan, but also the ability to pull back. We also don't assume any of the performance metrics, right? I think we're going to make sure our growth plan is also set up to be able to capture some of those. Obviously, that's a metric, but we're going to do a work real hard to get some of that, and that's not included in the plan either.
