Calvin Butler: Thank you, Jeanne. I’ll conclude by bringing it back to our priorities this year listed on Slide 10. As always, safely achieving industry-leading operational excellence is our first priority. Keeping customers online, no matter the weather is increasingly important. We also remain highly focused on being responsive to our customers’ increasing engagement with the grid, whether it’s accommodating new solar performing efficiency audits are supporting their transition to electric vehicles, reaching fair and balanced rate case outcomes that allow us to invest with the benefit of our customers is another critical focus. As you heard from Jeanne, we have a number of proceedings we expect to conclude in the second half of the year, and we’re optimistic about the clarity that will bring for the next several years of our plan. Building a reliable and modern grid requires reliable and modern rate making, and we’ll continue to work with stakeholders to ensure that we are all aligned as we work to meet each state energy goals. Next, we are focused on executing on the financial guidance we laid out, including investing $7.4 billion of capital with a balanced funding strategy and earning a consolidated 9% to 10% return on equity allowing us to deliver in our earnings guidance range of $2.40 to $2.50 per share. And as always, we’re focused on ensuring all customers are benefiting from the generational energy transformation that’s just getting underway. In late June, many of you saw that we joined a FERC proceeding to raise concerns about the way co-located customers share some of the cost of the grid that they can rely on. Exelon and AEP may have been the first to share those concerns, but many others have now echoed similar perspectives. There’s no question that co-location offers a unique opportunity for our jurisdictions to attract business in an exciting emerging industry, and we welcome supporting our customers in this work. Serving more customers than any other utility in some of the largest, most critical cities in the country, we are a leader in investing in the energy transformation and supporting economic development. As Jeanne shared, there is no shortage of work that the energy transformation requires of the grid, regardless of where the load shows up of what sort of generation serves it. In fact, just a week ago, PsiQuantum announced a partnership with the State of Illinois, the County and the City of Chicago to be the anchor tenant in the massive quantum computing development, the first of its kind in the nation, housing a utility-scale quantum computer in an operation center, the size of five football fields. So we will lead in investments, but we will also lead in affordability, with rates and bills that are currently below national averages, and we’re committed to continue to do so to ensure we can maintain the service our customers expect while making the necessary progress in the energy transformation. Accordingly, you can expect us to advocate for policies that continue to support investment in a grid that we all rely on and that ensure these investments can be made as affordably and equitably as possible. We will continue to monitor the FERC ISA proceeding in which action by the commission is expected by August 3 and stand ready to help advance solutions to the benefit of all customers. Gigi, we are now ready for any questions from the audience.
Calvin Butler: Thank you, Shar. And as you know, we’ve had this discussion in previous settings around resource adequacy, but let me assure you that we, PJM and a number of other stakeholders have been signaling concerns about resource adequacy for some time. Policy has continued to drive a turnover in the generation stack as you know with base load replaced by renewables. And in the past, it has brought huge advances in the power requirements with AI-driven data centers. Onshore of intensive manufacturing has further contributed to the pressures. But this, of course, poses real challenges around providing reliable, resilient and affordable power. It goes to my comments that I made is that we have to ensure that the new rate making – this rate-making systems align with the new constraints being put on the energy that’s being provided for all customers. The price signals that we saw this we clearly indicate a need for infrastructure investments in our footprint, particularly in BGE, both generation and transmission. Obviously, we’re already doing that today, including the work we’re doing on brand insurance retirement meant to address exactly the types of price pressures that this auction showed. We’re already engaged regularly in meetings and you should be assured that we’re not going to step away from this. And it’s an industry-wide issue because at the end of the day, what they’re going to look to utilities is for reliable – reliability and a resilient grid. All the other stuff is fine, but if those lights don’t come on, that’s when they’re going to turn to us, and we’re focused on that each and every day. I’ll now turn it to Jeanne to just see if you have any further.
Calvin Butler: And Shar, if I can add on to what Jeanne just adding. The question in Jeanne's comments recognize that none of this operates in a silo. It's all connected. So when you see once a lever being pulled, you can't ignore the other pieces and which is why the ratemaking process is so critical and the transparency and the discussions have to continue and be ongoing throughout.
Calvin Butler: I would tell you that we're working with our commissions on all type of scenarios that we shouldn't take anything off the table because we need to address this issue and ensure affordability and equity is at the forefront of all discussions.
Calvin Butler: Yes. Let me just tell you and thank you for the question. I know this issue has gotten a lot of attention and for some reasons rightly, so we're on the cusp of major new source of load, and it's a critical emerging industry that holds a lot of promise for us in the U.S. economy. But let me add a bit of additional color on my prepared remarks, though I'm mindful that we do have an open proceeding and with FERC, and we should learn more by the end of this week, as you know. Our protest to the Talent ISA because – it's not because we're against co-location. We stated very clearly in the initial protest that we are not. We do believe that co-location offer some benefits and allows our jurisdictions to compete successfully for this business. And as I talked about, we have clearly proven that we're an attractive partner for data centers. As evidenced by Chicago being the top five market in this area for economic development. As evidence that our participation in the accept Window 3at $850 million were received because of data center growth in Northern Virginia. For us, Shar, this is about rate design. Users of the grid should pay their fair share. And while there may be unique opportunities to leverage land and equipment at generation plants to get data centers online quickly, they are still connected to the grid and are benefiting from a host of services that the grid provides to serve all of the load connected to it. You should expect us to continue to remain focused on economic development and yes, affordability. We have to do that on behalf of our customers, and that's what you should expect from a world-class utility. That we can do both and really drive growth as we're doing across our jurisdictions, but not forego that for one customer over the other. That's why we're putting this in. Policy should not be determined in one-off basis, and we will continue to see what FERC says and then determine next steps.
Calvin Butler: So David, what you hear from the team is that we're actively engaged in that process. And to date, we continue to ensure that from an operational and reliability standpoint, we're ready to meet the expectations of those large customers.
Calvin Butler: And Steve, I'll end with this, is that we much have – much rather have an agreement than not agreement with them. as we proceed and go forward. So to me, that's a significant step in the process.
Calvin Butler: Yes. So we actually created a very specific chapter in our refile grid plan to make sure that each of those areas where they cited a gap or deficiency for us to explain how we're meeting each of one of those that they've cited in the final order. On top of that, we've also engaged each of the of staff and stakeholders to make sure that what they're looking for when it comes to compliance and policy requirements are also achieved. So we – in a way, if you read our refiled grid plan. We actually previewed the chapters with all of the stakeholders before we file it, but we rearranged it in a way so that it's easier and clearer for the commissioners to see how we address those 11 gaps or deficiencies that they have identified.
Calvin Butler: Yes. Hey, this is Calvin. I would say on the Senate Bill 1, it's all about we will lean into the affordability discussion and what takes place and the impact on all the customers. So again, we think the process in which the general assembly is laid out in working with and saying we're going to have a very public process and hearing, to have all stakeholders engaged in it, is what we want. We will adhere to what the regulatory body or the general assembly lays out. We just want all customers to have a voice in that process because otherwise we as the utility will be the ones looking back and saying, where were you at in that discussion and representing us. And that's important because if you do this, Paul, and you know this, if you do this in a vacuum, then you have to react to the things that have happened already. And it's very difficult to it’s actually good policy when you're trying to recover from something that's already occurred. And that is what I think the working group in SB1 will adhere to, and we will be involved in that process with everyone else.
Calvin Butler: Thank you, Gigi. And as always, thank you guys for your interest and participation in our earnings call. As always, we remain open to answer any questions and just get feedback with you throughout the day or follow-up to this. So I just wanted to say how much appreciation from the team at Exelon. We appreciate your interest in the company and just engaging with us. So with that, Gigi, this concludes the call.
Steve Fleishman: Hey good morning, thanks. So just on – I guess, first on Illinois. The – you mentioned these agreements with some parties in the grid plan. Could you talk to kind of what parts of the grid plan they've been – they've kind of agreed to. And also just I guess the difference between – what we've seen is the commission kind of ignore staff and ALJs and other things, but does it make a difference if there's actually like settlements as opposed to just views – yes. Thanks.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Just one clarification. So I think there's – I don't know there's like 11 metrics that need to be met. So could you just maybe tie in the answer of what's agreed upon to those metrics? Like there’s an agreement on the 11 metrics? Or – is it kind of more of a broad – yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And I guess one other question related to the – I guess, co-location issue. Some of the other distribution utilities, including PPL itself obviously support the filing as it is. And PPL, I guess, found it in the interest of their customers, the update. So I guess I would be interested in did you pursue kind of trying to resolve this issue directly before you made this filing, to see if there was a win-win. Yes.
Colette Honorable: Thank you. Colette Honorable, I'm EVP of Public Policy and Chief External Affairs Officer. Steve, I appreciate the question. I will partly add to Calvin's comments. We are very open to working with anyone on these ratemaking issues. And this is what we are speaking about. We appreciate that PPL has a different perspective here. The reason we got involved was because of the broader policy implications. And we need to prefer to provide that guidance through policy. That will help all of us. And most importantly, it will help us understand the impacts of these sorts of transactions on all PJM customers. And so we look forward to the dialogue and discussion will continue to remain engage at FERC with all stakeholders and most of all, our customers because as it has been demonstrated here this morning, we will continue to provide strong solutions for our large load customers, but that work has to be done in consideration of the cost impact, the affordability impacts for all customers and then ultimately, reliability.
Colette Honorable: Hi, Anthony, it's Colette Honorable again, FERC has a number of options in terms of how to address the issues raised, quite frankly, by a number of stakeholders in that docket. As you've mentioned, one could be to set this matter for hearing should it find that there are outstanding issues of fact or law that should be resolved before ruling. Should it go to hearing. It could take a year and so that would allow for an administrative lodged to hear the various perspectives of the parties that are allowed to intervene and to consider them and make a ruling.
Colette Honorable: Yes. I think at the end of the day, there's a timeline by which you can respond. Right. And so we responded quickly because, as we said, we're going to be a leader in investment. We're going to be a leader in affordability. And there's key questions here. Look, this demand is coming either way, right whether it's co-located or not, that's going to require investment. And our focus is making sure the investment gets done for the needs of our customers and that everyone has a fair and equitable allocation of the cost of using the grid. And I think that's the bottom line.
Colette Honorable: Yes, some of its Ds and some of its Ts [ph]. So there's a mix there and the more high-density months. We're seeing more on the T side. And you saw that in our update on the Q4 call. We added a lot of transmission to accommodate that high-density load as it relates to the distribution. We have an obligation to serve those new customers. And so while it is a low ROE, we've got to manage that, get that work done. And at the end of the day, that demand coming in. Right. Helps from an affordability and spreading the cost of the grid. So, the only other thing I'll mention is new business on the multiyear plan is outside of the cost, is the $1.05 [ph] cap on the distribution reconciliation. So again, we need to get that work done and hook up those customers. It's for the benefit of all of us, but it is a mix of D&T and a lot more. We see more T coming.
