Christopher Crane: There are some that have mentioned a loss of competition and as all know, Pepco, Maryland and BG&E do not compete. Each of these will be standalone in the future as they are now. Rate cases will be decided by the Public Utility Commission in Maryland. We work at the will of the Commission. The benefits that we show by bringing PHI into the Exelon Utilities with best practice sharing being able to leverage procurement and the commitments that we made we think meet the test of best – to the benefit of the consumer. And so the Governor has not taken that position. The Governor has stayed neutral since as he said he has come into this late in the process. So there was rumors that he was against it, that was clarified with the letter that he sent to the Commission saying he has faith in the Commission that they will do the right thing and he is neither for or against, he is neutral on it. And that’s the support that we have gotten from Montgomery County and Prince George's County is significant. Those were the major customer bases, the majority of the Maryland customers are and we have a strong support from both counties.
Christopher Crane: You can see based off of our capital spend, our highest priority is in the regulated investments. We’re making, as I said, $16 billion of investment over the next five years with another potential $7 billion with Pepco being PHI coming in. So that is, we see is a good solid investment needed for the infrastructure for the customers and benefit the shareholders. The CCGTs in Texas are still a very good investment, very positive NPV. It continues to match our generation to load strategy as we continue to grow that load book in Texas in ERCOT. We said at the beginning we are getting these at very good terms, they are under $700 a KW on our brownfield site where we will have expense advantages combining them with our existing facilities. And the nature of those plants, the efficiency and the flexibility of them, they will dispatch well in that ERCOT market. So that’s still a positive investment. [ANOVA] is a good, strong option. We’re the fifth largest in handling merchant gas. We have core competencies around our gas portfolio and continuing to grow out the gas business is a logical move, we believe. But the nature of that project is it would be a contracted long-term type arrangement that de-risks it significantly. If we are successful in obtaining contracts and permits, then we would make the investment to continue to develop out our gas business. So that’s the strategy around utilities. The strategy around competitive electric and gas continue to be the primary. The story in the UK is not an equity story at all. Exelon Nuclear Partners has been invited into the bidding process to be the operator on a couple of projects potentially in the UK. We have a very small office that we rent month to month that those folks are working out of. Part of the process of doing that is understanding more the UK market, so there has been some due diligence around that, but we have no plans right now on becoming an equity owner in the UK at this point. Those were clarification needed to be made.
Christopher Crane: There is a hearing today that we’ll be continuing to address the issue. So it is being discussed, it’s being worked even with all of the other business that has been going on in Springfield around budgets. So as I said, we got strong support, unanimous support out of the Senate Energy and Public Utilities Committee in March, unanimous, and there is hearings on both the House and Senate this week to continue to discuss it. So we remain positive, cautious but positive that we will be able to get something through in this session. If we don't and the likelihood is that we’re not going to get a bill and we have to address the long-term profitability of the units and we’ll decide that as we see the legislative session end.
Christopher Crane: Yes, I learned about that when you did in the clippings. So there is market intelligence that’s going on at a lower level in the organization, but there is no plans to enter into equity positions at this point in the UK.
Christopher Crane: As you know, we have an extensive business both on the solar as well as wind renewables part of our business. And how we have improved the returns on that business over the last number of years has been through the extensive use of project financing as a means of returning capital to the corporate coffers to reinvest either in the growth of the utilities or fund some of our other expansionary efforts around. As an example, the peaker that we are building in New England or the combined cycles we are building in Texas. Certainly, we do watch and we do evaluate and consider the potential impact of value that a yieldco could have on our assets from the perspective of yieldcos as potential buyers of those assets or through the potential to create our own yieldco. And we continue to evaluate that within our project financing efforts. We have retained that option to be able to do that. I think one of the key elements though to a successful strategy around yieldcos is having a significant and visible pipeline of assets that you could drop down. And we have I think a good amount of assets. We have elements like our ANOVA LNG facility that if we decide to pursue that and we had a long-term off take agreement that would provide attractive revenues that could fit in that type of structure. But at this point we don't have any plans to pursue such a structure and continue to have a candidly wait and see approach.
Christopher Crane: Absolutely. So you see us continuing to deploy wind investments. We have a project that we’re developing down in Texas, Laredo. You continue to see us work down a path on the ANOVA LNG project to secure a long-term off take and you see us continue – through our Constellation business continue to pursue opportunities to grow the solar side of our business.
Christopher Crane: Neel, as you know, we have significant debt issuance forthcoming that will be used to finance at the holding company, the PHI transaction that we would look to bring to market once we have visibility around a successful path in Maryland. We continue to evaluate the balance sheet capacity and the space that we have at that holding company. As you know, we’ve said we will utilize that holding company as a potential vehicle to finance regulated growth. I think an important element to this is the interplay between the growing earnings mix of our utilities business relative to our merchant exposure on how the rating agencies perceive us. And so to the extent that the rating agencies continue to evolve in their thinking around the risks embedded in our business and see us as a less risky credit, I would say that is the biggest mover of balance sheet capacity. Obviously, some elements around whether it’s capacity performance, the Illinois Clean Energy Legislation that would be additive to the company's cash flow and earnings would also be helpful to our ability to add further leverage to the holding company.
Christopher Crane: So we project that towards the latter part of the decade into 2020 timeframe, but we will continue to evaluate that based off of rate case outcomes.
Christopher Crane: The point on that though in May of 2014, we committed not to make any decisions based off of economics for a year. We’re coming to the end of that year and we need to make decisions that start the planning process if we do not see a success path.
Christopher Crane: There has been attention not surprisingly to the MISO auction in connection with the Legislative deliberations and I think it’s relevant in the minds of a number of legislators. From our standpoint, however, it has virtually no impact on the health of our plants. The Clinton plant which was a price taker in the auction and which had sold in advance a significant portion of the power that benefited the auction results is only about $13 million. So that’s far short of what would be necessary and doesn't obviate the need for the low carbon portfolio standard for that plant or elsewhere.
Joseph Nigro: I will speak to that and you are right you noticed that our expected generation in New England in all years has increased appreciably and as such, the generation percentage hedge has declined with that increased output of generation. Very simply, we had disclosed in Q4 2013 that we had worked with a field supplier to restructure a contract that we have. And if you remember back then, our generation had dropped by about 50% in that quarter-over-quarter at that time. That contract restructuring has been terminated and it will be effective at the end of June this year and the contract itself will revert back to its original terms and conditions. It has two impacts. One, you’re seeing the generation impact and the hedge percentage impact and the notification of that termination was at the end of the first quarter this year. So really you’re seeing it flow through on an immediate basis. The gross margin impact was very minimal across the horizon. And as such, just mechanically when you look at the hedge disclosure, the dollars of the termination of the contract restructuring as well as the increased value of the generation output and the margin associated with that is all flowing through the open gross margin line and it’s very minimal. So really it is a volume change that you see with a little dollar impact.
Joseph Nigro: I can't say too much due to the confidentiality of the nature of the agreement, but what I will say is the contract termination was the right of the supplier held that right. And from our perspective, as I said, the impact economically was very muted. I can't speak to the supplier's perspective on why they terminated it, but it’s related to a long-term supply arrangement that we have.
Joseph Nigro: I think to your first question around retirements, we don't see a material impact. I think the rationale is first and foremost obviously to improve the reliability on the system and to do that you need a couple of, you can go about that a couple of ways. One is the hardening of the units themselves which have a cost associated with it. The second thing is to make sure you have firm fuel on-site for these units and there is a cost to do that. When you look at the economics of all of that, we don't believe there is going to be a material impact to retirement. I will sit here and say though given this structure that’s been laid out if it is implemented, I would expect that you would see an increased risk premium effectively in the marketplace given the fact that the penalty structure is changing rightfully so to ensure reliability. But I don't think outright there will be material impact on the retirement side.
Joseph Nigro: I guess from a DR perspective, there is a lot of flux around the rules, but sitting here looking at this auction, we would expect to see the demand response activity will continue in the way it has. And then as rule changes through time, if the change, whether it becomes a retail product as opposed to a wholesale product, we will have to see how that plays out.
Joseph Nigro: I think what I would say is if we talk just about energy prices in Northern Illinois for a minute, using prices as of the end of the quarter, we do still see heat rate expansion. We don't think the market has priced in all the upside really driven by the back of the change in dispatch stack. And if you think about two different timeframes like 2016, 2017, we probably see less upside than we do when you get out to the 2018, 2019 time period and it’s probably to the tune of $1 to $2 accordingly. Just as importantly, we also have a view that we think natural gas is underpriced at this point which in addition to that would drive prices higher net-net because you would see a slight heat rate decline with the rise in natural gas. But net-net, it would be a positive outcome. And your point is right that from a hedging perspective, we continue to remain behind our ratable hedging plan in the Midwest to the tune of about 10% in 2016 and 2017 approximately just given those views.
Joseph Nigro: What I said was there’s two components to our view. The first is just fundamentally we still expect to see heat rate expansion in Northern Illinois across the time horizon. So if you look at calendar 2016, 2017 and beyond, we would expect to see heat rate expansion and that’s probably in that $1 to $2 range. But additionally, we see gas price upside which would also increase the power price beyond that upside. So that would effectively raise the heat rates as well and/or effectively raise the power price as well. So there are two components to our view and as such, we’re behind our ratable plan in 2016 and 2017 from a hedging perspective to the tune of approximately 10%. And it’s important to note that there is some seasonality associated with that in our hedging profile within a given year reflects that, meaning we see time buckets that are more valuable relative to the market than others. On the West upside, we see that heat rates and power prices are generally in line with our fundamental forecast and we don't see quite as much opportunity, but again there is seasonality associated with that and our hedging profile takes that into account.
Joseph Nigro: I think in general, our load business has done very well whether we’re talking about our retail book of business on the commercial and industrial side or our polar procurement business on the wholesale side. After the Polar Vortex last year, we saw, I would say folks may be pricing the risk more prudently from our perspective as it relates to managing a retail contract. That’s one element of it. And then from the margin perspective using that $2 to $4 benchmark that you laid out there, we’re well in line in the range of that $2 to $4 whereas we were sitting here a year and a half ago we’re struggling to be even at the low end of that range. So we’ve seen improvement across the board both from a risk pricing perspective and a margin improvement perspective in our load business from both wholesale and retail.
Joseph Nigro: I think there's a couple of answers to that question and I think the most important one is we’re seeing the changeover in the generation stack that we expected to see with retirements and low gas prices and you’ve seen the heat rate expansion that we have been talking about for some time. I think in addition to that, I think what you’re going to see going forward is increased volatility and both upside volatility and downside volatility. And I think that has an impact on load following contracts because you need to make sure that they are priced accordingly. So we have got the benefit of, I would call it, lower load serving cost in the first quarter and they’ve come down on a mark to market basis for the balance of the year. But our expectation is given that market volatility we would expect to see that that would pass through to continuing to see appropriate risk premiums in our load serving business and appropriate margins.
Joseph Nigro: There is a couple of questions there. Let me try to pick them off one by one. I think the first one is as it relates to the turnover of the [indiscernible] stack, I think it’s clear that we’re going to see retirements of generation assets. In our fundamental modeling, we have an add back of an appreciable number of gas-fired generators in PJM with most of them on the eastern side of PJM because that is where the economics are more favorable than toward a territory like NiHub for example. You are talking about a long-term investment asset with a build of a combined cycle plant and you are looking at a market with spark spreads that’s a much shorter dated time horizon. In PJM, unlike some of the other markets, the capacity price comes into play and is part of the equation. Clearly, we don't see new build economics work on the Western side of PJM. On the Eastern side of PJM, it’s a much more marginal exercise. I think where spark spreads are and where capacity prices if you use last year as a benchmark for example, I think you could say that's a marginal calculation. There was some talk if you go back a year ago that people were going to be able to lock in gas contracts for 20 years at well under Henry Hub at M3 gas or mid-Atlantic type gas. I would tell you I haven't seen that and I don't think that is going to be the case, so there is an element of making sure that you understand what the dynamics of the cost of production are as well. But I think net-net fundamentally, what we see is a turnover of stack. Our fundamental forecast reflects that so we have an appreciable add back of combined cycle plants and when we take that all into account, as I said previously, we still see upside to the heat rate in NiHub and we are generally in line with where the market heat rate is at West hub.
William Von Hoene: We expect the session, this is Bill Von Hoene, to conclude at the end of May. It conceivably could be extended if the budget impasse continues. It’s unlikely that the energy legislation would be considered during that period of time. There is a six-day session, veto session in November and into early December which requires a super majority on any votes that pass during that period of time. So that would be the next time the legislature would convene after the conclusion of this regular session.
William Von Hoene: The RSSA contract was approved by FERC effective April 1, but with two adjustments being required in the contract which have been sent back and a compliance filing will be made by Ginna to reflect that. Then there will be a process by which the contract itself will be evaluated and potentially settled through a FERC procedure. So that is going to go forward for probably the balance of the year based upon precedent in other circumstances, although the ability to collect on a cost based rate is effective now. The put is exercisable by EDF January 1, 2016. We do not know and don't speculate as to what would happen in connection with that. With regard to the potential extension of the RSSA agreement, it’s predicated on the period of time that’s necessary for the New York system to find alternative ways to deliver the same reliability that Ginna currently is required to deliver. So we would not anticipate in the absence of the failure of the New York system to do so that there would be any basis for extension of the agreement.
William Von Hoene: No, the cap is the same essentially 2% cap that goes on energy efficiency in RPS, and I think that’s been calculated by a number of folks. There is no provision by which the cap could be breached under the legislation as it’s currently proposed.
