Chris Crane: Thanks Joe. Turning to Slide 19, I want to discuss our key focus areas for 2020. We will continue to deliver operational excellence across our businesses, focusing on modernizing the grid and improving the customer experience at our utilities, while staying focused on safety and reliability. We will meet or exceed our financial commitments delivering earnings within the range and maintain our investment-grade credit ratings, as Joe mentioned. At the utilities, we will prudently and effectively deploy $6.5 billion of capital to benefit our customers and help meet the needs -- our states' energy policy goals and we will work with our regulators to ensure timely recovery on these investments. We will support the enactment of state and federal clean energy policies with major initiatives in-flight in several states. We will -- and we will partner and ally with the communities we serve. This is key to who we are. Slide 20. I will close on Exelon's value proposition, which highlights our strategy and commitment to shareholders. We will continue our focus on growing our utilities targeting 7.3% rate base growth and 6% to 8% earnings growth through 2023 rolling forward another year at this above-group trajectory. We will use free cash flow from ExGen to support utility growth, pay down debt and support the external dividend. We will continue to optimize the value of our Genco business by seeking fair compensation for our zero-emitting generating fleet, closing uneconomic plants and monetizing assets as we see value is there, while maximizing their value through generation to load matching strategy at Constellation. We will sustain growth investment-grade metrics -- excuse me, strong investment-grade metrics and we will grow our dividend at 5% through 2020. The strategy underpinning this value proposition is effective in providing tangible benefits to our shareholders. We remain committed to optimizing the value of our business and earning your ongoing support to Exelon. Operator, we can now open the call to questions.
Chris Crane: So I would anticipate, the discussions with the Board will be in the fall time frame, when we have further clarity on what the future looks like. If we are able to enact some of the policies and programs in the states we're working on, and it provides us with certainty that we can provide certainty to the Board that maintaining the health of the balance sheet while creating shareholder value, we should have a better picture at that time. So, I would expect us talking to you around year-end time frame about that.
Chris Crane: So as you know Stephen, our utilities do not have any generation and are restricted from having generation in the states that we serve. What you see in our planning years that you're looking at for the utilities, they incorporate what we believe needs to be done to support the states' needs which calls for more robust distribution system investments to allow two way energy flows, which is going to require transmission buildout to take care of importing the wind [ph] from the pockets of the service areas that we serve. And that's what's anticipated right now in the capital plan that we have in front of you. We have got to keep up with the state's policies, legislative agendas, or whatever is going to change the system so our customers can benefit from these policies that the states are enacting.
Chris Crane: Well it's definitely -- there's two focuses that Exelon has in the legislation. One is the ComEd side ensuring that we have adequate recovery mechanisms for capital investments being made, while trying to maintain the customer protections that we need by caps on bill increases. So that part is very critical. Kathleen can address the Genco parts. She's been heading that up in Springfield in and around the state.
Chris Crane: Yes. I think over the last two to three years, you've seen a greater recognition of the benefit of nuclear as it's contributing to a cleaner environment low carbon and also other emitting gases. So as we work with stakeholders explaining electrification and the benefits of electrification and that electrification is coming from clean sources that are highly reliable like baseload nuclear, and there's been quite a few environmental organizations and government legislative folks that agree with that. The dialogue is going on, on how do we keep these assets so the states can make their goals and that's going to be a critical part going forward. We've shared numbers with you before that if we shut down a couple of nuclear units in a single state, we can totally destroy all the investments that were being made in the renewables and we're just going to go backwards with our carbon emission. So we have to do our job as -- not only as a company, but an industry and we're trying to do that. The Nuclear Energy Institute has done a very good job on their campaign to communicate that to greater and broader masses and we'll continue to do it ourselves and work through things like the legislation that may be enacted or policies that may be enacted in states. We've seen the ZEC and the recognition in New York. We saw the ZEC and the recognition in Illinois. We're going to have to go a little bit further to be able to save these plants and that's where we're talking about FRR. And it's also -- another part of it is, it's more than just environmental. The reliability they provide, the jobs they provide, the economic engine for the communities that they serve is very impactful. And to not have these assets or them to be replaced with carbon-based assets will just send the states not only financially, but environmentally backwards.
Chris Crane: We're not speculating right now on that. We surely hope for many complicated issues that the states are able to enact and given time to enact the policies that they desire that will allow these plants to still operate. I've said for the last four or five years on almost every earnings call that if we can't see half to financial stability for each one of these assets that we will have to retire them and we're not going to speculate today on which ones or when. But we've shut down Oyster Creek, gone into decommissioning with a decommissioning company. TMI is off. There was no path for financial stability. And as I've said in the past, we must watch the balance sheet and our debt commitments and the negative cash flow assets will only send the fleet backwards and our goals on strong investment-grade will allow us to maintain our commitments to operate plants safely and meet our financial commitments on retiring our debt. So, we'll work hard through this legislative session to convey the importance of it and we're not going to speculate until we have no longer have a path to profitability for the assets.
Chris Crane: We are definitely responding to the MOPR in our commentary to FERC in PJM if they need to allow the states to enact whatever policy or legislation they are pursuing prior to running the auctions. There's adequate capacity in – within the system that we don't need to rush to secure it until the rules are clear. So it would be an unfortunate event if the auctions ran before the states were able to take action, which means you'd be looking at 2024, 2025, before you'd be able to enact and that's a long time with negative cash flows that many of the units would be facing at that point. So we want to work with every stakeholder we can within the states that we serve to help them enact the policies and explain what we can on the economics. If the bill, as we've seen it and draft towards the end of last year is enacted, it actually has a significant benefit to the consumer. It's not a bill increase as being communicated by some are understood by others. It actually as Kathleen pointed out, could cost as much as $2.6 billion to the PJM customers. And you take just Illinois alone, that's about 15% or a little over $400 million on an annual basis on an increase to those customers. So there's a customer benefit here. There's – as drafted or inputted previously there is a cap on the -- and what can be increased on both sides of the investment to support the renewables or the cost of the energy capacity in the system. So we need to be able to have the time -- or the states need to be able to have the time and there's discussion in multiple states right now that they want to look at something differently. And we hope that PJM respects the states' needs and allows them time to enact the policies that they desire.
Chris Crane: The only thing, I'd add to that is every quarter we look at the total bill of the customers and we're very sensitive to making sure the investment is prudent. It drives efficiency reliability and benefit to the customer and we also watch the affordability.
Chris Crane: Thank you and thank you for participating today. Before we end, I want to thank our employees for staying focused on safety and delivering another good year both operationally and financially. And with that, I'll close out the call. Thank you.
Joe Nigro: Yes, Greg. Good morning. It's Joe. Yes. The issue isn't solely that the incremental CapEx that we mentioned of approximately $2 billion isn't falling to rate base. It's about all of the CapEx and what we get into is the timing of when these projects go in service. So, we've updated some assumptions as it relates to the schedule of when the projects are finished and then they go into service. In addition to that, we could have changes in things like depreciation that would also impact that. So, it's really just a movement of when we see project timing and other things.
Joe Nigro: Yes. Greg, so the first thing I would say is, based on the current plan, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we don't incorporate any equity issuance in the plan. And going forward, we can meet the funding needs and maintain the investment-grade credit metrics under most scenarios that we look at, because we do look at this under a range of different possibilities.
Joe Nigro: Yes. I think the big thing is when you look at the improvement in ExGen earnings, it's really driven by four variables. As you could see in 2020 and 2021, the gross margin hasn't changed, right? But what has changed is we announced the O&M reductions on the third quarter call, that’s been a benefit. Lower property taxes has been a benefit at ExGen. Lower depreciation is also a benefit. And then, finally, we do have some lower interest expense, when you think about the retirement of debt. So those four variables have driven improvement to the ExGen earnings.
Joe Nigro: Yes, Julien. Good morning, it's Joe. On your first question remember we're giving you guidance for the combined EU and HoldCo, so there's a couple of variables even though we're investing CapEx and rate bases are rising. When you look at it the interest rate – the interest expense at corporate is projected lower which drives EPS as one variable that's positive to the earnings. We are – when you look at these projects, right you could still see there is additional CapEx growth and then we've had some improvement in ROEs versus our prior plan as well based on some of the regulatory actions and performance. So there's a number of variables outside just the incremental CapEx that would drive the value. Your second question on the offsets at generation it's – when you look at the prices falling use 2021 as an example where we're less than 70% hedged. You see that you would have the open gross margin come down. However that's a price at a common trading point. When you look at the values associated back to where the generator busbars are for example those prices move every day as well and there were some offsets associated with that. So that got us down to flat.
Joe Nigro: Michael, what I would say is our capital program reflects what we think is -- the projects we've identified as I said in my prepared remarks at this point in time. I think that you've seen the uptick in what we put in in 2019 versus what we're putting in in 2020 and we'll continue to challenge ourselves for the benefit of our customers. But right now I would tell you I think what we're showing you is a fair reflection of where we are and what we expect to do.
Kathleen Barron: Hi, Stephen, it's Kathleen Barron. I can take that question. I'll start with auction timing. As you know there's a large group of stakeholders including clean energy advocates, consumer advocates, renewable developers and most importantly the states who have asked PJM to take their time in scheduling the next auction. There's just been such a fundamental change in policy here that states need time to evaluate what the impact is on their customers and to design appropriate policies to protect their customers from the significant impact of this new policy on customer bills. So we of course agree with that perspective and are going to continue to urge PJM when they're developing their next filing effort which as you know is in March to propose an auction timing schedule that takes into account the states' needs. And in terms of litigation, you're right that there have been a number of requests for rehearing that have been filed. That would be the next step for FERC before this case could go to litigation. FERC has no time line in which to ask -- to act on requests for rehearing, but I think the more important point is they have been developing this policy for years. I mean they laid out in an order in ISO New England three years ago that MOPR is their standard solution and they have carried that through to PJM. I see no future where they change their mind on that policy and I think therefore the states are right in looking at what their alternatives are to continue participation in RPM.
Kathleen Barron: Well technically, it can. I mean I think from a good governance perspective, of course as I said before PJM should take into account the fact that some of the states need some more information to figure out what the impact is going to be on their citizens. They're going to need to do an internal evaluation. But from a legal perspective, the FERC order is final. And once the compliance filing is submitted and approved then PJM will be allowed to conduct an auction unless there's some sort of judicial stay imposed.
Kathleen Barron: Sure Steve. I can jump in on the -- on your point about having a longer-term framework which is exactly the point of the legislation that's pending in Illinois. And the idea of using the Fixed Resource Requirement provision in the PJM tariff or the FRR provision is to give states that kind of flexibility to provide for example for renewables that may want to have contracts of differing lengths exactly that flexibility for them to have those contracts. And likewise for their broader clean energy goals for them to be able to differentiate when they're procuring capacity resources between clean resources and emitting resources. And having that ability to design their capacity procurement to meet their state policy on a longer-term basis is one of the key benefits of the FRR strategy.
Kathleen Barron: Yes. I think you should expect to see further discussion and public hearings about what the bill should look like. As you know there are a number of proposals that are alive in the legislature in Springfield and so there needs to be some discussion in public hearings of how the state's policy on all the issues that are pending will come together in a comprehensive approach. So I think over the course of the spring session those details will become more evident. As you know in most legislatures, it usually takes until closer to the end of the session for all the details to be worked out, but I think you'll start to see over the coming weeks and months more detail emerge.
Kathleen Barron: Yeah. Shar, this is Kathleen. I can take that one. I mean, there are a number of estimates as you know out there about the impact of one, two, three, four, five states choosing the FRR option. We have not conducted an analysis of what that means for the rest of the pool so I'm not going to speculate on which ones of those analyses are accurate. But I will just say with respect to the market monitor, and the suggestion that the MOPR is going to have no impact on capacity clearing prices, it's -- and I note that that's been repeated by a number of the fossil companies, yeah, it's just it's a little bit concerning. I mean, it's exactly these state programs that they -- that were the reason that multi-litigation was brought by these companies. Recall when the first lawsuit was filed in New York, when New York adopted the ZEC program they said the point of the lawsuit was that ZEC programs were suppressing market prices by $15 billion over the course of that program's life. The whole purpose of MOPR was to raise capacity prices. Commissioner Glick estimated that he's going to raise capacity prices by $2.4 billion annually across the pool. Other independent analyses have gone there too. So it's just not credible for them to be now saying MOPR is going to have no impact.
