Chris Crane: Sure. As you know we were successful and PJM was successful on the capacity market redesigns that gave some upside to the fleet in NiHub. Greatly helped Byron and added help to Quad cities, but since then as you've seen the downturn in the forwards Quad cities continues to be challenged and more neutral on cash flows and earnings, while maintaining the risk of operation. We continue to work on Clinton. Clinton is negative. We have two initiatives underway, one working with MISO on Zone 4 reforms and we'd like the design to be more like the new PJM capacity market design. But that in itself will not save Clinton. As you know there's a lot of work going on in Springfield with the administration and the legislature. And we have had a very strong support from the leadership of the legislature and the administration on coming to a resolution on the energy outlook for Illinois. It's not only the Clean Energy Standard, but there is an environmental jobs, agreeing jobs bill and there's a utility of the future bill that have to be negotiated together. There's been progress made in that dialogue, but it is critical that we have, that we're able to present to the legislature this spring a combined package that ensures the financial viability of our assets as they contribute highly in reliability, in environmental or we will have to make the rational economic decision. It's our job to get the stakeholders together. We're working hard on that and to bring the leadership what is a consensus package that’s good for all of Illinois and its customers. So we're in this spring time in Illinois and we're hopeful that we can have reasonable heads prevail and negotiate a balanced outcome and as I said present that to the leadership so they can provide the continued support.
Chris Crane: Yes, first of all there's more than 10 years on these assets. We had license renewal at Braidwood. It goes into the late 2040s. The money producing plants are the larger dual unit sites that will run into the 2040s. That's Byron Braidwood, LaSalle, Limerick, Peach Bottom and they are positioned well in the markets. Peach Bottom is in the 30s I think, but the others are in the 40s. So we've got a long run left on these profitable plants. If the smaller units or the single site units cannot be profitable and we can't get a market design they will be retired and there is an upside based off of that retirement on free cash flow and earnings. We will remove the drag. As Jack described, we're very focused on the debt to EBITDA ratios at the GenCo, and over this period of time we will be reducing over $3 billion of debt at the GenCo and continuing to manage that, matching our assets with our debt. We feel very comfortable where we're at. But it is a misnomer that is out there that these are 10-year assets with a large debt profile on them. Jack, you want to -.
Chris Crane: Sure. We had, as we talked back three years ago now when we had to restructure the dividend, we had grown the dividend at Exelon based off of the earnings and cash flow on a very volatile business, the GenCo. We had to make the shift and take the pain at the time to refocus the payout and where that reliable cash flow would come from. We set out at that time after the merger with Constellation, improving the performance for the customers and the reliability of BGE and along with that improving the profitability. ComEd has done a phenomenal job improving reliability, making prudent investments and as our shareholders have seen, as you have seen, the strategic plan we laid out a few years ago is paying off. And it can be seen, it's transparent that by 2018 theoretically the utilities would be covering the dividend. In discussion with shareholders and feedback at the end of the year the certainty and our confidence in the business needed to be fully displayed. In dialogue with the Board, we thought that we can make these increases. We've talked about the free cash flow, we talked about the balance sheet and we're committed to that through 2018. I think it's a positive sign in the right direction that we feel confident in our strategy going forward.
Chris Crane: So the commission did state that they would take this matter up before our March 4 date. And that's our only commitment is to try this till March 4 and if we can't get it by March 4 then we have to fold up and then start to execute on the debt reduction and the buyback of the equity issued. And that would start immediately. The plans, the contingency plans are in place by Jack and Stacy and the team. And that execution would then start at that point. 
Chris Crane: We have significant investment in the utilities. We are putting debt on the holding company. We would anticipate less debt issuance to infuse the equity into the utilities as part of that. And there we would look at other opportunities to for further regulated or contracted investment if they met our hurdle rates. 
Chris Crane: Jonathan, the major drivers of that are we have a $700 million maturity in 2017 that we pay down. We pay down about $1.2 billion of CP and then a growing cash position, which ultimately takes you from that 3.2 down to 2.3 times.
Chris Crane: It's rolled into the debt projection. It's financing or funding the dividend increase. It's basically insulating the balance sheet to a very strong position.
Chris Crane: That's a possibility. But if you look at, go back to what Jack said, a payout ratio of 65% to 70% by 2018 theoretically with our earnings profile, the utilities would cover that dividend. And that's a theoretic position we wanted to be in because we need to make decisions on further capital infusions for necessary projects to drive customer satisfaction and reliability.
Chris Crane: So, we would analyze the best shareholder capital return policy. We'd be looking at are there further investments that can be made that create stronger and continuing growth in our investment in the regulated utilities. But it will be analyzed and as I said we theoretically hit a target of a payout in 2018. We will take into consideration the best uses of capital allocation at that point and we would anticipate some growth continuing after 2018. There's a lot of infrastructure and technology advancements that are coming along that will benefit the customers and benefit reliability and drive much more productivity within our workforce. So it's something that we'll look at and we're heading in the right direction. 
Chris Crane: In my conversations with the leadership at EDF, they are very comfortable with our operations on the nuclear side and in this market environment they are not looking at exercising the put at this time. So we will continue to work on the regulatory side and drive strong operational performance. And we have a little time on Ginna to the end of the RSSA into 2017, and like Joe said we've got a very supportive administration that recognizes the clean benefits of nuclear and that's really appreciated.
Jack Thayer: No, I think you covered it Chris. I mean the goal is to create that fortress balance sheet to do the right things around our assets and sustain the profitability of the long lived plants. 
Jack Thayer: And Dan, just for modeling convention, what we've assumed is it takes us roughly five months to buy back the equity and that has a $0.06 drag associated with it during 2016 on our standalone plan. And we would assume we'd retire the majority of the debt associated with Pepco in March, which has a $0.01 drag. So all-in on a standalone basis there's about $0.07 of drag in our EPS associated with PHI closing that out if we end up on a standalone basis.
Jack Thayer: To your point what we've modeled is buying back the 57.5 million shares that we issued for the transaction. I think our balance sheet strength and where we see that orienting from a debt-to-EBITDA basis provides a lot of flexibility. And we'll review what's the best means of creating value for shareholders. 
Jack Thayer: There's a contracted peaker up in New England that's a modest part of that. But the bulk of that is contracted wind or contracted distributed generation.
Jack Thayer: Steve, we're assuming that because of their contracted nature that we'll be able to secure project financing, which would get some measure of off credit treatment to minimize the impact on the overall balance sheet.
Jack Thayer: We're retiring about $3.6 billion over the next five years at ExGen. And I think that provides us, rather than targeting a specific number I think more importantly it provides us with a considerable amount of flexibility and insulation and allows us to position from a point of strength our merchant fleet to compete on a long-term basis. It's clearly differentiated from the balance sheets of some of our competition. And we think that that will be a competitive advantage as we proceed through the coming years. 
Jack Thayer: So from a dividend standpoint, in effect what we do is we set a minimum from a payout ratio at the utilities, but we've got a lot of flexibility in how we can fund that growth. So rather than targeting a specific payout ratio in aggregate what we're really looking at is a minimum payout ratio at the utilities of 65% to 70%. And then we look at where best to fund the dividend as well as fund the investment in the utilities to grow the regulated earnings stream of the company at 7% to 9%.
Jack Thayer: So Barbara, let me start with your second question first. This is on a standalone basis, so you'll note under the debt retirements that we have a further $1.875 billion of retirements here. If PHI goes through then clearly we would look to fill the gap of what we called during the fourth quarter of 2015 through a further financing at the holding company and on a pro forma basis, this sources and uses table would show the impact of that. With respect to BGE, we’re retiring $300 million there. We’re issuing $750 million, so the net $450 million you’ll recall we have a significant gas program there where we are hardening and replacing infrastructure within our gas utility as well as we have significant investments in reliability on the distribution and transmission side. 
Jack Thayer: And then Barbara, just the difference this time obviously is we would issue on the other side of the transaction completing. So we have sources of funding that we can use to bridge. And then we would do a large holdco issuance to replace that short-term financing.
