Christopher M. Crane: Thanks, Ravi. Thanks, everybody, for taking the time to join us this morning. Operationally, we had another strong quarter with great performance in both the utilities and the entire generation fleet. Financially, the third quarter was strong and results were higher than our guidance range. The third quarter operating earnings were $0.78 per share. Jack's going to cover that in more detail in his remarks. Low commodity prices, low load growth and tough retail margins continue to challenge our industry. While these challenges are mostly beyond our control, we are leveraging our core competencies to control what we can and influence what we cannot. We're focused on operational excellence, regulatory advocacy, financial discipline and investment that provides value to our shareholders. As I said, operationally, we had a good quarter and we're having a very good year. Once again, our generation fleet performed at high levels. For the quarter, the nuclear fleet ran at 94.8% capacity factor, and during the summer period had a 97.4% capacity factor. The fossil and renewable fleet had a strong quarter as well. In particular, the fossil, hydro fleet performed at exceptional level with a dispatch match rate of 99.1%. The utility performance remains very solid. All 3 utilities year-to-date improved on the customer satisfaction index year-over-year, and in some case -- places, we're reaching our highest numbers that we've seen in over a decade. No major storms did contribute to this favorable quarter for the utilities. On the regulatory advocacy side, we continued to push on many fronts. The rate case for ComEd and BGE are on schedule, with decisions expected in December for both. On the RPM stakeholder process, we continue to work with PJM and other stakeholders on improving the capacity market rules. The stakeholders are discussing reforms in the area of reducing speculation, demand response and imports. PJM has committed and continues to commit to propose tariff reforms to FERC in time to take effect before the next auction in May. We are very pleased with the federal court decision on the New Jersey LCAPP program. Combined with the decision in Maryland, these decisions uphold the principles of the competitive electric markets by finding state programs such as the subsidizing certain power generation -- generators are unconstitutional. Our financial discipline is key to our success. With rightsizing the dividend early in the year, our balance sheet remains strong and provides us with the flexibility to make investments in challenging times. We continue to look at ways to strengthen it further. For example, the work that has been done in completing the Continental Wind off-balance sheet financing that was closed earlier this quarter. We believe project financing allows us to grow the business in a credit-supportive manner, and again, Jack's going to cover more of that in his -- details in his remarks. On the investment side, we continue to invest in our regulated and merchant businesses to drive value for the shareholders. On the utility side, we are growing rate base with investments in gas infrastructure, transmission and distribution systems and the Smart Grid and smart meter installations. On the smart meters, the installation of the projects at all 3 utilities are underway in 2013. BGE has installed over 4,000 -- 426,000 meters through the third quarter. PECO is at 465,000 meters, and the ComEd smart meter deployment began in September is off to a good start, installing nearly 10,000 meters in the first month. At Exelon Generation, we've installed 153 megawatts of solar capacity as part of the AVSR to date. There are 2 blocks that have been delayed due to issues on the construction. Jack's going to talk about the impacts on capital and revenue on that when he -- we go through his comments. So for the full year guidance, given our year-to-date performance, our expectations for the balance of the year, we are narrowing the full range guidance from $2.35 to $2.65 to $2.40 to $2.50 per share. Now I'll turn it over to Ken who will discuss the hedge disclosure and put some color on how we're incorporating the gas basis into our hedging.
Christopher M. Crane: Before we go to Jack, I need to correct one thing I said. I said the range was going to $2.40 to $2.50. That's $2.40 to $2.60 is the new range.
Christopher M. Crane: Thanks, Jack. There have been a few reports in the past month commenting on the impact of the lower gas and power prices on our earnings. I think these reports all assume that we'll sit on our hands and not take any action and the market participants will not rationalize their behavior. In fact, we continue to take a hard look at our assets and determine their economic viability. We will shut down facilities that we do not see a path to a long-term sustainable profitability. We've built our record on reducing costs and improving productivity of our business, which is shown in the $550 million of synergies from our merger, exceeding our original estimate. Our hedging portfolio -- we are hedging our portfolio to reflect our fundamental view of the market and that it will improve. We continue to look for opportunities to grow. We'll continue to advocate for public policies and market designs that properly compensate our fleet, victories in the court and legislative regulatory fronts that will support our pricing. We'll continue to optimize the use of capital structures, different capital structures like the Continental Wind project financing and our current view of some of the analysts on Exelon's expect performance is not where -- excuse me, the current view of some of the analysts on Exelon expected performance is not where we see it to be. We believe that the analysts have it very wrong, and we would like to change that. With that, I'll open it up for questions.
Christopher M. Crane: Greg, as you mentioned, we have pulled a substantial amount of costs out and we will update on our O&M at EEI. But I think it's safe to assume we are in the midst of our 5-year planning process that we're targeting flat O&M across the business plan at ExGen.
Christopher M. Crane: Greg, we've continually supported further consolidation in the industry not only across PJM where it can be done but in other RTOs also. We have a small group that's constantly looking at value-accretive potentials and will continue to look at that as we go forward.
Christopher M. Crane: So we think through 2014 into the first part of 2015, we should see the uplift in the market. If we have it wrong, then we -- there's some assets that we'll have to look at for the long-term profitability. And that would be around the timeframe that I think it will be a very serious conversation taking place.
Christopher M. Crane: Julien, I think I just commented at that at some level, but let me have Joe Nigro dive into that a little more for you.
Christopher M. Crane: Julien, just to reiterate those, a large piece of that is run rate business on our services and our natural gas sales that renew themselves on a monthly basis.
Christopher M. Crane: We would like to be more of a buyer in the ERCOT market where we see the market rules going. The most recent assets that have traded have been slightly above a value that we would put on them, so we'll still participate. Nothing I've seen yet would say it's time to liquidate. We think there's upside to that market, so there's upside to those asset valuations for the ones we have. And we'll continue to participate as things come to the market. But other entities have placed a slightly higher value on than we can see getting out of.
Christopher M. Crane: I think it has us look at more of project financing for the credit quality that it gives us and then bringing that cash back in for investment.
Christopher M. Crane: We do stress the balance sheet for any potential commitments that have to be made. If you look in the disclosure, we have the like-kind-exchange issue in the out years that where we feel that we're going to prevail on, but there was a probability shift and we had to put that in the disclosure. And we stressed the balance sheet to make that commitment before we agreed to the EDF potential point, we made sure that, that was stressed. So we are very comfortable where we're at right now with the balance sheet.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes, that's where the flexibility comes. If they're negative MPV and the negative cash flow would be in the valuation and so they're really not worth anything on the baseball arbitration. So we don't feel stressed over the deal. We think the upside we're getting from driving the synergies the cost savings out of it is the real focus of this.
Joseph Nigro: Greg, it's Joe Nigro. There's a couple of reasons for that. The first is I think you're right, we do expect the REX pipeline to move gas out to the Mid-Atlantic into the Midwest. Historically, we have seen the need for inflows to the Midwest area of natural gas to meet the demand and that, historically, come out of Canada in the Gulf Coast. We would expect to see the displacement from the gas moving in from the Mid-Atlantic and displacing that gas that, historically, has come out Canada and the Gulf. I think the other important point to mention though, Greg, is that gas basis is one component of it. When you look at our -- when we look at our fundamental forecasting and do all the puts and takes of what we expect from a generation change perspective over the next few years, you still only have gas on the margin a lot less than we do in the Mid-Atlantic. So the impact on the gas basis change when we see a $0.25 change in gas basis lower, for example, the impact on power pricing is less than $0.25 a megawatt-hour. So when you convert that to power, the impact isn't nearly as great.
Joseph Nigro: We take into account all the changes that we see in the generation stack when we run our analytics of our fundamental forecasting. We've seen a number of changes over the quarter with some units that we expected to remain in the generation stack actually retiring, some units that we expected to be refueled no longer going to continue operations. We've seen some of the announcement of what specifically energy plants to do with refueling some of the assets that they'd be acquiring from E&E [ph]. When we take all of that into account, as Ken mentioned a minute ago, we still see that $2 to $4 of upside in the market, when you look at the changes coming to the generation stack between the dispatch cost for the coal that remains, the increased cost when -- for plants that are going to refuel, you're talking about PRB coal trains that are currently dispatching $25 a megawatt-hour and refuel environment that's closer to $40 a megawatt-hour, so that has an uptick energy and then we continue to see that 20-plus gigawatts of coal retirements that we expect in PJM alone. And when you put them all that together, as Ken said, we expect to see the $2 to $4 of upside.
Joseph Nigro: Yes, we do see -- there's a couple of elements to that. We do see the impact of wind greater and greater especially on some of the plants at the nodal level of generation busbar as far as specific level, but we do factor that all into our modeling in the disclosures that we provide you represent the values of what we expect the plants to receive. At the generation busbar, we take that all into account.
Joseph Nigro: Yes, there's a couple of elements to that. The non-power bucket includes our fuels business both on the retail and wholesale side. It includes our services business on the retail side, so that would be energy efficiency, demand response, our BGE HOME business, our solar business and then lastly it includes the results of our proprietary trading book. What I would say is, as noted in the disclosure, the gross up of our services businesses are expensive. It really inflates the amount that remains to go, so the results of these businesses have been reflected on an EBIT basis in our earnings guidance. The gross up of those businesses the way it's reflected is approximately $100 million. So we're in line generally with the expectations that we remain with that non-power to go business. And again it's across the 3 areas I had mentioned, our services business, the seasonality to our fuels business and then finally a higher proprietary trading results.
Joseph Nigro: Yes, we've seen negative prices at some of our nuclear plants up to call it 15% of the hours. When we look at the modeling that we do, we see that there's constraints on the system and congestions. We take that into account when we're building the value of the disclosure up from the bottoms up, I would call it. So we're not marking the generators to a NiHub price. We're marking the generators to a busbar price that has an expectation of what the congestion in marginal losses will look like at each of those plants for each of the years, and that included in that is the expectation of what the wind development will be in that time period and the impact that it has.
Joseph Nigro: Yes, we continue to grow the wind development in the Midwest, and we continue to see degradation in the basis value of some of our plants. And that degradation is reflected in the buildup of our disclosure. We do expect as you get out past the period that we've disclosed with some transmission changes, you could see possible improvement but that's not reflected in this current disclosure. This current disclosure reflects the degradation that we've seen.
Joseph Nigro: Hugh, it's Joe. A couple of things. From a demand perspective, we forecast about 0.8% load growth in our $2 to $4 modeling across the PJM footprint. So historically, you've seen a conversion rate of, call it, 0.6% to 1% -- of 1% versus a 1% change in GDP. We're down to about 0.3% conversion and it's on the back of what you're talking about energy efficiency and demand response. In addition to that, we've run a sensitivity that if we were flat over the 5-year horizon with 0 load growth, the impact to that $2 to $4 is about $1 of megawatt-hour, just to give you some frame of reference of what the load growth value represents. I think to your question on the shape of the load flattening, I think it's safe to say we have seen that already, given the fact that we have seen substantial amount of demand response. And we have seen the impact of energy efficiency. I think the element that I would add though in our $2 to $4 of modeling, we don't include any upside associated with the rule changes in PJM as it relates to demand response bidding into the energy market. For frame of reference, we saw a couple of times this summer, we're the first energy market went to $1,800 a megawatt-hour in the back of demand response bidding. And I think just as importantly from the Exelon perspective in September during the heat wave given some generation outages and transmission outages, they implemented about 6,000 megawatts demand response that if you're bidding in the energy market would have a price associated with it that would've made to telling people it's very different that it actually did. So yes, it does flatten the load but I think there is an ancillary benefit when you think about what price that demand response we'll be bidding at and it can set the locational marginal price.
Joseph Nigro: It's Joe Nigro. Our retail business, the market environment overall still remains extremely competitive, and it's extremely competitive both on the commercial and industrial side and on the mass market side. What I would say to you is we've seen some stabilizing effect on our margins, meaning we've talked to you that our margins on the C&I side for power have been sub-$2, and they remain so, but they've stabilized slightly below that. And our expectation in our plan as we look at next year is not to see much improvement in that area. We have seen consolidation with what went on with the [indiscernible] with the direct energy process of buying but the market is still highly competitive.
Joseph Nigro: But I think Ken mentioned this earlier. We still hold a view of $2 to $4 of upside and the $2 when we're reflected is on the West -- on the eastern side of PJM, excuse me, and it's driven -- really, when you look at the changing composition of the dispatch stack in the locational margin price model, there are still hours that the eastern unit benefit from that change of the dispatch stack. So we have seen a degradation and basis as we talk about the gas basis -- gas that market basis is reflected in our analytical modeling and we're using those prices and with all that we do see the $2 of upside expected in the Mid-Atlantic.
Jonathan W. Thayer: Sure. So, Dan, you've heard us speak about the reduction in the dividend gives us between $1 billion and $2 billion of balance sheet space or growth capital that we could use and deploy. As we look at various markets and assets, interestingly, you're seeing, in certain markets, very attractive pricing from an ownership standpoint in ERCOT, and obviously, we're a very major owner that isn't necessarily translating into perceived value into our merchant fleet. In other markets, there've been recent transactions in New England, as well, at attractive values. And as you know, through our Boston Gen acquisition, we are a significant owner in that region as well. There hasn't been a lot. I would say there has been a whole lot of speculation about PJM. There hasn't been any actual assets. And so we'll watch, as will others, as other companies may look to strategically realign to a more regulated footprint.
Jonathan W. Thayer: Brian, the open gross margin's unchanged. Most of our disclosure lines like our new business, non-power margins, those elements are largely going to be unchanged. We are hedging so we do have positive value in the mark-to-market of hedges. We will disclose exactly what that is in a couple of weeks. So I was referring to a similar 2015 to '16 outlook except for that we have had less hedging so somewhat less of mark-to-market hedge value.
Jonathan W. Thayer: So Brian, this is Jack. Where you've seen the YieldCo [ph] particularly at NRG have success, they really have a shareholder base that values those shares on the basis of exposure, the power markets and on an EBITDA-multiple basis. They had a modest dividend but they had an opportunity to carve off assets into a yield-oriented vehicle to optimize that. I think people own us for both our upside to power markets but also our dividend. And certainly, our renewables assets and the contracted nature of them as it factors into our ability to pay a dividend and drive value and reduced volatility in the earnings profile of the company, we think create value. That said, we do look at many structures, and we certainly have assets that align to those types of structures. And to the extent that there are -- that the price of capital for those structures and the need to acquire assets drives the markets higher, then the implied value of our renewables fleet should improve along with that.
Jonathan W. Thayer: And the reality is, Brian, as you know, we can tap many markets to secure capital to grow our business. And if you think about who the investors are in those yield-oriented names, whether they're pension funds or insurance companies or other elements, we're capping similar capital, as Chris mentioned, through the project financing side. We could, through other means, secure capital as well from those entities at a lower cost of capital. And there are opportunities in a nonpublic vehicle to form relationships with entities to benefit from that lower cost of capital. So rest assured, we're looking at any and always optimize the cost of capital for our company as we look to deploy capital for growth and the implied yield or cost of capital on certain of those YieldCo is not lost on us.
Jonathan W. Thayer: And remember there's -- as part of that contract, there's a baseball arbitrage type of valuation approach. So to the extent where the challenge course spread market, then that should show up in the implied value of those assets, thereby reducing the put value.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Steve, I would say, if you look at our hedge disclosure and go down the lines between '15 and '16, we will relatively see flat '15 to '16 in open in several other areas. I would say we have a mark-to-market of hedges in '15 that's $450 million. We have been hedging 2016 and we have positive mark-to-market value at those hedges as well. And I just wanted to make sure you all were thinking about that and we'll go into much more detail at EEI in a couple of weeks.
Kenneth W. Cornew: The flattish is open in several areas. On the hedge, there is a lower hedge mark-to-market of hedges in '16 and '15, but it's not drastic. We have positive mark-to-market value, and like I said, I'd like to go through that more detail at EEI.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Hey, Greg, I think we're making -- I'm sorry, Steve. Steve, we're making a couple of comments there. Chris talked about what we see as upside, and I sound like a broken record when I do this, but I'm going to do it again. In 2013, so far, at NiHub, we're seeing an 8.6 heat rate. We're seeing close to $32 power prices. And then when you look out the curve, you see sub-$31 prices until 2016, with contango in gas and you see heat rates that are a full point lower. We have -- we scrubbed and continue to scrub our modeling of coal retirements. We look at all the announcements and the activity that's going on in the market, whether it's a plants that -- some may think we're retiring and are now being converted to natural gas, whether it's some plants that a lot of people didn't think are retiring that are retiring. And we've actually, given the latest information we've seen on coal plants, we actually are a little more bullish in our analytics about our $2 to $4 upside. We quite frankly have been conservative and has some plants running on coal long term that now have been announced to either being converted to gas, which will take them out of the stack -- take them up the stack and not running nearly as much or actually retiring. So we do think when the spot market rationalizes itself in '15, '16, you're going to see a very different heat rate environment than what the forward markets projecting. I think the other thing is important to realize here is, as Chris said, we're going to be very disciplined and rational about our actions if this is the market. And we're not going to sit on the current market valuations and prices and do nothing about it. So I think that's what we're trying to say. We do think the market will improve. We do think we need to be compensated fairly for the assets and what we provide with our fleet, and we're going to work hard at it.
