Calvin Butler: Thank you, Jeanne. I will close on Slide 10 by reminding you of your 2024 -- of our 2024 business priorities and commitments and the unique power of our platform. As always, we start with operational excellence, providing safe and reliable power to our customers as the demands on the grid continue to increase. We remain committed to achieving regulatory outflows and adequately balanced stakeholder interest, supporting the necessary progress on the energy transformation. This includes completing the ComEd grid plan process in a way that allows sufficient investment in the grid to support Illinois energy goals. We are focused on delivering on all of our financial commitments for the year, investing $7.4 billion of capital expenditures while earning a consolidated ROE of 9% to 10% and delivering operating earnings per share of $2.40 to $2.50 per share. And we expect to achieve this while executing on our financing plan to maintain a strong balance sheet. We continue our strong advocacy for equitable and balanced energy transition, taking advantage of the unprecedented federal support through IIJA for investment across the ecosystem while continuing our industry-leading efforts to strengthen our communities. As you may have seen, we are proud to partner with the Cal Ripken Sr. Foundation to open 81 STEM centers across various cities. We serve, including Atlantic City, Chicago, Philadelphia, Wilmington and Washington, D.C. We opened the very first of those in April in Lansdowne, Maryland, and we are excited give students an opportunity to gain hands-on knowledge, skills and confidence in areas like coding and engineering, which are indispensable in the energy industry. We also continue to focus on maintaining a long-term O&M trajectory that supports customer affordability while relentlessly pursuing opportunities to operate more efficiently as one Exelon. Executing against our established priorities and commitments year in and year out is what you would expect of a premier utility. In many ways, those priorities and commitments aren't new. The foundation of operational excellence and a commitment to values that support the diverse communities we have, the privilege and responsibility to serve was established long ago by Chris. He demanded continuous improvement from the businesses he ran while relentlessly advocating for sensible and long-sighted policies. And he was an equally strong champion of diversity and inclusion, including industry-leading efforts to advance equitable recruitment, retention and promotion of women along with award-winning programs in workforce development and supply diversity. Indeed, he laid the foundation for the STEM Academy initiative that I highlighted moments ago. We will all miss Chris, and we look forward to honoring his legacy by pushing Exelon to lead the energy transformation with the platform and culture that he helped establish. Gigi, that concludes our prepared remarks, and we welcome any questions from the audience. 
Calvin Butler: The short answer is yes. And I would tell you that we continue to see significant activity around high-density load growth in general. As we discussed in our -- as recently as our Q4 2023 earnings call, we have high probability of load growth, not only in Illinois, but Pennsylvania. And I have with me Dave Velazquez and both Mike Innocenzo, who can provide you further color. But the short answer is yes, and I'll turn it over to them to see if they want to add anything. 
Calvin Butler: And the key to your question for me is that the utilities in all of our jurisdictions, we will be a partner in economic development, identifying areas and opportunities to put the assets of our jurisdictions in play. Thank you for the question. 
Calvin Butler: Let me just always say thank you for joining today and for your interest in Exelon. Always appreciated you taking the time and asking questions, and we look forward to connecting with all of you over the next several months. And with that, Gigi, that concludes today's call. 
