Chris Crane: Thanks, Joe. Turning to Slide 16, we are accomplishing things we committed to do, including maintaining industry leading operations, meeting our financial commitments, effectively deploying more than $5 billion in capital across our utilities this year and advocating for policies that support clean energy. Our strategy remains the right one and we are committed to our value proposition. We will continue to grow the utilities targeting a 7.8% rate base growth and a 6% to 8% earnings growth through 2022. We continue to use, as Joe mentioned, the free cash flow from Genco to fund incremental equity needs at the utilities, paydown debt and fund part of the growing dividend. We will continue to optimize the value of our ExGen business by seeking fair compensation for zero emitting generation fleet, closing uneconomic plants like we did with TMI and Oyster Creek, selling assets where it makes sense to accelerate our debt reduction plans and maximizing value through the Generation to load match strategy at Constellation. We will sustain strong investment-grade metrics. We'll grow our dividend annually by 5% through 2020. The strategy underpinning this value proposition is effective. We remain committed to optimizing the value of our businesses and earn your ongoing support of Exelon. Operator, we can now turn it over to questions. Thank you.
Chris Crane: I can't stress how important the spring legislative session will be for the future of the four sites that are not covered under the ZEC program. So we'll be watching -- there's couple of variables here, we'll be watching what happens with the FERC order and what PJMs responses to the FERC order driving the legislation, but the first half of 2020, will be a real critical point in decision making and potential announcements one way or the other.
Chris Crane: There is a grand-jury investigation going on. There's not a lot of details that we can provide at this point. The timeline is not set by us, it's set by the government and the grand-jury and we'll continue to cooperate. Anything we learn from our outside attorneys doing the independent investigation will immediately take action on and correct. But our cooperation with the government -- full cooperation, very open cooperation is the imperative here. And like I said, we're not passing judgment on is anything legal or illegal and some of our past practices with contract lobbyists or consultants. So these things can take a while. I don't expect it will impede our business at all. Going forward is keeping the eye on the ball, improving the operations, driving the reliability while driving efficiency at the same time. The management team is very focused. There's a lot of speculation in news articles. There is things out there that people are speculating on that they're getting to say that the best. So we'll just have to continue the process, continue to cooperate, continue to keep our eye on the ball and when it comes time that we're able to speak we can provide a little bit more color on any corrective actions we've taken. But for now, it's -- we can't go there.
Chris Crane: Sure, I'll cover the first part and Joe Dominguez is with us and I'll let him cover the second part. The conversations, negotiations, strategy for the legislation is still an active conversation with many stakeholders. And when you talk about the Clean Jobs Coalition, just so you know that's not a very structured organization. And to speak as a body, as somebody did to one publication, we're still very close in conversation with some of those members of the coalition and we'll continue, but there is a lot of people involved, there is different coalitions, there's the path to one hundred to the clean jobs coalition. There is the labor. So things are continuing to evolve in conversations with leadership and the legislature are continuing to take place. So it's not like we're stalled or stopped or don't have parties to deal with. Kathleen is doing -- for the Generation side doing a significant part of that. And Joe is working to not only support what the Governor wants and what the State wants, but in the meantime, also protecting the consumers to make sure what we're doing to get to the path to a 100% clean by 2030 is done in a most economic fashion. I'll Kathleen if she wants to add anything more to the first part and I'm going to turn it over to Joe.
Chris Crane: Well, we -- the value is the consistency in the process of the rate cases. We are tied to the 30-year and that was a negotiation that was done. If you look at the history of the rate cases and how it has improved the regulatory process and the consistency of the regulatory process, I think there's a lot of value in that. When you get 100% of ask or 99.6% of ask and you're not litigating something over an extended period, it creates predictability. We can't control the 30-year, but we can control the efficiency and the productivity of the system with the right regulatory format and that's what we've done. As for Clinton and Quad cities it did save the plants and it's more than just saving losing cash, we would have shut them down and that issue would have been resolved very quickly. It's meaningful to state in the community but it also is providing a profitable cash flow from those units. We're working on legislation that would either secure on the other four sites in the state through the FRR process or we will shut those plants down. So -- in a point in time with the low interest rate, you could point to that and say we haven't got anything, but that is not been the historical case, and going forward, we'll watch what we can do if interest rates persist to stay low what action we should take. But I would have to tell you that, I understand the sentiment of your view or your question but there has been a great deal of consistency that's happened and a great deal of ability to invest capital. It's more than just the ROE, right. We have been able to through legislative terms -- been able to consistently invest needed capital for reliability and efficiency and be able to earn a return. They may be a little bit lower returns but we're able to predictably invest the money and predictably get a return on the money. So that's huge, if you go back historically to what's happened in some of our jurisdictions investing money at risk and then getting the disallowances in the regulatory process was much more damning than having a low 30-year rate and having a low ROE , but still an ROE that's above our cost of capital.
Chris Crane: We don't evaluate the market response -- projected market response from shutting the plants down. So what we do evaluate is the current financial performance of the free cash flow and earnings and then the forward projected based on the forward curves and look at the credit metrics and the balance sheet to see what's happening. And so we have discussed openly that there -- the four sites are in the future at current forwards with the current capacity market being managed the way it is by PJM versus the needs that the state wants to maintain the clean energy sources with lack of being able to get legislation to change and be able to pull ourselves out of a very inefficient by what the state wants auction process at PJM and go into FRR. They're marginal at best to looking forward to losing cash and earnings. So that's the situation. Now, I don't think we're announcing the amounts yet. We're continuing to evaluate these numbers, but I can tell you that some are more dire than others at this point and we need to move forward with the legislation to prevent the loss for the state from an environmental perspective and from economic perspective.
Chris Crane: Yeah, the expectation is for all employees and all executives to participate in whatever manner they're requested to, if that's providing information or having discussions. That's the expectation. Peoples employment is based on their total record, but our expectation is full cooperation and ethical behavior.
Chris Crane: Well nothing has been linked to the investigation and the legislation. Right now, there is -- to run any legislation we've got to see a FERC order and we probably won't see the FERC order of PJMs response. Both of those tied together till sometime in the first quarter which will enable us to refine a legislative path going forward. If for some reason we don't garner support as a coalition in a large group of stakeholders to go forward with the legislation by what we see in the market forwards today, plants will start to shut down. That's the reality if something doesn't happen in the Spring. Because PJM will run there are auctions, and if there is lack of legislation or our ability to withhold the load and the generation from that auction, the expectation of clearing megawatts you've seen the trend. So without being able to get capacity revenue for those eight reactors and the market forwards being as low as they are right now. It's uneconomic and the one thing we are not going to do is sit around and damage the balance sheet and create a situation that's unrecoverable. The responsibility of the balance sheet is very felt very strong by the management team and the actions that we will take. If lack of cohesive and complete resolution path forward. We can't sit here for years and bleed cash and build up debt and damage the HoldCo and further damage the Genco.
Chris Crane: I just want to thank everybody for participating in the call today and the questions. And I understand that we can't answer everything right now, but rest assured, we're taking all the actions that are necessary to ensure we can put this behind us. So thank you. With that, I'll close out the call.
Joe Nigro: Yeah, Greg. You're spot on. I think it's a combination of factors. It's -- the lower volatility in the marketplace, I mean, we had a warm summer here and we didn't see much volatility, we didn't see prices respond. I do want to stress that we're talking about the wholesale side of our business, our retail business remains very solid. And as it relates to ExGen, we announced these cost cuts which mostly offset the reduction in new business targets. As Chris mentioned, depending on the outcome of Illinois, there is still other things that we would have to evaluate on how our business model changes and disposition of assets. There is other costs that we would look at -- some of the levers we have at hand, we'll continue to address capex obviously and any other asset financing. So there is a combination of factors here. But specifically to the drop in the new business targets, it is the market environment that we're seeing.
Joe Nigro: Yeah, Greg. Good questions, Joe again. We update once a year on our Q4 call and we -- and as it relates to Exelon utilities and we will expect to do that on the call in February. Having said that, we are seeing the impact of the lower ROEs at ComEd just for reference every 50 basis point move up or down is about $0.03 of EPS. So for 2019 for example, the weighted average 30-year is down approximately 50 basis points and you see that with our revised guidance. The 30-year treasury on the forward curve is down approximately 70 basis points versus 12/31. I would say though that's one piece of the plan. The capex plan, as we've said, only corporates identified projects that benefit the consumer and improve the liability in the customer experience. We have seen through time that as we get closer to a given period, we find need for an additional investment to continue to improve the liability in that customer experience and we'll continue to work hard at that as we move forward.
Joe Nigro: Praful. Good morning. What -- I think if you think about what the intrinsic strategy of our generation business is, it's been producing electric generation and we deliver it to our customer-facing businesses and that still continues. Obviously, the power markets have some challenges and you've seen what we done -- we've done with our new business, we continue to work hard to find ways to reduce the cost structure both from an O&M and capital investment perspective of our generation assets as well as our Constellation business. And I think that's -- what you'll see us continue to do. I think the second piece of that gets into the industrial strategy of what we're trying to accomplish as a company. You see how we're investing in our utilities, you see how we continue to manage our balance sheet and we continue to return value to the shareholders. That is being done on the back of cash flows that are being generated -- free cash flow that's being generated at Exelon Generation and we will continue to work hard to do that as we continue to transform the Generation business. So last piece is obviously, as we've talked about in our prepared remarks and with some of the questions, we announced this cost cutting exercising business as usual state, depending on the outcome of the legislation in Illinois, clearly there is other elements to our business that would need to evolve under certain scenarios, so we'll continue to work hard at that and then that'll be dictated by other outcomes.
