Calvin Butler: Thank you, Jeanne. With just a couple of months left to go in 2023, I'll conclude with a reminder of our goals and priorities for the year. First, our foundation is operational excellence, which benefits our customers and communities. As I mentioned, our employees rose to the challenges they always do for our summer storms, but we're ready to close out the year strong to prove we have the best operators in the business. Indeed, PA Consulting just awarded ComEd with its 2022 Reliability One National Reliability Award, one of the most prestigious honors in the electric utility industry, recognizing it for sustained leadership, innovation and achievement in the area of electric reliability. This award highlights the value of a committed operating team executing on a sophisticated operating plan and investment strategy provides the customers the grid that they deserve.  I now want to take a moment to just recognize Terry Donnelley, COO of ComEd. Terry will be retiring at the end of this year after almost 12 years in that position. Terry thank you for his continued steadfast leadership and also the selection between him and Gil Kionas of David Perez, who is stepping in as a longtime Senior VP into the role of Chief Operating Officer. We have high expectations of date that they will continue to deliver on the operational performance that Illinois customers have come to expect.  We are also focused on completing a number of the rate cases we have underway, including BGE's multiyear plan for its gas and electric systems as well as ComEd's multiyear rate and grid investment plans. We continue to believe that parties in both cases have a shared interest in reaching outcomes that align with the state's energy policy and equity goals while ensuring we have the certainty and confidence to make the investments needed to serve our customers reliably. The Climate and Equitable Jobs Act was passed in 2021, with the promise of making Illinois a leader in the energy transformation. The approval of these first electric multiyear plans are a key moment for the state to advance its clean energy goals and follow the thoughtful ambitious plan and process the state laid out in the Climate and Equitable Jobs Act. We are optimistic that the state of Illinois will seize the opportunity.  Third, we will finish out the year meeting our financial guidance, narrowing our guidance range to $2.32 to $2.40 per share demonstrates the confidence we have in executing despite the historically mild weather this year, and we remain on track to invest $7.2 billion of capital and earned consolidated ROE in the 9% to 10% range. Lastly, we never want to lose sight of our responsibility to our customers and communities as the premier transmission distribution utility. Just this past quarter, ComEd and PECO were 2 of only 6 utilities to partner with local governments and community-based groups to win DOE support from its Clean Energy to Communities program. Through this program, ComEd will help explore low carbon transportation technologies for Chicago, like freight travel electrification, while PECO will assist in creating a regional hub to streamline procurement of the most impactful clean energy technologies for the Delaware Valley region. BGE awarded grants to 41 nonprofit organizations in Maryland to support environmental stewardship programs. And Pepco energized the first of 3 substations as part of its capital grid project which is Pepco's forward-looking plan to upgrade or add substations and underground transmission cable to modernize and strengthen our nation capitals grid. In doing so, Pepco was able to provide $29 million to local suppliers and $30 million to diverse suppliers as part of the work to complete that substation. And those examples show whether it's providing direct support to our customers, our community organizations, facilitating access to support from federal or national organizations or ensuring our work on the grid benefits our jurisdictions end-to-end, the Exelon team is focused on ensuring all of its actions are intentional in serving the greater purpose of leading the energy transformation.  These goals are what make for premier T&D utility, one that embraces the opportunity to lead the energy transformation partners with its jurisdictions to achieve their goals, uplift its communities and meets the expectations laid out for the investment community, offering a total shareholder return of 9% to 11%.  Thank you, as always, for your interest. I'll now turn it to Gigi for your questions.
Calvin Butler: Yes, David. I'll start, but then I'll turn it over to David Velazquez, who's here with me that has our transmission strategy group reporting up to him and working with all the opcos. As I mentioned, I believe our transmission buildout has tremendous opportunity to not only strengthen what we're doing but also lengthen our earnings growth and doing it in a way that ensures not only reliability but the ability to connect renewables to the grid. And David and his team have put together a robust plan, and I'll let him take a moment to walk you through.
Calvin Butler: But it's important to note, Paul, that ComEd starts below the national average in terms of overall rates. So as I like to think of the headroom within that utility to invest and move the state forward exists. One, because of the carbon mitigation credits, but also because they start from a position of strength and having some of the lowest rates in the country. I think it's roughly 23% below large city national average. That's where ComEd's in
Calvin Butler: Yes. I would tell you that, as we talked about, I'll first start with 1 step, and this is just another step in the process, as Gil laid out, coming off the world series, I think we're in the sixth inning, right? We're in the sixth inning of a long game. And that's just -- it's 1 step. Staff was one, and you saw they came in at 8.9%, talking about the formula rate, and then we get the ALJ, we were able to respond, then we get the ALJ's ruling of 9.28, so we will continue to respond to the evidence as presented and present additional data for this commission to work with. And that includes not only ROE, that includes return on pension assets. As I talked about in my statement, it warrants a return, and we have even come to an agreement with the Attorney General of Illinois, where a minimal getting a debt return. And so we continue to move forward and present the why. And I think that's the powerful part of this, Jeremy, is that when we can articulate the why and frame how it's beneficial for all customers and moving -- having a productive and efficient company that's moving the state's goals, we'll get there. So to get into the details of this -- of any other piece of this early in the process, I think we'd be inserting ourselves deeper before the full commission has a chance to hear the evidence. As Gil has laid out, we have when our next filing deal that we're presenting to them. The brief on exceptions will be on November 8, November 8. And we'll lay it out all fully Jeremy, on November 8 as to the what and the why.
Calvin Butler: CJ, as always, thank you very much, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Financial Conference in a week. Jeanne and the team and I, we're looking forward to just engaging with you in a more robust and deep manner at that conference. And with that, that concludes our call. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. No, everything we've given you assumes that we pay, the corporate alternative minimum tax. And so regardless of how that turns out, our commitment is to do the 425 million between now and 2025. So that doesn't change regardless of the outcome here.
Jeanne Jones: Yes, it's Jeanne. I think it's how we've always thought about it. We rolled out the $31 billion on our last call. We talked about financing in a balanced approach with internal cash flows and a mix of debt and equity. And so I think to the extent we continue to see more and more work, which we know there will be. We'll finance it in a way that maintains that cushion on the balance sheet that we target, but also ensures that we meet our 6% to 8% earnings growth.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I think as I mentioned with David's earlier question, we'll do it in a balanced way. I think we've got a lot that we're pulling together here. We've got some really exciting incremental transmission opportunities. We have incremental investments from the new rate cases that we've been filing. So we're going to pull all that together as we always do in the fourth quarter and give you a full update when all of that is final. We should have some more information again at the end of the year by the corporate alternative minimum tax. We'll embed any additional cost savings that we're finding as we continue to get further out of separation. So we'll -- as I mentioned, we'll fund any new incremental capital with a mix of internal cash flows reinvesting back into the business that and to the extent necessary do what we need to do to make sure we maintain that cushion on the balance sheet but always also hit our earnings target of 6% to 8%. So we'll do it in that balance, thoughtful way.
Jeanne Jones: We have $1 billion ATM in place. And so we can always just leverage that in kind of dollar cost average in as needed.
