Kenneth W. Cornew: Yes. Greg, June 30 was a relative low point from a pricing perspective, and prices were largely down from $1.50 to $2. As of the end of July here, we've -- the prices have rebounded about halfway, so $1 of that price is back in energy prices. So commensurate with that, as Chris commented on, we would expect to see our open gross margin calculation make its way halfway back up to where it was on April 30.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Yes. Stephen, you did see a decline in heat rates in the last couple of months. Obviously, some of that is driven by increases in natural gas prices. We've noticed the tendency for power prices to be sluggish and how they move relative to gas. And really, as we got into the summer period and you started to see summer heat rates, the spot heat rates increased, that has created a rebound somewhat in the power price dynamic and you see power prices come back up. Again, it's a market that has a lot of different dynamics to it that are driven by future expectations or price, but as you see, reality in the spot market, it tends to have influence on longer-term prices as well. And I think higher spot heat rates have driven power prices up.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Sure, and there's no question that Maryland Commission has not been particularly amenable to forward-looking adjustments. They didn't support any of those in the recent cases. However, we do think we have a compelling reason for proposing some of those. And then in parallel with that, we are still looking at opportunities to work with the Maryland legislature. We had some success in a, what was called the STRIDE Bill, looking at gas safety-related investments, which we almost got across the finish line, and we're going to be reintroducing that again. So we're going to be working both sides, both the legislative and the regulatory process.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Yes, Julien. And clearly, spot-basis figures have dropped significantly and it really is explained, in my mind, by coal and gas competition. So a significant amount of basis in the past has been driven by cheaper power prices in the Midwest, cheaper plants and higher costs and a higher heat rate used in the East. Now as gas and coal competition occur, those basis numbers drop. I think that's the main reason we've seen a squeeze in basis. I don't think there are major structural changes that are driving spot basis and forward basis right now. Obviously, with coal retirements coming in 2015 and some reinforcement of the grid, there are going to be some changes.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Yes. As I've stated in the -- on Analyst Day, we expect margins in the $2 to $4 area, and we don't see any reason to change that perspective.
Kenneth W. Cornew: No, we're remaining disciplined and we will stay within a relative band around ratable hedging. We got ahead of our ratable plans starting in the third and fourth quarter of last year, seeing the potential for gas price roll down. So we got ahead of our ratable plan and this statement just points to the fact that we slowed down our hedging in the second quarter. Hedged at a slower than ratable case but fall back to a ratable position at this point.
Kenneth W. Cornew: No, Paul, it's Ken. The demand response was called for emergency situations. And on July 17 and 18, really, speaking of the -- that full LMP concept was not in place at the time. This demand was last committed to the capacity market so that kind of -- the demand response was called for reliability reasons in the East as Chris indicated.
Kenneth W. Cornew: The forecast for the end of the year is weather adjusted down 6/10 of 1%, about in line with what PECO and ComEd are showing.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. If the hearing goes well, it resolves the issues that are causing us to under-earn. The -- if you remember the rate, the formula rate is based off of 580 basis points above the composite treasury. So we would get back to what we think the legislative package that had allowed us to earn what Anne [ph] is earning.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. We're engaged in a dialogue with the generators and PJM. I'll ask Joe Dominguez to cover where we're at in the process now.
Christopher M. Crane: We definitely want to do this in a cohesive manner and go under the filing to FERC on the, I think it's the 205s. More of an uncontested unified voice from PJM but don't plan on stopping. We'll continue to push the issue.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes, we expect everything wrapped up within the timeframe allowed. I think we have a 30-day extension that allows everything to be cleaned up by September 9. But it's well underway and don't expect bumps in the road.
Christopher M. Crane: The ICC rate order would have been x'd out, but some of the assumptions around working capital and timing, we did not build into our operating cash flow assumptions that time given the timing of the announcement relative to our Analyst Day. So that's an incremental, roughly $75 million hit to working capital and cash flow relative to what we showed at Analyst Day. So the significant portion of it is the timing of the tax that adds in.
Christopher M. Crane: We don't have an exact number. There are some projects that are still under construction right now. We have Antelope Valley that will go into 2013. We'll still look at other opportunities. I would say that the wind growth would be significantly reduced with the PTC going away. There probably will be some solar opportunities left, and we'll continue to focus on those.
Christopher M. Crane: If you look at the numbers we have slated for 2014 in that rounded up CapEx spend of about $425 million, we would look at other uses of that if they created value. We just don't see the wind being there to use that to -- the market being there to need that expenditure. But we'll continue to look at others.
Christopher M. Crane: It has the potential to be reallocated based off of the value of the investments that we can find at the time. What we're trying to do in this period and we've talked about a sustainable growth, is really focus on the flexibility that we have on the balance sheet, look at what our potential investment opportunities could be. They meet the hurdle rates, they help drive the outyear earnings. So it's not that we would -- if wind's not there, we're not investing anymore. We go to different areas and see if there's a good value proposition. And if not, we don't spend the money.
Christopher M. Crane: We are -- we do have a very strong view on PTCs. We're -- and publicly, we're asking them to be stopped. We do have a wind business. We think wind should be in the portfolio, but what's happening, I think there's unintended consequences with all the fundamental shifts in the generating stack right now between coal retirements, natural gas coming down, trying to subsidize a single source can create some market distortions. And we're asking for a break period, let's let the market stabilize. That PTC has been in place since 1992, I believe. And I think that's enough time to jumpstart an industry, 20 years. So we've made it known even as a wind company that it should be stopped and let's stabilize the fundamentals so we all know where we can make our investments.
Christopher M. Crane: So the -- we're only recognizing the net profits from the JV, not trying to fold in the operating expense. So from an accounting perspective, it's comparable, yes.
Christopher M. Crane: And, Brian, just the rationale for giving you this is in our Generation statistics, we show the megawatt-hours under purchased power for CENG, and we wanted comparability to the extent that you wanted to model this on a P x Q basis so you could model in the full impact of CENG's P&L.
Christopher M. Crane: That's right. It's rounded to the nearest $50 million, and it just -- it's the nature of the numbers that the spread is really within that $50 million advance.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes, I don't think we're prepared to address the MidwestGen and I hadn't heard about that. But the commitments in the auction, I don't -- they would not rerun the auction. Joe or Ken, you want to jump in? The fall for provisions are...
Christopher M. Crane: Yes, we typically don't go into a lot of detail about the discussions of the agencies, but we haven't had any conversations around it. We continue to look at our models. We continue to look at our growth opportunities. We are very comfortable with cash from operations covering our operations requirements, including the dividend. And so if there is an equity, it would be off of a growth opportunity that we want to pursue, and to uncover the upside of that would cover the dilution of the equity issuance. But there hasn't been any real dialogue beyond what we had with you at the Analyst Day.
Christopher M. Crane: We think the New York ISO is looking outward to try to find ways to improve that forward capacity market, and we do want to support that dialogue to how to stimulate the right kind of investment into the market. I think they've had that discussion looking forward, too. As far as the FERC filing issue...
Christopher M. Crane: There are so many variables in and around that. We have to see the effects in the market of how gas stabilizes out. We have to look at what the effects are with the [indiscernible]. It would be pretty premature to pick that date right now. We continue to really focus on high reliability, solid investments, keeping a discipline on the expense, working hard to build the right rate base within the utilities and get the right return, focusing on a higher contribution on the dividend in the earnings from the utilities. So there's a lot of things in play. I couldn't pick 2016 we're back there, but it's -- there's work that we can do, and we are doing it, and then there's the market fundamentals that will drive a significant portion of that.
Christopher M. Crane: I wouldn't go there. I wouldn't go one way or the other. We don't project earnings in the outyears and there's a lot of fundamentals around that. We do have a ratable hedging that secures us, slowly blends in while perturbations of market adjustments. But there's -- I don't know if I'd hit that point yet.
Christopher M. Crane: There's many participants in the market today that are willing to invest for new generation. We're doing so in our Nuclear operates. There's others that are doing so with new iron in the ground. We continue to model and have been modeling when that would be a good opportunity for us for those type of developments. And what we're messaging with the other market participants, the more that's done to subsidize generation, the uncertainty in the market is created, and we have to pull back on investing capital. So that's good infrastructure not being built because jobs are not really coming in, and that's the company's view and that's why we're taking the position we are.
Christopher M. Crane: I think actually, James' question was if there is a stakeholder consensus, do we expect it to get through FERC, and my answer was yes. But I also said that there's a good bit of work to do to get a sufficient number of stakeholders on board with MOPR revisions. We're in process with that. I don't think anything we will come to will have universal support. We're going to try to get majority support for some changes, we're cautiously optimistic we're going to get there, and that's as much as we can say about the process at this point in time.
Christopher M. Crane: We hadn't put that in since BGE's decoupled. It really is just a pass-through. I don't know if you want to discuss your load anymore, Ken, but the...
Christopher M. Crane: Okay. Thank you. And thank you again for your time today. We look forward to seeing many of you in the near future. I know we have many sessions where we'll be going out. In closing, again, this quarter, the Exelon companies have demonstrated its commitment to operation and financial results. We do maintain a disciplined approach to investing in the future, paying close attention to the market conditions and the policy decisions that have meaningful impacts to our business. I am excited about the opportunities that our unique platform brings, both through our existing operations, as well as towards our sustainable growth plans. I'm very proud of the progress that we made with the merger and more importantly, extremely grateful for the commitment and the dedication shown by everybody to remain focused on delivering the operational and financial goals as we advance through the transition. Our unique platform creates the opportunities, as I've said, for both the existing operations and for the future operations. And with that, thanks for attending.
Joseph Dominguez: We've had several discussions with PJM and other stakeholders. We remain cautiously optimistic that we're going to get revisions to the MOPR process in advance of next year's auction. Obviously, our discussions are confidential. But I think there is widespread understanding of our concerns regarding the MOPR exemption process. And I think as time goes on, there's going to be an effort to change that process. That's about as much as I can say about those discussions.
Joseph Dominguez: It is my view. I think if the stakeholders come together with proposed revisions that address some of the defects in the exemption process and their sufficient support of that, I think it would get through FERC fairly easily. Obviously, the process being that we get to that solution, and we have some work to do to get there. Again, we're cautiously optimistic we will.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, there are obviously the fall provisions and the incremental auctions for people to buy replacement capacity if capacity drops out for any reason. We're not going to comment on, as Chris said, MidwestGen's particular situation.
Joseph Dominguez: I don't think we know what MidwestGen units clear in any particular auction. We can't know that. So we definitely can't do that calculation.
Joseph Dominguez: I would say, Paul, it's due almost entirely to higher gas prices. There has been higher spot heat rates in the middle and the Midwest region, lower spot heat rates in the ERCOT region, so it depends on what we're talking about here. But mostly, the increase in gas has driven a commensurate increase in power prices. And it's not really a fundamental shift from a forward sense in heat rates at all. Heat rates are very flat from a 13 to 16x rate.
Joseph Dominguez: Heat rates are typically inversely correlated to natural gas, so they will fall. Heat rates are higher relatively than the year's historical heat rates have been. They reached a high point with the low point in natural gas a couple of months ago and have fallen. As we've indicated before, we believe that from a forward sense, these heat rates should be increasing fundamentally as coal plants retire. They're not doing so. Again, it's a sluggish and liquid market where in the '15, '16 timeframe, we don't see a lot of buying interest and buying activity.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, Chris, I think I'd just echo your comments. What we see in New York is really no different than what we've seen in New England and PJM. There are MOPR issues in New York. There are issues regarding questions about state subsidizing, generation, and I think we're working through those in the FERC cases that have been ongoing, we saw the Astoria [ph] case that we were involved in getting decided last month. And I think there are continuing stakeholder discussions about how to handle capacity needs. The Governor obviously has a plan and that is a combination of transmission and new generation and we're taking a look at that. I don't see any imminent problems there. I think they're the same issues that we confront in other RTOs, and I think we're going to work through them.
