Jack Thayer: No, Greg. The $0.05 delta was with respect to 2017. The 2015 guidance to your point is down $0.10. Some of that is just a mere factor of rounding. We speak in terms of $0.05 increments. And would say 2015 guidance is down on a relative basis, $0.05 year-over-year, although the rounding would indicate that is down $0.10, it’s just a matter of how we round it up or round it down our expectations.
Jack Thayer: That’s correct. And I think importantly there, you see the sensitivity we have to interest rates, primarily ComEd, you see the impact of the bonus depreciation, which has the CPS impact of lowering rate based and lowering expected earnings but also is the cash flow and savings related to that is a contributor to the $1 billion of incremental capital we see in ‘16 and beyond that we can deploy to grow both our utilities business as well as our merchant business.
Jack Thayer: The $0.15 to $0.20 number, Greg, that we referenced incorporates the net dilution associated with the asset sales. That said as I mentioned in the script, the earnings contribution from those assets, while admittedly $0.12 this year, because of the failure of Keystone and Conemaugh to clear capacity markets, the contribution from those assets diminished meaningfully off the curve. The $0.15 to $0.20 that I referenced we would anticipate in 2017, so that’s while you mentioned a close in 12/31 obviously per Bill’s comments we are anticipating a Q2 and Q3 close. We wouldn’t expect to see that all of that $0.15 to $0.20 until 2017, we will be certainly achieving part of that during the 2016 period.
Jack Thayer: It’s pretty static, Greg. Certainly, we are adding those assets, the operating cost of which will increase. We added Integrys. We added ProLiance. We have announced in recent months both a waste-digesting plant out in LA, a pulp and biomass facility down in Georgia partnered with P&G. We are looking for incremental opportunities in that space. We are offsetting that in part with activities that we are pursuing broadly across the company to drive lower operating costs both within the embedded businesses – so Constellation, the power generation business, the nuclear business, as well as our business services corporation. So, on a kind of blended basis, we see relatively flat O&M further out the curve. Obviously, wage inflation is a component of that. Interest rates have been a meaningful factor of that in driving pension costs and the growth in the liabilities side of that higher. So, as CPI oscillates as interest rates move that will continue to be candidly something a little bit outside our control, but obviously something we are trying to focus on other things to offset.
Jack Thayer: I don’t know that Dan I can track you back to year end of 2013, but clearly you have seen a material degradation in the interest rate environment. As an example in 2014, the average 30-year was 3.34%. The interest rate for 30 years today is 2.63%. So, just with even – even within on an average basis of full year, the continued decline of interest rates and/or sensitivity to that through the formula rates at ComEd has been significant. For sensitivity, say 25 basis points up or down, and the interest rate is $9 million improvement or detriments to our expected revenues at ComEd. Obviously, the same element is impacting us from a pension liability side marry that with a change in the mortality tables and longer expected lives of our pension and OPEB participants. And that is a headwind – and that’s a headwind that we pass through, through the formula rate within ComEd. But we have to go through rate cases at PECO, and we have to go through a rate cases at BGE to recapture that. So, and then I guess the final element that’s changed, I think is given our load sensitivity of PECO and given some of our longer term load sensitivity of BGE and ComEd as we have continued to experience zero, and in some instances negative load growth that’s been a headwind as well. That said, we continue to see meaningful opportunities to deploy capital in that space. We see an opportunity to drive our customers’ reliability and experience. And importantly we see opportunities to earn a fair rate of return in those businesses. And as we are delivering and evolving a ray of services of our customer, even perhaps improve upon what we allowed to earn.
Jack Thayer: I think Jonathan we are talking about 100 basis points. And to be candid, the rounding issue comes into play. So, I think I would focus more on the $0.05 of degradation from EEI’s 2017 expectation to where we sit today. And some of that is an issue of the timing of capital deployment and other elements and I think we feel good about 5% to 6% growth. Ideally, we will endeavor to deliver higher growth that $1 billion of incremental spend in ‘16 and beyond is potentially a driver of that incremental growth.
Jack Thayer: So, we continue to look at both sides. The utility business as we talked about we can operate the utilities well. We can drive efficiencies in. We can improve the customer experience while we are getting returns. We are in a unique situation with ComEd on the formula rate at some historically low interest rates. We are not running from the investment – the utility business. We think interest rates will normalize and will be at the right place for the return. So, we will continue to make prudent investments and operate the utilities well there. On the merchant side, it’s all about the value proposition in looking at the specific investments. If a nuclear plant came available and we could fold it into the portfolio and see our adequate returns, we would certainly have the scale and the scope to put one in. We don’t see any out there right now, but newbuild is not an option. So, that’s the only way we get as acquisition. As we have said before, we do think Texas is one of the more interesting markets to invest in right now, and that’s why we are proceeding with organic growth down there. We do look at assets that come up from time-to-time in the ERCOT market. Most have been overvalued from our perspective on the long-term fundamentals. That’s why building these new technology units makes more sense to us. So, we will continue to look for opportunities on both sides of the business and use the balance sheet prudently to make the investments, but one thing that we – in the last couple of years as we do our asset valuations on an annual basis, recycling capital has become a focus and we will continue to watch that. If we see assets and others have more value and we can deploy that capital into other arenas, we will not be – we will not be shy of any divestiture. And that’s what we did this year with divesting assets and having the opportunity to use that capital into what we think is something that would be strategically valuable for us with PEPCO and also having the – creating the new balance sheet space to make the investments in new unit. So, we were still very confident in the model and confident in the investment thesis. And if low interest rates are hard on pensions and they are hard on the formula rates, but in the long run we see those coming back and we still think it’s a good investment in CC.
Jack Thayer: Hugh, the total of overall long-live assets impairments that we had during the year, we had a wind impairment that was $0.06. We had a lease impairment that was $0.02. We had Quail Run assets held for sale impairment of $0.04. Keystone and Conemaugh was $0.29 of that. Upstream was $0.09 for a total of $0.50. On the flip side of that, we had $0.28 of gains related to the sale of Safe Harbor, sale of Fore River, again on the sale of West Valley. So, overall on a net basis, it’s about $0.22 negative impact on the year.
Jack Thayer: So, thank you very much everybody for joining. As we laid out from an operation standpoint, very strong year, we continue to run well, continue to watch costs and contain where we can. The Constellation, the Generation business has done a very good job in this marketplace and we continue to see – feel very strong that, that will be continue to be supported. The utility side, the utilities are operating well as I said. We see the investment thesis as right. We know the sensitivity to the interest rates, but don’t think that’s a long-term sustainable issue and we will continue to keep investing. Thanks.
Bill Von Hoene: Yes, Dan. As you know the recess is scheduled or at least currently scheduled for the end of the May. And what we anticipate is that legislation consistent with the policy solutions outlined in the 1146 report will be introduced in the general assembly sometime within the next month. We are actively working with legislators, regulators and stakeholders with that in mind. So I would expect to see something surface within the next month and that will give ample time for the legislator to consider it. There will be hearings related to 1146 or possibly to the legislation specifically that will accompany that. But if this gets introduced as we anticipate within that next 30 days or so, it will give an opportunity to go through the full discourse in the legislature before the recess in May.
Bill Von Hoene: There is – Jonathan, there has been nothing publicly announced. There will be a significant number of sponsors and it will be bipartisan, but that won’t be revealed until the legislation itself is actually announced.
Bill Von Hoene: The mechanics, it is not yet been determined what the mechanics will be, but there will be adequate support and sponsorship in both houses to run it through the legislature.
Bill Von Hoene: Steve, this is Bill. The legislation that we are referencing in the nuclear is standalone for the time being. There are going to be undoubtedly additional energy-related initiatives. There was a group that convened last week called the Clean Jobs Coalition, which was an environmentally directed group of a number of agencies and entities, which indicated that they will introduce legislation that will relate to energy efficiency to renewable standards and also to a cap and invest system that would be implemented in connection with 111(d). So, we anticipate that, that will be legislatively active and there undoubtedly will be a variety of other things that will be considered as well.
Bill Von Hoene: Well, one thing that we can be abundantly certain of is that there will be litigation respecting whatever the final rule will be. But the basic tenants, Hugh, of the underpinnings of the rule are legally sound. The ability to regulate carbon emission has been already ruled upon by the United States Supreme Court and our expectation is that there will be litigation and there maybe modifications that result from that, but the basic underpinning of the rule will survive and will have the impact that will be significant in that scope.
