Dan Eggers: Just Jack taking a before you left off on the Pepco accretion numbers. You guys are going to have $0.13 of drag because of the equity and the debt associated with the acquisition. If we look at '16, how much of that $0.13 gets offset I guess on a year-over-year base if we're to step forward one year.
Dan Eggers: Okay. If I go I guess next question. On the Constellation side with the retail margins coming through. Can you guys give us some context is that how much contribution is coming from that business or where you guys sit in that historic margin range of $2 to $4 megawatt hour. Just so we can see a little better from the outside what's going on there.
Dan Eggers: Okay, got it. And I guess last question you maybe Chris or Jack is just on the decision to differ the nuclear plant closures. How much earnings drag should we assume is coming off those three plants in 2016? And given the delays in making decision what would actually get you guys the point to decide which higher in any of these assets that are making money.
Dan Eggers: So that is your view that you'll have some sort of market reform in '16 I guess in the first half of '16 in MISO for those plants look viable or is it just the action that will get you comfortable even if it's not resolve.
Jonathan Thayer: Dan we would anticipate that the transaction would close towards the end of the first quarter and the transaction will be modestly diluted to --.
Jonathan Thayer: Including the impact of the shares and debt issue, so it inclusive of that $0.13 expense associated with interest and increase shares.
Jonathan Thayer: We want to resolve in 2016. I don't know if it's going to be in the first half but it has got to get resolved in 2016 between the lower power portfolio standard and the capacity construct in MISO it is going to be imperative for us to go forward. Quad in the subsequent auction is cleared 16-17, 17-18. So we've got a blanket on that for couple of years but it did not cleared 18-19.
Jonathan Thayer: That's part of it and the other part is our approved from the time we announced the merger and from when we talked about the LRP last year - last quarter excuse me, our position is improved. So there is a little bit of we're better than we were. And the delays is the other part of it.
Jonathan Thayer: Sure. That would be Greg on 2015. The $0.08 would hit $0.07 at ExGen, it would hit a penny at ComEd importantly it would also improve our cash flow by $650 million and at ComEd we would see the impact of bonus depreciation would cause a $215 million reduction in ComEd's rate base.
Jonathan Thayer: Effectively, we would reinvest that back into the utilities part of our business to fund our capital plan.
Jonathan Thayer: It’s the domestic production credits, there is a limit or they goes into place and as those bonus depreciation hits that limitations goes into effect and meaningfully hits our ExGen part of our business with somewhat unique with our exposure to this within the industry.
Jonathan Thayer: So, Jonathan, we commented in our earning script that the equity and debt financing associated with PHI because we didn’t close as anticipated in Q3 and would be a $0.13 drag on the year. So, our guidance contemplates that drag and incorporates that obviously. Prospectively, we would anticipate closing the transaction towards the end of the first quarter of 2016, we would get the benefit of Pepco’s earnings and the pro forma would be modestly diluted for ‘16 until we as Chris mentioned execute the rate cases and grow the revenues and earnings at PHI over the course of the next several years.
Jonathan Thayer: No that’s a ‘15 comment Jonathan. 15, sorry 2015 drag in 2016 we have the benefits of PHI for three quarters.
Jonathan Thayer: We will incorporate the shares issued or we have the shares issued the 893 million shares in the share counts that will give us advisory for all of our business units and then we have the corporate moving company or holding company that will get allocated.
Jonathan Thayer: Starting in ‘17 we’ll start to see increase in going into ‘18 and very strong at the end of the LRP period.
Jonathan Thayer: So there are rate case assumptions that we’re taking straight out of PHI’s RP. Once we close we’ll be able to get deeper into those numbers in the drivers but it is based up of their assumptions on what they’ll recover in rate cases and their assumption on cost in cost controls going forward. So we will be able to do more on that and provide updates when we get into the detail at the close.
Jonathan Thayer: I'm sure there is because you are going to have the Massachusetts model will dictate the over hedge down to the specific company. So there should be with this improvement minor adjustments. But it would too early to speculate now on where there goes. On the ROE's the calculation would be straight out of the LRP that PHI is operating under now their LRP that will have to be updated post close with our assumptions of not only the cost reductions but the operational improvements.
Jonathan Thayer: Ali it was both across the utility business as well as that constellation and nextgen part of our businesses. So we had strong weather and operating results at both PECO and ComEd and then we had good operating results at PJE and as Joe articulated in his discussion we had strong performance from the generating part of our company.
Jonathan Thayer: Ali, its Jack. I know that there is a lot of interest in us engaging on the cost reduction topic before EEI. But I think it's probably better to align our disclosure around that cost reduction effort with our outlook for 16 17 and 18 hedge disclosures. You'll obviously see the significant benefit of CP in that period aligned with the benefits of cost reduction. So the story is positive, we'd ask for your patience in terms of transparency around that until EEI.
Christopher Crane: So let's first talk about PJM and Quad and Byron. The CP auctions substantially changed the profile of cash flow and earnings. We have still need on the low power portfolio standard to cement the long-term viability of these assets. But Quad is just marginal flat on free cash flow. It just slightly dilutive on earnings. And if we can move the CP along, it will greatly improve that. Byron is in a little bit better shape based off of CP and we'll continue to watch that closely. On Clinton we were prepared with no action taken on the capacity market to go forward with the retirement. We have seen a commitment and action at MISO to evaluate zone 4 as its only competitive, real competitive market to evaluate the redesign of the capacity construct that would adequately compensate the generators for the investors they are making. We've also seen positive signals from the state of Illinois by evaluating and starting workshops to evaluate the problem statement and workshops to look at potential fixes on Zone 4 in Southern Illinois. So now that we've seen some potential for improvement, we're willing to go another year. At unit Clinton is one of our newest units in the fleet is got over 30 years of potential run left, with support coming from MISO and understanding the problem statement at - and the state now considering what should be done in the southern part to ensure reliability. We saw that as an enough promise to extent it one more year to see what we can do in 2016.
Christopher Crane: Yes. So we opened the books to key stakeholders in the stake. They could see the red [ph] that was being produced by these assets. We were able to work with PJM and the other stakeholders on CP that gave us the improvement that we're not seeing the level of red [ph] or in some cases neutral on the assets. These are long lived assets and their big decisions to make we're not crying wolf we've actually got results. And if we can continue to get results these units will become profitable and be able to stay within the fleet. And the contributions they make to the communities that they serve. So this is not as backing down on a decision this is as making progress on a path that we define clearly at the beginning of this. If we cannot see progress we would shut the units down. We have seen progress and we continue to believe there is potential for more progress. If we do not see that progress, we will shut the plants down.
Christopher Crane: If the delay in filing the rate cases has contributed to PHI’s position that they’re in now. They publicly spoke about what their future would be on a stand. We believe that once we are able to fold them into the fleet and drive the synergies and help support them with the operational performance that will give the environment for a fair regulatory recovery going forward. As we’ve seen with BGE.
Christopher Crane: Yeah. I mean that’s part of the thesis in our filings and what we’re able to do with the settlements we can drive the synergies with our platform that will reduce the request for needed scope of rate increases.
Christopher Crane: Yeah we’re going to be putting out the details at EEI but we’ve looked at our corporate center BSC business service cost, we’re looking at a IT cost in some of the work that we can do there and also at the generating company so we should be able to provide more detail on that or we will be providing more detail in the year.
