Christopher Crane: Thanks Joe and thanks for the comprehensive report. Finally, turning to slide 17, I'll close on Exelon's value proposition, which is unchanged. We're focused on growing our utilities, targeting 7.3% rate base growth and a 6% to 8% EPS growth through 2023. We will use the free cash flow as we have done from the Genco to support utility growth, pay down Genco debt and support some of the external dividend. We continue to optimize the value of the Gen business by seeking fair compensation for our zero emitting generation fleet, closing uneconomic plants and monetizing assets and maximizing their value through the Constellation avenue. We will sustain strong investment-grade credit metrics. We have remained committed to that and will not waiver. And we'll grow our dividend at this point right now annually at 5% through 2020. The strategic underpinning of this value proposition is sound, effective in providing tangible benefits for our stakeholders. Operator, we can now turn the call over for questions. Thank you.
Christopher Crane: So, it is something that we look at on a regular basis, and we do a deep dive strategic review of the benefits of keeping the two companies bolted -- or the two lines bolted together versus what are the alternatives. We have enjoyed a period of time of free cash flow from the Genco that has allowed us to have a significant investment into the Utilities for the benefit of the customers over a period of time since our last review. As you can imagine, it's something that we always look at. And I understand the basis of the question with the recent announcements from two other companies on where they have decided to go. But right now, there's work to be done to create the certainty and the value of the cash flows that would be maintained to allow a company to either stand on its own or continue to support the growth of the other side of the business. And so we're in the middle of trying to work through a legislative strategy in Illinois. We're on firm ground in New York. I know there's work going on in New Jersey. We have to look at the value of the assets and what's going on in Maryland and what can be done there legislatively to compensate the assets for their low carbon output. So, it's something we look at, and it's something that we think we have been very clear on from the beginning. And it's good to see other IPPs coming along and understanding the value of being investment-grade and not having stressed balance sheets with commodity cyclicality like we see. But we think we can improve the value further and the strength further to be able to serve the states and the communities that we serve with good, well-paying jobs, a strong balance sheet. And then we will continue to assess to -- do the assets stay bolted together through a corporate holding company structure or is it better for all stakeholders involved to have some type of separation of the entities. The one thing I can tell you is there's an annual review on all the non-nuclear assets to see if they propose more value to others than we have projected for ourselves, and that annual review will continue. And as we see assets that could perform better in somebody else's portfolio and we could monetize those assets, we'll do that. There's assets that we'll shut down that aren't carrying their own weight. There are assets in New England that have a finite period of time under the ISO's regulation. And so there is a constant flux in our nonnuclear business that we'll continue to evaluate with our focus on strong balance sheet debt reduction and optimizing what we have on the balance sheet.
Christopher Crane: Sure. I'm going to let Joe Dominguez jump in on the second half of the question. He's here with us in the room. The first half of the question, does it affect the Exelon Generation's drive for legislation on changing the capacity market. There's an obvious issue that trust has been eroded. Although it's isolated to ComEd, it has effect on all the entities. And so there's been a lot of press reporting and there's been some disappointed stakeholders and is rightfully so. And so our job is to rebuild the trust of those that we serve and make sure that we can show that we have done a fantastic job, and Joe will cover some of this, in the investments that have been made at ComEd and what the rate structure is done for us. It has been totally super beneficial to the consumer. But there's a period of time where we're just going to have to continue outreach conversation and show our commitment to ethical behavior that doesn't compromise our integrity or the trustworthiness of us going forward. So, we're still working to engage with stakeholders on a capacity market redesign. It's very critical for us to get it done. As you know, PJM is going to run an auction. And there's a strong sense from our analytic folks that the -- some of the nuclear units are not going to be picked up in that auction. Some are uneconomic at this point right now and some more may become uneconomic. And our commitment to you has always been if we can't find a way or path to profitability, we'll have to shut them down, which is a sad turn of events that will affect the state's goals on carbon reduction, it will severely affect the communities around the plants and the very high paying, critical jobs that those communities benefit from. So, -- but it's an unfortunate thing. We apologize for what went on. We had a code of conduct that clearly defined the behaviors, but it wasn't enough. And so we've put controls in place to ensure it will never happen again. And we have to work with stakeholders, not only legislative and elected folks, but our customers and our other stakeholders and the communities that we serve to rebuild that trust. One thing I can tell you is this company is committed to doing the right thing for the communities that we serve, not only through philanthropic activities, but also volunteerism. I think you can look at us in all the communities we serve, and we're probably the strongest corporate partner out there, and we're going to continue that. And we know that we're only as good as a company as the communities that we serve. So, that's what we've got to get back to. This is the most unfortunate thing to happen, not just because of time, it's because of trust. And it's because of a small amount of individuals making decisions that should not have been done, and it shouldn't have gone undetected. But with that said, we still remain confident that the consumers have been protected, served. And as you heard me say, we have lower rates and high reliability than we did 10 years ago. And so that's because we have a strong regulations -- a regulatory body that's focused on the same thing that we're focused on, is reliable, affordable, clean energy. With that, I'll let Joe talk about what his thoughts are on rates making and regulatory process.
Christopher Crane: The one thing that I would add is the uneconomic. We will not run plants and lose free cash flow or earning on assets that are not supporting themselves. It is very unfortunate for the communities that we serve, the employees, but we will not let the balance sheet get further deteriorated by non-profitable assets, then we will take swift action to resolve that dive in cash flow and earnings. So, we're doing everything possible to prevent that, but it's a reality. We've shut two units down in the recent years. We could not see a path to sustainability of those assets in the portfolio. Not the greatest decisions we ever had to make, and we understand the impact that has on the communities that we serve, the environmental goals of the states and the economic impact of the states. But maintaining an investment-grade that can support the remaining facilities is our main focus.
Christopher Crane: Well, as you know, on the third quarter call each year, we announce the next round of cost savings. I can tell you there's a significant effort and contingency planning going on within the generating company and the BSC, the Business Services Company. Now, on -- if we maintain the fleet as we have it, how are we going to do it more economically, how are we using technology. Then a significant amount of work in the financial organization, HR, legal, other organizations to look at the world differently. And we'll announce our next round probably in third quarter -- fourth quarter. I'm looking at Dan to make sure I'm answering right because he's responsible for this, and he's waving his hands at me. So, the fourth quarter call. But -- and we'll have a better picture of the future life of the nuclear fleet by that point. And if we are in the mode of unfortunately retiring plants, you can imagine that we'll have a significant reduction in the BSC overheads that could go back to the benefit of the customers from the modified Massachusetts formula. I wouldn't necessarily say it gives them more headroom to spend capital. We spend capital that is needed capital for reliability and customer service. But it should -- if the -- it should benefit the customers and take some of the overhead burden off of the utilities as we continue to refine how we can do work cheaper, better, faster, be very efficient, while serving the communities and the customers. There's one thing we've learned during this pandemic. Our real estate footprint may not have to be as big as it is right now. We are very efficiently working with about 17,000 people working remotely. And there's a group right now that's assessing not only a safe reentry around the first of the year for some portion of the workforce that's not on the line and maintaining the system or the plants or backing those individuals up. But we will take a very strong look at all expenses around and footprint around facilities. We've closed the books with the controller's organization, only having a few people come in for a couple of days. And audit has maintained its schedule and it's in-depth audit programs. So, we're doing a lot, and we're learning a lot, and I think that's going to translate into more savings as we go forward. But looking at Dan again, I guess I'm not going to be committal on the time. But they're all squirming around me right now. I'll -- we'll be back to you at the end of the year with that.
Christopher Crane: Yes. Thank you all again for joining the call. I want to thank you for the time. I really want to thank our employees for their commitment and dedication. As you can imagine, onboarding 1,200 and contractors onto a nuclear site with all the site employees on deck, going through testing and screening and answering the questions and still getting stuff done at world-class performance and efficiency, our Utilities maintaining the highest levels of reliability. And right now, we've got 200 folks, 100 ComEd employees and 100 contractors, driving across the country to support our eastern Utilities for outages. So, I think they arrived today. And so the willingness and the dedication is fantastic. I hope that you and your families are safe and healthy. And with that, I'll close out the call.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. Shar, thank you for the question. And as you know, we've received this question many times over the last few months. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're committed to a strong investment-grade rating, and it's a central tenant to our business and it has been quite frankly for a very long time. We go through a very rigorous planning process, and we disclose the results of that process each year on our fourth quarter call and under that most recent plan, there is no equity issuance in the plan. Last month, we kicked off that process for our next plan that will take us through the end of this year. And as you can imagine, Shar, there's many variables that go into that process, market prices for power, obviously, treasury rates, our load forecast, our O&M projections, what our capital plans are, funding strategy when you think about debt. And obviously, we still have the FRR out there, and that will be taken into account. So, what I would say is we don't take any one of those variables in isolation. They obviously all work together to create the basis for our plan. We've been successful in -- with our strong balance sheet and growing our Utilities, and we've been harvesting the cash flow of ExGen to help do that. We also look at the levers we have, right? We've been pretty successful with our cost cuttings over the last five years, obviously. We've sold some assets. We look at alternative financing arrangements. And the last thing on that list is equity. But in our current plan, there is no need for equity and as we move through the planning process and that takes us through the end of the year, we'll relay or communicate the outcome of that on our fourth quarter call. 
Joseph Nigro: Yes, sure. So Julien, let me answer the short question that you asked last first. Yes, if we return to traditional rate making, we would intend to file a rate case using a forward-looking test year, and that rate case would likely be filed in the first quarter of 2023. So, that's number one. In terms of the franchise agreement, we've been through a process with the city where we've been meeting periodically just about every week, although that got interrupted a bit with COVID. We're making good progress, I thought, on the franchise agreement. Then we have the DPA. And we had a hearing last week with City Council and also some input from the Mayor's office. The Mayor's office indicated that from her perspective, two things need to happen before we could continue the conversation around the franchise agreement. One is we have to deal with the ethics reforms and the compliance mechanisms. And from my perspective, that is assuring the city that the measures we've taken are the appropriate ones and then having reporting requirements and other things with the city so that they understand that we're implementing those and that we're moving forward appropriately. The Mayor has a big ethics agenda, so we're going to embrace that ethics agenda. Here, the hiring of Dave Glockner, which we've talked about before, is quite an important piece. Dave has -- comes to us with an impeccable reputation. As many of you know, he came out of the U.S. Attorney's office, serving as Chief of the Criminal Division at that office for 11 years. But most importantly, and for folks outside of Northern Illinois, you don't see this, but Dave has an unbelievable reputation within the community.  And for folks like the Mayor who have served in the U.S. Attorney's office as a colleague of Dave's, that's quite an important point. But we need to work through ensuring that we have a transparent mechanism of providing regular updates to the city in terms of the adherence to the new protocols that we've adopted. That's one piece of it. The Mayor has also indicated that we need to be committed to the goals of sustainability, to the goals of equitable and affordable energy for all customers in the city. And that's kind of the sweet spot of our strategy around electrification, around clean energy, energy efficiency, the many jobs programs we sponsor. So, we look forward to a good conversation on that. There's a tangential issue relating to the franchise agreement that being the issue of the city's takeover or municipalization of the grid here in Chicago. We've spoken about that previously on this call. Commissioner Reynolds, who is leading for the city the negotiations with ComEd, testified at the hearing last week and indicated that the city will have a feasibility study out shortly on the possibility of municipalization. At least he indicated in his testimony that, that would -- that the view would be that, that would not be feasible. And there's a few big reasons for that. One is it's a $5 billion to $6 billion system and then the separation cost would be another $5 billion. So, I think we'll tie together a few of these issues here. We need to assure the city of the reforms I've talked about. We'll have a conversation about the programs around clean energy, electrification, jobs programs, benefits to customers' affordability. And then I imagine we'll continue to have this backdrop of municipalization. But if the feasibility study comes out as Commissioner Reynolds indicated, I don't think that's going to necessarily be a pathway. But we have our work to do with the city. I'm confident we will get there. It may take a year or more to hash out. That's something Commissioner Reynolds indicated as well. But the way our franchise agreement works, and I've talked about this previously on this call, is that if it has not continued, it simply rolls over year-to-year on its own terms. It's like a lease in that sense where it just automatically renews year-to-year. So, that's probably more than you wanted to hear, Julien, but that's the whole story on the franchise agreement.
Joseph Nigro: Yes, I think there's a number of elements associated with that, right? I mean, obviously, treasuries have an impact at ComEd. They have an impact on our pension and other things, right? You think about market prices, and you mentioned load, that clearly plays into it. We expect mostly to see recovery by the time we get into 2021. There is some minor impacts that we talked about the last quarter. We control things like cost, right? We'll continue to challenge ourselves in that regard. There's other variables, too, right? We just talked about the Illinois legislation, what is the outcome of that. That will have a -- obviously be a binary impact. How much capital are we putting into our Utilities and what that looks like? And all of those things go into the -- to the decision-making. Chris talked about on economic assets and actions around those. We've clearly sold assets where we thought the market had higher values on them. We've looked at alternative financings and have used project financing. We did the securitization of the receivables at Constellation. So, there's a lot of elements to it, Stephen. Some are kind of decisions we control. Others, we're part of and we're working on, and they build upon themselves. And ultimately, we -- our dividend, we have to make a recommendation to the Board at the end of this year, and we'll do that and determine how much capital we're putting in across our footprint and then from there, we'll see what the funding plan looks like.
