Chris Crane: Thanks, Jack. Turning to Slide 17, I want to take a moment to highlight the contributions made by Exelon and our employees to help the impact by hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria. Exelon utilities sent more than 2,200 employees and contractors and support personnel from our six utilities to help with the recovery efforts at Hurricane Irma. Our crews travel to Florida and Georgia where they, for more than two weeks, worked in very difficult conditions. We’re very proud of our employees and the hard work that they do to help the communities come back from after these disasters. A very special thanks to all those who helped in the restoration and support efforts. Exelon employees also stepped up from a volunteer perspective. Our employees have donated their time and resources to communities impacted by the storms. We also had a number of our Constellation employees in Houston directly displaced by the storms and to see coworkers come to their aid illustrates the value that we embody here at Exelon. Slide 18, we want to reinforce our value proposition, which remains the foundation of our commitment to our investors. We’ve continued to grow the utilities rate base at 6.5% and the regulated EPS to 6% to 8% annually through 2020, underpinning the capital investments that directly benefit the customers in each of our jurisdictions. We continue to use free cash flow generated at the Genco to fund incremental equities at the utilities and pay down debt over the next four years at ExGen in the holding company. We’re focused on optimizing the value of our ExGen business by seeking fair compensation for our carbon-free generation fleet, closing uneconomic plants, selling assets where it makes sense to accelerate our debt reduction plans, and maximizing our value through gen-to-load matching strategies. We continue to focus on sustaining strong investment-grade credit metrics and grow our dividend in a stable consistent manner. As many of you are aware, our dividend growth as of October end gets for 2.5% annually from 2016 through 2018. We are working with our board and expect to provide an update on a multiyear outlook for the dividend growth plan as part of our planning and budgeting process that are undertaking currently. Before I go to questions, I want to come back to where we started off in the call. We have a number of positives underlying our outlook. The utilities are growing and executing well. We are confident that the FERC actions around resiliency will facilitate needed power price reforms in PJM that will fairly compensate our generating assets. We continue to improve operations where we’re finding ways to run our business more efficiently and taking out an additional $250 million in cost as discussed. And we’re still on track to generate $6.8 billion of free cash flow through 2020 at ExGen that will support our utility growth, reduce our debt and facilitate growing our dividend. Thank you again for your interest and now we’re ready for your questions.
Chris Crane: I’ve just said so, the beginning of the question, all the numbers that you hear are on the gross margin are marked at the end of third quarter. So it’s the end of September 29 or 31, whatever the market closed on.
Chris Crane: Yes, great. We do believe we’re undervalued. And everything that we’re doing is to drive that improvement in valuation. As you can see from the free cash flow, the debt reduction plan, the recovery and rate case, we’re positioning ourselves much better for a potential to have the board conversation in the upcoming LRP planning process to evaluate the dividend. And our expectation is – and has been since we have to cut the dividend four years ago is to get it back to build the business on a strong balance sheet to get the dividend to be in line with our peers. And that is our pursuit and as you can see from these numbers, things are improving that have us – able to have a much more positive conversation with the board. Ultimately, it’s the board’s discretion, but that’s where we want to be.
Chris Crane: Yes. For a $1 of fully opened position in PJM, 135 terawatt hours, $135 million, so you can – that was just the dollar reference.
Chris Crane: Yes. I think we’ve said back in 2016 when we have our dividend strategy, we want to give you a multi-year plan. We gave you 2016 through 2018. That would be the time in the first quarter to be updating, in my belief, set the board’s discussion, and where we go with that, but that would be our timing in my mind in our current plans and communicating with all of you.
Chris Crane: Yes. EEI, I think we’ll be able to have more of the one-on-one details, get into more of the details on the capital investments and the growth and the rate case strategies as we improve the customer experience at the utilities. We’ll also have more time to go into the detail on the numbers on the free cash flow, debt reduction plans, and the optimization of gen-to-load growth. I’m sure more people are going to want to talk in detail about the basis for our 250, and we can do the deep dive on that, but it will be detailed on what you’re seeing today and an opportunity to have some one-on-one dialogue about it.
Chris Crane: Yes. I think – yes. The answer to your question is, yes. We think we’ve covered it and I’ll tell you why. When you look at it, it’s really all driven by load business. About 60% of it’s on our retail C&I business at about 40%. It’s associated with our wholesale polar business and there’s really two elements that is different one on each side. On the retail side, as we said, our renewal rates are lower than we expected them to be, but our margins are well within the range that we expect it. And that’s very different when we have these challenges five years ago, where our margins and our renewal rates both dropped pretty appreciably. On the wholesale side, it’s much more of a margin story, where the volumes are there, but the margins are lower than they’ve been historically. I mean, it’s a very competitive environment. Quite frankly, it’s being driven by a lot of smaller players on the retail side and not the bigger players. On the wholesale side, we’ve seen kind of competition across the spectrum. But we’re confident that we’ve captured the changes we need to make.
Chris Crane: Sure. So – as we’ve talked about 4 years ago, 4.5 years ago now, as we restructure the dividend and put our strategy and our focus on really growing the utility business through the acquisition of BGE and then the acquisition of PHI. And it was to theoretically watch the growth in those businesses and have a 70% – 65% to 70% dividend policy, theoretically, at the utilities. Now you know that’s going to cycle during different growth periods. But that was the way we had the dividend set to grow. In the first couple of years, we were starting to get closer to that, giving that accomplished in the early 20s. And so that’s when we came up with the growth policy at 2.5%. As you can see, the utilities are continuing to grow, although right now, it’s taking cash infusion – equity infusion from the Holdco through the Genco. But they’re continuing to grow. So our stability of the dividend is very well anchored. Our growth – potential growth for the dividend is well anchored. As we come through the last couple of years and started to see more reliable or consistent cash flows from the Genco on programs that compensate for the other benefits besides just the energy, you’re seeing a potential that, that can be a dependable cash flow, that can be used for potential return of value to the shareholders. So that’s the way we’re looking at it and we’re presenting it to the board, but the cyclical nature of the commodity market will not leave us, but the certainty of that certain elements on those revenue streams give us the opportunity to look at the world a little bit differently. So that’s how we’ll continue to model it, and we’ve gained greater flexibility with programs like the ZEC.
Chris Crane: So let me start off and I’ll let Denis jump in here or Anne on the call. The advent of digitalization of the distribution system and the transmission system is offered us an opportunity for capital investments that directly benefit the customers and drive reliability. We have now put in communications backbones to reach smart meters to help us with fault isolators, fast reclosers, that’s the kind of spend, along with replacing antiquated cable and updating the system with new components. Now, as we go into the 2020 and beyond, there is a significant amount of work being done on what else can be done to develop into the smart city that we can better serve the communities while investing and driving efficiency into the systems. And the work that’s being done on microgrids, the experimental work there, to see what the societal benefit in certain microgrids in certain locations. What we can do to integrate with more of the community is there an assistance within the street light programs or assistance that we can provide with our infrastructure on the meter reading of water or gas or other types of systems is where we’ll be going. And I think, this technology is morphing faster than it ever has in our sector. And with our design teams, data scientists, the work that we’re doing on big data, digitization is going to provide us many opportunities for continuing to optimize the system for the customers’ benefit. Denis, I don’t know if I covered it or...
Chris Crane: I don’t see – it’s accelerating the plan. I think we’re at a point that we’re managing efficiently the spent that we have. We also have to balance the impact to the consumer. Spending capital for the sake as spending capital without finding the efficiencies in the delivery into the benefit of the customer, it wouldn’t be prudent. Right now, the projects that we have on schedule, the cash flow that supports that are managed well and they do support what our bottom line. It needs to be as to the benefit of the customer.
Chris Crane: Yes. I think history tell us we would ends up in a volatility of event. And then go back for a number of years. We’ve seen players whether the big or small, whether they are on the C&I side, the residential side or quite frankly, the power loads on the wholesale side. We’ve seen folks who aggressively price the risk or the ultimate price to the customer have been hurt. And as I said, earlier, we had opportunities to acquire companies in that type of environment. We’ve the opportunities to grow our business organically. And we think remaining disciplined to what we’re doing is the right thing to do. We still have almost 25% of the C&I market. We’re the number one C&I marketer by a huge amounts. We’re the third largest residential marketer in the United States and we compete in all the wholesale power options. So the underlying business is strong. The growth we expect we’re not achieving and I think what discipline will serve us well and we have opportunity to capture some of that back when we see the volatility of event.
Jack Thayer: Yes, Greg. And I think as you think about it and you listen on our comments on the low volatility period we’re in, we believe that with the return to normal weather and even potentially future volatility events that, that’s decline in Constellation business could prove temporary. Obviously, the $250 million are permanent cost savings and capitalize all in terms of value creation.
Jack Thayer: And one thing I’ll add to that. Our focus on we’re 18 months into PHI acquisition. Our focus now is to get the performance to the right level. We had our best year ever in reliability at PHI last year, which we only had the company since March. We’re going to blow it through that level of reliability this year in a good way. So the first couple of years, how do we get the performance to a good place? How do we write the image and reputation, and improve our regulatory outcomes at PHI.
Jack Thayer: First of all, we will look at it in a disciplined way on what is the best way to return value to the shareholders, while maintaining our commitment to the customers. So the plan, as I said, earlier that we started out on over 4.5 years ago is working. We’re reducing our debt. We’re strengthening our balance sheet. We’re reducing our cost. We’re able to make solid investments in our utilities, and we’ve been able to do a part of a dividend increase program as we were doing that. As you can see, as we get stronger and stronger, opportunities for us to deploy the capital are coming our way, and we’ll make sure that we will look at it in a disciplined fashion. If there are more accretive ways to spend the capital in the utilities, and in a low risk area, that will be something we look at. But as we’ve committed previously, and as we’ve signaled, it’s a conversation that’s ongoing right now. There is opportunities to revise the dividend policy and give you another multi-year plan as we work through the LRP planning process. And we work with our board heading into 2018.
Joe Dominguez: Hi, Greg its Joe. Yes, we are using the current forward curves for power. I think the big thing to note on the retail side and Jack said this in his script, when we did our planning at the first of the year, our renewal rates for C&I power were up close to 80%. As was the case back in 2012 and 2013, we have seen a downturn in most renewal rates down close to the 70%. And we’re marking this closer to that 70% number. I think the big thing though is back in 2012 and 2013, we saw power – C&I power margins dipped below $2 per megawatt hour. And we’ve said historically our origination margins for that business are somewhere between $2 and $4. We’re still within that $2 to $4 range. So I think the big thing, the takeaway is, we’re going to serve about 200 million-megawatt hours of load this year across our platform between retail and wholesale. And we expect to do the same thing next year. The thing is, we’re just not going to achieve the growth that we expected in our C&I power business. And as Chris said and Jack said, the reason for that is, we don’t think it’s prudent to chase the market. And we’re going to remain disciplined what we think value is and that has served us well historically and quite frankly, has allowed us to acquire companies a few times as well. So we’ll continue to remain disciplined.
Joe Dominguez: Hey Jonathan, this is Joe. We’re still waiting to see some additional details from PJM. But – and so we’re not going to put out a number until we get all of those details. But I have seen the reports that a number of you have compiled on this subject with the range that is somewhere between $2 and $5 ATC movement as a result of the elimination and discrimination. And I think that’s the right range to be thinking about and probably the middle part of that range makes a lot of sense to us.
Joe Dominguez: Hey Steve, good morning. It’s a Joe. We are thinking about that and I think the first thing is, when as Jack said in his script and we said for a while, we’re carrying the longer position relative to our ratable sales plan. So we have the opportunity to capture any upside associated with price increases related to the reforms you’re talking about. I think specifically though the retail, there’s a couple elements to that. The first one is, we’ve done some preliminary remodeling and we take into account kind of the seasonality as well as the differences between on and off peak. So we try to be more surgical in just saying, we’re going to buyback this. We have a view of the things we need to do. I think as it specifically relates to our retail contracts there is two elements. One is obviously, we have contracts from the books already. And we have some hedges on the books already, so there will be a feathering in effect to the value proposition of this. But most importantly, from our perspective, I think one of the things we offer our customers, and it’s really important, is transparency. And what I mean by that is, when they’re signing a contract with us, they completely understand what they’re doing and what the components of that are fixed-price and the components that are going to be passed through in time. And I’m not sure that’s always the case across the industry. So from our perspective, there’s lot of elements, and we are thinking about it and we are really managing our portfolio from a natural long position as well as the seasonality and the products. And we’re keeping the customer in mind.
Joe Dominguez: It’s Joe again. And we’ve talked about this for a while. When you look at ERCOT reports on what they thought reserve margins were going to be. We never really thought they were going to get the generation group that they expected. And in our own modeling, we have sensitivities, we ran some sensitivities looking at the possibility for retirements. And if you look at our positioning in ERCOT, we’re carrying a long position there relative to our ratable plan as well. And we see the opportunity for volatility. I think this summer, we’ve skewed the some, obviously, with the problems with the hurricane in August and, quite frankly, the biggest thing down there as we continue to see load growth, which is really important. And we don’t see a lot of kind of newbuild of gas generation. You have continued growth on the renewable side, but it’s more concentrated in South Texas than it is West Texas. And when you put all that together, we see the opportunity for increased volatility, and we think we have a fleet that will benefit that.
Joe Dominguez: Steve, it’s Joe Dominguez. If you’ve seen our fleeting, you know that we have a multi-phase process where, in the first instance, we need to get analytics from new RTOs. Can they run without pipelines? What’s the impact for the consumers? We can move from there to design basis for the system that we think is going to iterate between NERC, FERC and kind of the Department of Energy sometime after we get the data. In terms of how we ultimately implement that into the system, I think once we’ve the design basis, is what we are trying to avoid, we will start looking at mitigation solutions, maybe the retention of additional fuel secure resources to avoid this outage risk. But I think it’s premature to get there. One way you can think about is, though, you can take a look at the capacity performance program. We were able to value the cost of incremental reliability associated with dual fuel. So if the design basis ultimately ends up being we need 90 days of fuel, we have a mathematical way of calculating what’s the market solution to get dual fuel resources to 90 days of fuel with it. That would probably be the $8 or $10 of megawatt hour in terms of doing that based on the cost we saw in CPAY. So that’s one approach. But from our perspective, we need to drop back here, take a look at the data, make sure we have the right definition of resiliency, the right design basis and then we come back with market solutions or other solutions that we would ensure resources to mitigate that risk and provide the security we need that we provide to our end customers in the nation.
Joe Dominguez: And this is Joe, again. We’re pleased to see the upcoming in the Connecticut the other day, where all the different structure, the type of premises the same nuclear units are critical for our customers. And we need to preserve them. So that means as set forth on policy front there. We have been very productive discussions both in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. We’ll continue to do that. In terms of the interaction, I see between programs, if we get an upside in price formation, I think that will ultimately be taken into account in the process. So it will not be a double dip here. If prices increase as result on price formation, the cost of the ZEC’s or the cost of the support payments will go down. That’s anticipated.
