Christopher M. Crane: Thanks, Joe. Turning to slide 17, again, we had a strong financial quarter and operationally that is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our employees. Our financial footing and sounding continues to gain momentum. Here again, I'll restate our proposition value. We continue to focus on growing our utilities targeting 7.4% rate base growth and 6% to 8% EPS growth through 2021. We continue to use free cash from the GenCo to fund incremental equity needs at the utilities, pay down debt over the next four years at ExGen and the HoldCo and fund part of the faster dividend growth. We continue to focus on optimizing value for the ExGen business by seeking fair compensation for our carbon free generation fleet, supporting proper price formation in PJM and resiliency initiatives at FERC and working to develop capacity market reforms at PJM pursuant to the recent FRR order. We continue to close uneconomic plants and sell assets where it makes sense to accelerate our debt reduction plans and maximize value through the gentle load matching. We continue to sustain strong investment-grade credit metrics, as Joe pointed out, in our growth driven consistently at 5% through 2020. With that operator, we can now open it up for questions.
Christopher M. Crane: So there is a lag component at a couple of the PHI utilities now that we're working on. We've talked about ACE. We think we have the right legislative package to help that reduce that in Delaware and we're also working on different proceedings at Pepco Maryland and Pepco DC. We project it to be within the 9.5% range by the end of 2019. We're on track to do that. We have the developed activities that are helping. We also have the efficiency programs we're putting in place. So, I think we're well on plan. We recognize the legacy issues that were happening around that and are having constructive dialogue with our legislators as we've done in Delaware, our regulators, as we're doing with the filing in New Jersey and we'll continue to focus on that.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. So Greg, we have been and will continue to have dialogue with all the rating agencies. You heard Joe's conversation on Fitch. We've had a good dialogue with S&P. They understand our strategy, they're wanting to see it consistently implemented. They recognize that it is being consistently implemented. I think you know a couple of milestones coming through with the final approval from the Appellate Court on the ZECs, making that revenue look much more like regulated revenue, continuing to follow our path on debt reduction, which part of that is building balance sheet space, de-risking, but also part of it is liability matching with the nuclear assets and their life into the 30s and 40s. So we just have to continue to execute on our plan. We're having very positive dialogue. We appreciate the Fitch positive. We look forward to hearing from the others and hopefully shortly that they're seeing it and we'll be able to talk about not only moving thresholds, but potentially a more positive rating.
Christopher M. Crane: Yeah. So the fight – the disagreement within the stakeholders is around the supplemental income that is being received for the social benefit of carbon reduction within our states. We lack a federal policy as you know on carbon, although the conversation continues and that would be the ultimate fix. That would really level the playing field and allow the states to skip (34:15) support of federal policy. Short of that, the states have deemed – the majority of states that we operate in that they want to preserve the low carbon output that they have. They understand that 60% of the power in the State of Illinois is carbon-free, 90% of that is nuclear. We start shutting down nuclear plants like you look at the FE announcement, every penny that's been spent in PJM and outside of PJM on REX to achieve a lower carbon output would be wiped out. It's like we threw the money away. So you've got a very passionate belief within some of our states that they want to keep these assets. PJM has been unable under the current tariffs to be able to separate and support at this point the environmental needs of their stakeholders. So what this allows from FERC is a positive move to say if the administration and the legislation in New Jersey wants to preserve a low carbon future for its state and for its citizens. It allows Illinois to do the same thing. If New York wanted to look at something, it could do something for New York. So I think, this is finally setting the final decision on how we manage these assets that may be out of the capacity revenue stream, not clearing, but the state wants to keep them. We had Secretary Perry at the FitzPatrick Plant yesterday with Congressman Katko and it was very positive. I mean we are gaining momentum, but not only in his opening comments, in the press conference and with our tour in discussion with local officials, is he concerned about the economic benefits of the plant. He's concerned about the reliability and the resiliency on the fuel diversity and he's also commented on their capabilities for low carbon. So you've seen us go back and forth between ZECs and between other programs to try to save. We've seen the arguments from other stakeholders against it and I think this gives us a path to finally put it to bed.
Christopher M. Crane: The only thing I'd add to that is, we have a very high sensitivity to rates on our customers. As you know that that part of the state has gone through a downturn. And so as we make the investments which we can do efficiently, we're going to keep a constant focus on those rates. So we're not impairing the future development of commercial, industrial or residential customers.
Christopher M. Crane: It's not only on track, it's Crane, Praful, it's not only on track. We are continuing to work to become more efficient, continue to compete in the markets we're in. We are on track to achieve those if not to exceed those, so we're in good shape.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. Thanks. And thanks again for everybody joining the call. As you can see from the strategy that we put together years ago, we're right on track, if not ahead of schedule and we will continue to keep you updated. Look forward to the third quarter calls, but also Dan and Joe and I are getting back out and making sure we drop in and answer any of your questions, so making ourselves available during the third quarter will be a big part of our plan to continue to communicate. We thank you very much and have a good day.
Kathleen L. Barrón: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ali. I think what we're facing here is markets that because they're not pricing pollution are making emitting resources look less expensive and they're pushing out clean resources, including ours, as you know, 10.6 gigawatts of uncleared nuclear in the last auction. I think what FERC is saying in this order is that rather than letting RPM continue to push those units out, they're giving safety opportunity to pull them in and instead of paying PJM to support units that perhaps they don't want to support they can directly pay those assets. And so, as Chris said in the opening of the call, implementation details certainly matter. But we think this is an extremely constructive approach to allowing states to choose the resources, the clean resources that they need to continue to keep running to achieve the our goals of reducing carbon and air pollution for their citizens.
Kathleen L. Barrón: Unfortunately, we have no way to know exactly when those orders will issue but the cases have been fully briefed and we expect them to issue any time. There is nothing that we know that's holding them up.
Kathleen L. Barrón: Hey, Greg. It's Kathleen. We're currently looking at existing legislative authority in all of our states. And so I think it's going to depend on the jurisdiction. And it's also going to depend on what FERC's order ultimately says about what authority states will be to exercise in order to take advantage of this option. So I think, it's going to differ depending on the state. But we're currently evaluating the best path forward in each of the states that have clean energy targets that we think this order will help them meet.
Kathleen L. Barrón: Yeah. Steve, I'll jump in on that, that's certainly one of the implementation details that will be worked out through the FERC docket, but it's important to know we're not talking about reload (37:27) regulation, we're talking about an alternative way to pay the units for capacity, and let the states choose which units they'd like to pay for capacity as opposed to letting RPM select the assets. So it's a step towards the future that Chris identified, that we anticipate will be short-term. The current FRR structure as you know allows units or zones to step out of RPM for a five year period with the option to come back in. And ultimately if we get this to the longer term carbon solution that Chris identified, then these decisions will be made by the market through a carbon price and that will be a longer term structure that will benefit our customers.
Kathleen L. Barrón: Julien, it's Kathleen. I think it's the former that we would expect states to be looking very closely at this opportunity, not just because of course of the nuclear [Technical Difficulty] (39:02) the renewable fleet effects, any asset efficiency demand response that's receiving support from customers directly. And so there are a lot of stakeholders who have an interest in making sure that the states are going to be able to do clean capacity procurements and have that capacity recognized by RPM – by PJM rather.
Kathleen L. Barrón: I can take that one as well. It's certainly going to depend on the state's readiness, how quickly this gets implemented. So I take the question to be one of what kind of transition period might we be looking at, and I think that's going to be a subject of active debate in the paper hearing at FERC, as to whether there needs to be some sort of transition period to allow states to understand what the rules are and take advantage of them. So I think you should look for that to play out as part of the FERC process.
James McHugh - Exelon Corp.: Okay. Hi, Michael. It's Jim McHugh from Constellation. As far as ERCOT summer, what we've seen is some volatility in the forward markets and the weekly markets going into delivery and even in the day ahead markets, we've seen some pricing that exhibited on the ORDC curve, some higher price spikes. In the real-time market, it hasn't come to fruition. So it's led to a large spread between day ahead and real-time. In real-time, we really saw great operating conditions. The wind performed at or better than forecast. There were minimal generation force outages, so the generators all performed very well, and there were some good demand response availability. But prior to going into the period, we saw weeks trading as high as $800 or $900 and the month of July and August trading in the $200 range. As far as our portfolio, performed well, we're able to take advantage of some of that market volatility we saw in the forward markets. You saw that we executed $200 million of new business this quarter for 2018 on the power side, a good chunk of that is represented by our activity in Texas and what we're able to do and our gen-to-load strategy proved valuable once again. We were able to serve the high load and the high demand with our peaking fleet and the options that we owned. Going forward, I think we expect that volatility to continue. You'll have continued demand growth of 1 gigawatt to 1.5 gigawatts a year with really some wind and solar build out and very little thermal gas combined cycle generation build out. So that volatility will continue, next summer is trading right around the $100 right now and we would expect you would see the same exhibited volatility on the forward curve between now and delivery period of next summer. For the acquisition of FirstEnergy, it's a great fit for our portfolio. We would be paying $140 million subject to price adjustments based on market moves before the process is over. But there's 900,000 customers on the C&I side and residential side across six states. It'd be a great fit for our gen-to-load and gen-to-customer strategy that we've been deploying. We'd also be buying some certain power in basis hedges as part of the process. So it's a strong complement to our existing portfolio and it would provide repeatable and sustainable customer business through renewals and brand recognition for us.
James McHugh - Exelon Corp.: No, Michael, it's not. It's actually we're just building that position, as we hedged the third year of our three year program, we'll continue to grow that behind ratable position. We're currently about 7% or 8% behind ratable in 2020. We've added some gas hedges and cross-commodity hedges to further expose ourselves to upside in power markets. The concentration of our behind ratable position is largely in NI Hub and ERCOT. So I wouldn't read into that. I think our position is similar and growing to be similar across both those years.
James McHugh - Exelon Corp.: Hi Praful, it's Jim again. I think we did see going into the summer, one small retailer go out of business with the new collateral posting requirements by ERCOT, which include a look at the forward markets. It might be harder for some of the smaller retail providers to manage their balance sheet if they're undercapitalized through those collateral requirements. For us, I think strategy is the same. We'll look for good value propositions. Our track record with Integrys and Con Ed and what we're looking at now with the FES book will continue to be the same to look for value. As far as the lag effect, you may see the impact of the volatility for the larger players impact maybe in the longer term as the contract tenures and the extended start dates are further out in the curve. So they're currently contracting for load out two or three years forward.
