Chris Crane: Thanks, Joe. Turning to Slide 29, I want to discuss our key focus areas for 2021. Obviously, we will be working on preparations to separate the businesses, including the regulatory approvals that we are confident we will obtain. That is the work of relatively a small group of our team members, most of the company will continue to focus on delivering operational excellence across our businesses. The operating - operating the grid reliably and safely, supporting our customers and communities during the pandemic and everyday providing zero-carbon energy will meet or exceed our financial commitments delivering earnings within our guidance range and maintain a strong balance sheet. We'll continue our work to mitigate the impact of ERCOT losses and maximize the earnings and cash flow. At the utilities, we will prudently and effectively deploy $6.6 billion of capital to benefit the customers meet the state's energy policy goals. We will work with our regulators to ensure timely recovery on these investments. We'll continue to advocate for clean energy climate policies, with the new administration Congress and the states to put our country on a path of meeting the carbon reduction goals. In Illinois, stakeholders continue discussion on clean energy legislation. The Governor has called for passing an energy bill this session that protects our nuclear fleet, grows renewable energy and supports customers and job creation. We expect the legislation - legislative process to ramp up in the coming weeks and months. We will continue to work with all interested parties on legislation that will achieve the state's clean energy goals and a power system dependability, while protecting our customers from higher bills, dirtier air in our communities from the loss of the economic engines that our nuclear plants are. To be a partner and an ally to our communities we serve, including following through on our work we have underway on social justice, racial equity and restoring civil discourse. Thank you, and I'll open the call up for questions.
Chris Crane: You know, it's really early on that one as we go through the planning process, understand what we'll be prioritizing at the GenCo for debt reduction or alternate investments we'll have to see on that and to talk about the RemainCo is definitely early in the planning process, we have to look at all sources and uses of cash. And do that throughout the year before we give a suggestion to the Board on the long-term.
Chris Crane: You know, we - we've had a cloud in Illinois, and that has slowed the process of the discussion as some look at ComEd and the nuclear plants being one, and working to separate that, but also explaining not only the environmental benefits, but the community and the economic benefits that they serve along with the reliability. You know, in all of our jurisdictions that we have nuclear plants, I think that recognition is strong or becoming stronger. The preliminary conversations that Kathleen and her team are having with the administration and the Congress are positive. You know, it's, to say that that you can see a carbon tax in the future, the eminent future, still a lot of ground to plow there, but continuing to work on some other mechanisms that her team has been engaged with on the legislative side and briefing on the administrative side, I do feel from a year ago to now we're making progress.
Chris Crane: Yeah, the first step is working with the other stakeholders on what happens and what's the future design of the Texas market? Do they lean towards a reliability standard that takes into consideration capacity tested for, which has not been the view of the market design in Texas, there's been a lot written on this over the years that we're heading in this direction is a very unfortunate event? But we have to know first a market design. The second thing is we have to look at the design and the root cause on our specific units. And the issues that we had anywhere from metallurgical issues to pressure issues to instrument issues. We had taken some action after the Super Bowl event a couple of years ago. But you don't get compensated to do what we've done in other jurisdictions with hardening the plants that have not only energies but capacity payments that allow you to make those investments. So you know, we have to look at it, we want to be a reliable provider. We want to participate in a market that's designed to not only protect the consumers, the cost element, the reliability element, but allow us to make the investments and operate our plants safely and reliably.
Chris Crane: The one thing is, you have to differentiate between the market designs. Texas is far different than PJM. The interconnectability and availability of power through that Eastern interconnect is strong. We have taken on steps in other markets to ensure that we have adequate capacity that can weather such events, weather events. But you know, you take in an isolated market, where you do not have the ability to import, cover your load. You have a price cap at significantly high, and you essentially lose your sites. It is not something you can hedge for at this time in ERCOT. And that's what we have to work on. But our hedging strategy and our ability to have our customer-facing products in our retail C&I and Residential business, as many risk focuses on that, and we continue to work as the markets evolve. So we're not looking at it like this is an event everywhere across the country, as long as we keep focusing on sound market designs, understanding capacity requirements and the investments required by the generators to prevent such volatility. But our hedging strategy is the key to that.
Chris Crane: So that's a pretty broad question and there's a bunch of questions in there. I think, I'll let Joe start with it and then see where we go for the rest of it with Kathleen and -
Chris Crane: There's a very focused team that's overseeing this, working with individual businesses on making sure that they can commit to what we believe that these goals are, that come up with this savings range, and will continue to challenge from the corporate financial organization, other areas on where we can affect some dampening of the effects of ERCOT.
Chris Crane: I'd just like to thank everybody for joining today. You know we had a lot to go through today. As we were planning for this with the Board, we did not anticipate the ERCOT event to the extent that it played through, creates a little bit of complication. But it's nothing that the team is not up to try to work through the challenges. So we'll continue to update you on the calls or if something happens. In the meantime, when we think is worthy, Dan and his team, Emily will be reaching out to folks just to make sure we're in sync and you know where we're going. So with that, be safe and thank you.
Joe Nigro: So Stephen, good morning, it's Joe. I can't tell you that you know, are those entities contributed $0.14 to earnings in 2020. We have included an expectation of value in our '21 forecast. You know along those assumptions you - we have assumptions of what the IPO schedules would look like. Obviously, for competitive reasons, I can't say a lot more than that. And as you know, these will move around day-to-day until they get to IPO and also till we get to a point if we consider liquidation. But we have included some value in our '21 forecast.
Joe Nigro: Yeah. Those are two very distinct things, when you look at the $1 billion, $1 billion of equity is needed at our RemainCo. And it matches to the growth plans, the capital allocation plan and our target metrics we're shooting for. You know, we'll see where these investments move through time, and we'll make the necessary decisions on what we want to do with liquidation you know, as we see value, but at this point, they're not linked.
Joe Nigro: Yeah, Stephen, we, as you know, we have a long history of investment grade at Exelon Generation. We have had preliminary conversations with the agencies and we've shared data with them, it's been very productive. You know, you've heard both Chris and I say in our prepared remarks, that we have a continued commitment to investment grade with the SpinCo. And the first use of the free cash flow will be to manage the balance sheet and pay down debt. You know, we believe investment grade has value to the business, and also to completing the transaction. And given the strength of the balance sheet, we expected warrants to be investment grade, even when it's fine.
Joe Nigro: Yeah, I think there, Steve, just examples of things that could change. It would be you know, we talked about $500 million of incremental capital investment at our utilities year-over-year in the four-year horizon, that would obviously have an impact. You know, ComEd currently is under a formula rate the ties to treasuries, treasuries move around, you know, regulatory settlements could change from assumption. So there are factors that will move it, but when we look at our plan as laid out, and we look at the metrics and all, you know, right now we see $1 billion of equity need -
Joe Nigro: The answer to your first question is, we've made an assumption of EDF put in this analysis. The second one we have had preliminary conversations with the agencies. It's you know, it's too soon for us to begin commenting on what targets and metrics you know would look like but we are confident that both entities will be strong investment grade rating companies.
Joe Nigro: Yeah, so I think, Shah to the question of parental guarantees that we don't expect any parental guarantees being held at RemainCo for the benefit of SpinCo. I think, to your agency question. You know, there's a number of ways to think about that, right. We continue to look at ways to shore up the cash flows in the business, you looked at the, you know, the ZEC payments, capacity payments, the strength of our Constellation business, the strength of our Nuclear operations were strong investment grade rating. Now, I think, you know, we continually honor that commitment. We think there's value in it, our value return policy and our capital allocation at SpinCo. First and foremost, we'll start with debt reduction with the use of free cash flow. So I think all of those things go into the dialogue with the agencies to ensure that, you know, we continue as an investment grade entity.
Joe Nigro: So the debt will remain, the HoldCo debt will remain with the parent with RemainCo. When you talk about dissynergies, there are opportunities to reduce costs when you look at governance models, you look at, you know, the use of technology and some of the other external things we spend money on. We're going to challenge ourselves like we do each year to determine how we can continue reduce that, but we are confident when you go through those buckets that we can offset any dissynergies.
Joe Nigro: Okay. Yeah, what we've said is, you know, we've aligned the utility payout at 60% of EBS - EPS it'll grow in line with our earnings growth. And, you know, we believe that compares to other high growth and high quality utilities. We haven't made a determination on the capital allocation plan at SpinCo for some of the reasons that we've talked about in our prepared remarks. And you know, the first and foremost, we're going to continue to pay down debt there to maintain the strength of the balance sheet, because we think that an investment grade rating is important. And then beyond that we'll determine how we return capital to the shareholders. And we expect to have, you know, those decisions made through time here, we're just not ready to commit to that at this point, given some of the uncertainty.
Joe Nigro: I wouldn't say it that black and white, I would say we have to make a determination on what our capital allocation policy is. And we'll do that through time as some of these other things are resolved. But there's been no final determination.
Joe Nigro: Michael, the one thing I would say is, and we made this comment in our prepared remarks, we looked at the SpinCo business under a range of different scenarios. And those scenarios ultimately take into account, you know, changes in cash flow assumptions, and how we would manage the business accordingly. I think you've seen us through time, you know, we would be very prudent, financially with a lot of discipline, right, we've used alternative tools like project financing, we've retired assets when they were on economic and we couldn't get paid for them. We've sold assets that the market has put a higher premium on than ours. But we don't look at just one point estimate or we have to make sure we understand how shocks would impact our, you know, the balance sheet and the free cash flow of the company. And we continue to look at that and you know, your example of capacity outcomes would tie into that.
Joe Nigro: Yeah, so Jonathan 6% to 8% is a long-term target for us. As you could imagine, you know, given the size and scale of our business, there's going to be some oscillation in a given period of time. When you think about rate case timing and then would be one that changes it. So if you were to carry this through to '25, you would see strong growth, just given some of the timing of our rate cases. I would also say, you know, the work we're doing at the utilities under Calvin Butler's leadership is to make sure that we're reducing lag, right, we're investing for the benefit of our consumers and improving reliability and the customer experience. But we're also trying to make sure that we reduce the regulatory lag. And we've seen that with things like the multi-year rate plan in Maryland and DC, for example, but there are going to be some years where it moves around just given timing of rate cases and other things.
Joe Nigro: Yeah, no, though, it will take time to flush through the year. And, you know, we're looking at these in a number of buckets, we have the ability to defer non-essential maintenance. There are some one-time cost savings, which will monetize throughout the year. And then there are some revenue enhancement opportunities, which also will happen throughout the year. But there's a number of different levers that we're using.
