Kenneth Cornew: Yes. I think we are where we've been talking about being for the last few months. We see the 2 big drivers in RPM being -- have the supply side into this auction, and that is -- the coal plants and how they bid their costs given the environmental regulations John talked about and how much demand response shows up at the auction. So right now, we see -- our modeling shows a result that is very similar to last year. If less demand response shows up and generators bid their costs, we could see some upside.
Kenneth Cornew: As Matt indicated, we do see upside in NiHub prices. I continue to look at spot heat rates and historical heat rates for the last couple of years and see heat rates in the 7.5 to 8 range. And in the forwards, we're still seeing the low 6s for heat rate. So I believe there is upside in NiHub prices, and that continues to rationalize itself in the spot market. As Matt said, we are adjusting our hedging strategy in accordance to that belief and keeping some more position in the NiHub, relatively speaking, and in '14 and '15, in particular, were largely open as we indicated. So we see that our portfolio is well positioned to take advantage of that upside. That market is not overly liquid, particularly when you talk about trading in the '14, '15 time frame, so we expect to see more rational pricing as that market starts to develop more trading activity as time goes on.
Kenneth Cornew: Again, we're seeing really good liquidity at West Hub, and that market has a lot of participants. And NiHub it's -- it tends to be more in lumps. When the Illinois Power Authority comes out to procure more power going forward for a couple -- on behalf of our and ComEd customers, we will likely see liquidity at that time in the NiHub market. But the NiHub market is relatively thin in that '14, '15 time frame in particular.
Kenneth Cornew: Jonathan, we have done some hedging in 2014 commensurate with our ratable hedging program. We did see, at the beginning of the quarter, some pressure on NiHub prices likely driven by entities doing some hedging. We did most of our hedging early in the quarter, and we think the market's rebounded somewhat because that pressure has backed off.
Kenneth Cornew: That's correct. And obviously, we look for all the different channels. We talked about the hedge, not just underlying OTC [over-the-counter] transactions, it's the retail business, it's potential put option strategy, it's different locations like Ad Hub [ph], it's different locations in the East relative to load auctions and the retail business. So there are wide variety of channels for us to perform our hedges in 2014.
Kenneth Cornew: Jonathan, I think a lot of it is how far away we are, and I think it's going to be time. Clearly, if the rules become final and more knowledge is out there as to what the plants are actually doing, that will end up being reflected in power markets, so that will help. But I think time is the biggest issue right now and it's just going to take some time for the markets to rationalize what we think they will.
Kenneth Cornew: No, Jonathan, it's just timing. The project's scope hasn't changed. Execution and building, things like that have some flexibility as we work through the projects, but they're still on budget, and we'll adjust the timing over the next quarters and you're still on schedule.
John Rowe: I'll let Chris start, because he knows the detail much better than I, to kind of give you a little frosting that I can't. Go ahead Chris.
John Rowe: Well, since I thought all this stuff was coming, I sold the coal, so I'm not the expert on that. And I'm going to let Joe Dominguez, who is, respond to that one.
John Rowe: My latest thoughts are just what my thoughts have been for several years. I keep saying that consolidation makes sense in this industry, that it's essential in this industry. We always look and we're as cold-blooded as it can be when it comes down to the economics. We won't overpay for a deal and we won't enter transactions that give away all of our upside to a power market recovery. It's really important to us. We've talked to enough of you about it to know that you don't want us to do that. We won't give up our financial discipline and we're committed to protecting our investment-grade rating. I mean we know that we would have a prettier, more balanced company if we had a larger share of regulated operations along with our generating business. But simple, plain old shareholder value trumps that sort of strategy every time, so we are where we have been. I'm reminded, my troops didn't tell me to say this, So I'm probably out on a limb, but the Pope was asked to comment on Mel Gibson's movie about the crucifixion, and he had said, "it was as it was." We are as we were.
John Rowe: I think it's more balanced. We continue to look at smaller units being economically challenged to the extent that DSI opportunity makes it a little easier to comply. Natural gas prices and power prices aren't making it easier economically for these units. So when you look at the whole picture of value for smaller coal units, very, very challenged right now, and particularly challenged at least, if we see lower capacity results in the next off.
John Rowe: We could consider it, but we aren't going to do it. We've gotten a lot of anxiety with credit rating agencies over having -- one was done what they thought was one too many before, and it would be very unlikely that we would do a share buyback. We do believe these fundamentals will turn out for our benefit. We want to keep our balance sheet strong as we work through the trough. And the best places we can react to this are places you've already asked about, which are things we can do with Ken's hedging strategy, his efforts to find longer-term contracts that reflect these realities and our efforts to reach the market more effectively so we're less dependent on pure spot prices.
John Rowe: That's asking the lady the question she already refused to answer. Our virtue will remain intact, at least in so far as I can protect it. Look, we've talked about the things that interest us many, many times. We're not coy about that. We'd like more regulated assets if the price is right. We like more generation assets, especially nuclear and gas, if the price is right. We like more renewables if the price is right, we get enough contracts. We like safer channels to market, and we won't say anything about any specifics.
John Rowe: Right. It's a combination. It's for -- when we run our models and particularly in the Midwest, we don't see that the Midwest prices are reflecting an uplift from these rules. And our models are indicating a $4 to $6 uplift from retirements and from increased cost of dispatch. That combination of elements are both reflected in the $4 to $6. As we said before, we think we are seeing that in West Hub prices eastern part of PJM, we don't see those uplift reflected in the NiHub prices at this time.
John Rowe: It does. It does, and it's hard to decompose what's actually driving market prices. But we think largely that $4 to $6 should show up in the future in the NiHub price, and right now, at least a lot of it is showing up in the West Hub price, in the '14, '15 or under.
John Rowe: Yes, but the large majority of that reduction in that effective realized energy price is merely a fact that we put on more hedges at lower prices and our previous hedges were at higher prices, so we're going to see the effective realized energy price come down. Coupled with that in this quarter, we looked at '13 NiHub prices and saw that the drop was primarily driven by summer and fall months. And our hedging position in the Midwest has a significant amount of energy sold in the Jan through May period because of the 3,000-megawatt ComEd swap. So we didn't see as much mark-to-market uplift on the swap commensurate with the price drop that we really modeled later on in the year, so that's helping drive down the effective realized energy price. But again, the majority of that change is merely the fact that we're putting on more hedges in a lower market.
John Rowe: Thank you everybody, and I appreciate the compliments on the quarter. We were very happy with it. I just like to finish with this little wrap-up.  As we all know, the world that we were in love with came to an end back in 2008. Since that time, we have delivered operating earnings of $4.20, $4.12 and $4.06. As you can tell from our results in the first quarter and our reconfirmed estimate range, we are in a very good position to give you numbers like that again this year.  When next year and 2013 come, we cannot fully overcome the downward pressure that has existed on electricity prices. You know that, and have been pricing that into our shares for at least a year, probably 2 years now. But I urge you to look at how well this machine is operating. We continue to produce results that are better than the models indicate. I think we can keep doing that as we go forward, and you can't be sure until you see it, which is why we don't always put it in a forecast. But there are a lot of good things going on within this company, and there are good opportunities that Kevin and his team keep finding in the power markets that you can't put just in a linear extrapolation.  So I feel very good about this quarter. I feel very good about last year, and I think we will continue to deliver you results that are just a little better than you might by playing with your models. Meanwhile, thanks for your patience and I appreciate the compliments on the quarter.
Christopher Crane: Just breaking down. The way the 316(b) was issued for review, we feel there's a lot more flexibility and it's not "one size fits all," which would drive us into more expensive remediation methodologies to cooling towers. So we have -- and we'll continue to evaluate our fleet. But we do not see a material increase in capital expenditure required for the cooling towers. Now that said, it's a state-by-state interpretation and we'll continue to monitor over the next couple of years as permits come up, how we work within the states. Our biggest issue in that area has been in -- is reflected in our decision at Oyster Creek based off of the state's decision there for the Barnegat Bay. On Fukushima, we think that the analysis that is under way will continue to support the design -- the structural design of our various reactor types, and it will reaffirm our operating strategies to ensure that we do not challenge the structural integrity as a potential event happens. We see the expense and the focus coming more in operating strategies in preparations for beyond-design basis accidents, things you just can't anticipate, and we'll work with the regulator and the industry on those. We have differentiated ourselves significantly in operating strategy. And everybody's read the articles over the last couple of weeks that have been in most of the papers and they've heard from the U.S. regulators and the administration, many politicians about those differences. So we're not anticipating large capital expenditures, maintenance CapEx or installation of any major upgrades and we'll just continue to work. Trying to quantify the expense where we think more of it will come in, it's too early now. Again, I don't see it as significantly material at this point. But Chip Pardee is leading the industry group, working with NEI and INPO to make sure that we're closely in communication with the regulators and the administration -- the politicians so we can resolve the concerns and continue with the high safety records in preparation standards that we have.
Christopher Crane: No, we haven't had any dialogue with the states on any level of concern about that. It will be a subject that will come up. We believe our current evacuation plans are at the right level. They don't just stop at 10 miles. I mean, we've talk about a 10-mile EPZ. We actually do have monitoring out further than 10 miles where protective actions could be stated if warranted. I think the reality is our operating practices would prevent us from getting beyond those -- that limit. You'll hear a lot from anti groups using that as a major issue, and they'll be trying to use that to attack specific plants that they've been after for years. But we just -- we don't see that as being a valid issue, and we think that the debate will take place and the regulator, we'll be looking at it. But we don't see any changes or anticipate changes.
Christopher Crane: We don't comment on anything specific that hasn't already gone by. And we won't -- this lady is not for commenting on rumors.
Christopher Crane: We still expect to see a retirement of somewhere between 9 and 11 gigawatts in the PJM territory, Paul.
Joseph Dominguez: Thanks, John. I think it is going to be different for PRB units, where we have predicted for some time that DSI [dry sorbent injection] is an option. I think you're probably going to see more scrubbing, more wet scrubbing and dry scrubbing on Appalachian units, and perhaps a little bit more than EPA has predicted in its models. Where DSI applies, there is obviously going to be a variable-cost impact, and we're going to look very carefully at what happens with SO2 emissions. And it's -- there's a potential there that you could see on a megawatt-hour basis, an increase in variable costs of somewhere between $4 to $8, depending on how much SO2 has to come out if you use a dry scrubber. In that instance, the impact isn't necessarily felt in the capacity market, but on the energy side of the equation where units remain, they don't retire, but they have higher variable costs and higher dispatch costs.
Joseph Dominguez: Sure. Presently, Brian, we don't see the site-wide averaging as being an option that's going to be available to a lot of units. It doesn't necessarily affect our retirement analysis at all materially.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes, I just gave a number, a range of $4 to $8, and I've seen estimates that are $10 or more. I think to get to those numbers, you're really using DSI to capture a lot of SO2. To just capture mercury and capture hydrochloric acid, the numbers are going to be significantly lower. But it's going to depend on how those particular owners decide to use DSI to capture SO2 for Transport Rule purposes. So it could be as high as that. We see the range being $4 to $8.
Joseph Dominguez: No, that just is the variable costs of it. If you're talking waste disposal, you're talking about the residue and the ash treatment. We're going to see how the coal ash rules come out. That's going to be incremental to the numbers that we talked about.
