Jeanne Jones: Thank you, Calvin, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by sharing my own excitement about closing out our first year as the new Exelon. As proud as I am of what we accomplished in 2022, I'm even more excited about our future. Our utilities serve the homes of more than 10 million customers, customers that include our employees, our families, hospitals, schools, and businesses.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. No, I think that’s well said. As Calvin said, we’re still working on the tax repairs deduction and without specific language in the regulations, we continue to assume the higher cash tax burden, but you do – by having the deferred tax asset at the operating companies, you do earn on that in rate base. So that provides a little bit of sort of offset over time as that rate base builds. We also, so all of the cash taxes are included in our forward-looking guidance from both an EPS and a credit metric perspective. And we continue to reaffirm the 6% to 8% on the EPS side. And then as it relates to the balance sheet, we are still expecting to be at that 13% to 14%. And so with the inclusion of the higher cash taxes or said another way, without the repairs deduction, we expect to be closer to that 13%. If we are able to include the tax repairs deduction, we’d be at the higher end of that 13% to 14%. So, we’ll continue to work with treasury on that, and we’ll continue to focus on our cost management and cash management to continue to increase that cushion.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. So we typically don’t give specific years. The rating agencies will publish that. We ended the year above our downgrade threshold. I think, as you think about credit metrics, the way we look at it and the way the agencies do is over a three-year, four-year time period because of the different moves in cash from a regulatory perspective. So, I’ll give you a couple of examples. While we’ve benefited from the higher ROEs [at ComEd] (ph) on the earnings side, we can recognize that the cash collections on that come through the reconciliation. So for example, in 2022, right, we had the higher earned ROEs, we won’t collect that until 2024. So it’s important for us to look at it on an average basis so that you capture those timing differences. The other aspect I’ll mention is, as I talked about in my prepared remarks, ComEd elected to defer some of the rate increase in 2024 to 2026. So again, looking on it over that time period is important because without it, you’re missing some of the cash timing. And that’s why we look at it on that average basis.
Jeanne Jones: Yes, we want to retain the flexibility just given varying market conditions, but we do still have our $1 billion ATM, so we can leverage that as needed to dribble it in as you suggest.
Jeanne Jones: David, I think the – so tapping off of that. On PECO, I would look you to Slide 16. So there is the second year of PECO in 2023. But to your point, beyond 2023, we expect to be within or above the range. And so, while you have PECO in 2023, there’s a couple other factors impacting 2023 that don’t carry forward. Unlike, our assumption that PECO continues on this three-year rate case cycle. There’s a couple other things that are unique to 2023 that I’ll just highlight. One is, as we’ve talked about, we’re not yet through the reconciliation processes in Maryland and D.C. for the first multi-year plans. Once we get through that, the alignment between rate-based and growth and earnings growth is strengthened. So that’s number one. The second is in 2023, we have the D.C. stay out provision. So they’re still on 2022 rates. And so as we get out of that and move towards 2024, you’re going to have new rate cases, new multi-year plans for 2024, 2025, 2026. Starting in 2024, so that starts again to strengthen the earnings power there. And then on top of that, ComEd is moving to its multiyear plan. And so as you go through 2024 you start to see again three of our four operating companies on multiyear plans with reconciliations, strengthening that alignment between rate base growth and earnings growth. And then you've got PECO with that variability that Calvin and Mike touched on. So that's why, if you look forward, 2023 is a little bit different than 2024, 2025, 2026, and I think Slide 16 really helps lay that out.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. Great question. So for – you’re right, so for 2021 to 2022, we did see a little bit higher O&M. We had projected at Analyst Day to be up around a $100 million year-over-year due to certain IT investments, another infrastructure, cybersecurity work that was occurring in this year. But in addition to that, there were a couple other items at the end of this year or that impacted 2022. First was we have some onetime cost associated with the implementation of the Climate and Equitable Jobs Act at ComEd. So that’s reflective there. In addition to that, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did some derisking this year. So we took advantage of the opportunity from some of the tailwinds related to the ComEd ROE and favorable weather conditions to get some work done this year, including corrective maintenance and veg management, but also some customer assistance and community support initiatives. So all in all that, that sort of gets you to the higher O&M for 2022. And then you asked about how to think about it going forward. I think the, our goal is to keep O&M as low as possible. You can see 2022 to 2023 is only a 1% increase and our long-term CAGR since 2016 has been about 1.7%. So our goal is to keep that as low as possible.
Jeanne Jones: Yes, no, there was some also at BGE on the transmission side. So I think, while ComEd updated for its multiyear plan, there was also some added investment at BGE as well.
Jeanne Jones: Yes, I think as you saw in the waterfall of the latest, sort of financing of the investment plan, our internal cash flows continue to strengthen as we step into new multiyear plans. And we have the roll-off of the onetime opening balance sheet adjustment in 2022. But, and as our rate base grows and depreciation, we collect that and reinvest it back in the business. As you think about, so for that period, right we’ve reaffirmed the 425 to the extent additional capital is required to help our energy, our jurisdictions with their energy transformation. You can expect us to fund it in a balanced way with a keen focus on our commitment to 6% to 8% as well as the balance sheet cushion that we talk about a 100 to 200 basis points.
Calvin Butler: Thank you, Jeanne. Before turning it over for questions, I will end with the focus of what’s ahead for 2023. Operations and safety continue to be foundational. Maintaining reliability for our customers, while operating safely is non-negotiable. We’ll deploy $7.2 billion of capital, ensuring we make the necessary progress to meet the reliability and technology needs of tomorrow’s grid. Indeed, as many of you saw last week, the FBI announced it had interrupted a plot to damage Maryland’s power grid. The need to enhance the physical and cybersecurity of the grid has never been greater. The industry has made it a priority. The partnership between the industry and the government is key to our defences and on behalf of our employees and our customers we greatly appreciate the vigilance and dedication by the FBI and U.S. attorney for the District of Maryland in protecting our nation’s critical infrastructure. Thank you. Despite the urgency, investing capital efficiently will ensure we are making returns on our investments in line with those allowed by our jurisdictions, earning ROEs in the 9% to 10% range. As a result, we expect to deliver on our earnings guidance for 2023, maintain our focus on a strong balance sheet and execute on a number of rate cases this year to sustain operational and financial performance in the future. As we deliver on this plan, we will continue to focus on the value we are providing our customers. This includes not only continuing to advocate for policies that keep the customers as top priority, but also continuing to evaluate our own business to find efficiencies as a more focused transmission and distribution only utility. Like 2022, we have a lot we want to accomplish in 2023. But we again, expect to be successful because that’s what we do. And we know that’s what you expect from the premier, transmission and distribution company one that’s deploying $31 billion of capital for our customers with rate-based growth and ROEs resulting in 6% to 8% earnings and dividend growth and a total shareholder return of 9% to 11%. As always, thank you for your time and support. And we’ll now take your questions.
Calvin Butler: Sure, Nick. Thank you. I’ll start, and then as always, I turn to Jeanne because her team is leading this effort with treasury through the efforts of Rob with EEI. But as we continue to assume that the CMAT is implemented in a way that does not allow for repairs treatment, resulting in incremental cash taxes. As Jeanne talked about, we have fully incorporated into our guidance, including recording each utility CMAT on its balance sheet and as part of its rate base and the implied impact will move around as taxable income and book income change. That doesn’t mean that we’re not continuing to work with treasury to get those – that repairs language because we believe that is the best thing for our customers. In addition to that, Nick, as we’ve talked about, we have already taken that challenge and offset within our earnings, but we have pushed it down into the utilities where the income is earned and it will move around. But I’ll let Jeanne clarify, provide any additional information.
Calvin Butler: No, I would anticipate on this - this would be fully litigated Steve, because, as we talked about, as I talked about in my comments, it’s been a very engaged stakeholder process. And if I was the commission in this, I would make sure that we have a forum for everyone to be heard and we wouldn’t rush to the final outcome because this will put Illinois on a path to decarbonize like no other state except for maybe California. And it’s in a very aggressive approach and the legislation is comprehensive and ComEd being the largest utility in the state I think they need to make sure that all voices are heard and the stakeholders are engaged throughout.
Calvin Butler: Absolutely. A couple of things. As we've been highlighting to you in our previous earnings call, we understood and have a clear understanding of what the City of Chicago was striving for. And I think the proposal that ComEd has presented in partnership with the Mayor outlines the goals of decarbonization, equity and workforce development. Within that ComEd over the course of the last couple of years as they've been negotiating this and putting this in place, understood the dollars in which they would do and what we would commit to as a company. Exelon, ComEd and alike and shareholder commitment to this effort because we value the partnership. So what has been outlined from the Mayor really is essence of all of that in terms. Gil, as I mentioned, is here to talk about some of the details, but what we have laid out is that this process goes to the Rules Committee this month with the city. And from there, it will go to a committee of jurisdiction. And we're confident that, as they begin to do an analysis of what we're proposing, it will meet the aspirations of the city and achieve those goals overall. So on the financials, I'm going to turn it over to Gil to kind of walk you through what that is.
Calvin Butler: Yes. James, great question, but I'll be honest with you. When we look at our interactions and engagement with regulatory bodies, we anticipate turnover. And that is exactly why – although we have regular conversations about the process and what we're proposing, our real engagement happens with our stakeholders, the stakeholders, our customers, residential, commercial and industrial. As I outlined in terms of ComEd even filing, I think there were over 45 stakeholder meetings, presentations over and over 1,000 different people attended these. So although the commission turnover is something that we deal within all of our jurisdictions, if we're doing this right, and I think we are. We're meeting the policy expectations of each of our jurisdictions, aligning our filings with those policies and engaging stakeholders at the grassroot level, the commission turnover should not be that big of a deal. So that's how we approach it in not only Illinois but in each of our jurisdictions.
Calvin Butler: Thank you, Gigi. Let me first begin by saying thank you to each of you for joining the call and the partnership that you’ve shown and demonstrated to Jeanne and I over the last several months. It’s been really appreciated. And to our employees, thank you for all the hard work and dedication that you demonstrated in 2022. We look forward to engaging with all of you throughout 2023. And with that, that concludes this call. Have a great day.
