Chris Crane: Thanks, Jeanne. Moving to Slide 11. I’d like to emphasize excellence in value proposition and placing the energy delivery industry. The economy is making the transition to a cleaner, more resilient energy model the significant federal legislation passed this year, including the IIJA and the IRA provide momentum and support to our jurisdictions, which have been leading the way for years. Exelon offers an unparalleled exposure to that opportunity. We serve more electric and gas customers in any of the utility in the country in some of the largest cities of the country. We have earned the trust of our customers and our commissions by consistently reliably providing top-notch operation performance. And we live our values with steady commitments to path – to our path to clean goal as well as through environmental advocacy and is support for our communities in a strong governance model. As a result, there is a tremendous demand and support for investments we expect to make in our communities, which, as I said earlier, totals that $29 million of capital from 2022 to 2025. And only in the beginning stages of the transition that will take hold a few decades. None of our investments represent more than 1% of the $29 billion and the result from customer growth need to keep up the customer demand and the resilience on the [indiscernible] So we continue to feel confident in our 8.1% rate base growth and the projected 6% to 8% growth through – rate growth through 2025. We offer a very strong proposition – we have offered very strong proposition and will continue for years to come with the balance sheet and matching dividend commitments, combining our 3.5% dividend yield with the 6% to 8% annual growth offers low risk to the 9.5% to 11.5% total return proposition. That brings me to my retirement announcement. As noted in the release yesterday, I’ll retire at the end of the year. And as I mentioned, Calvin will assume the role of CEO and a member of the Exelon Board. We have made this decision recently that I will need treatment for a significant spine and hip issue that require me to focus on my health. Because of these issues, I won’t be able to join you – but Calvin and Jeanne and other members of our senior team look forward to seeing you there. Being part of building this industry-leading company over the last 24 years has been an honor. Regardless of the economy, the commodity prices, the regulatory output for our asset mix, Exelon has always focused on job running its operations safely and at top notch levels to serve our customers. We have built an amazing platform over the decades. I want to thank all of our talented employees, what they have done to get us where we are today and recognize the diverse experience and innovative approaches that will get us to where we need to go tomorrow. While I’ll miss being part of the team being this energy industry transformation, I have all the trust in the world of Calvin and his leadership team to rise to the latest challenges in Exelon in many ways. As always, thank you for your time and support and we’ll now take questions.
Chris Crane: One thing Steve [indiscernible] with the IRS. So they march to their own big – our tech folks here are working with the industry and are really working on trying to communicate the necessity to move faster. But there can’t be a guarantees in the first quarter we have a good agreement on the approach.
Chris Crane: I think you’re used to us having the nuclear benchmarking book and how every nuclear operator shared their operational data and their cost data. UCG, we’ve got a lot of information from. And so we have very solid benchmarks. What we know is the national rates, affordability rates and we’ve continued to stay low those. But you’re not going to get the same level of disclosure from every facility like you got it from every plant. So the team has to work hard not only benchmarking ourselves against ourselves but also finding willing partners that will let us benchmark with them and benchmark with us. So we have a very high level of confidence Jeanne said it the supportability metrics and the total cost to the consumer that we’re far below the average benchmark, but the cost of putting a hole in the cost of transform just don’t get down to that level of detail or have that in the utilities. So we have to depend on our own challenges and depend on some that we can benchmark with and continue to drive these other indicators to ensure we’re providing the best service at the cheapest price.
Chris Crane: So I think that’s the end of the call. I’d like to thank you for joining the call today. The team looks forward to seeing many of you at EEI later that month, this month. And with that, I’ll just close everything out. And thank you all.
Jeanne Jones: Yes, yes. You’re thinking about it right. And I’ll just reiterate that the shareholders [ph] represent year-over-year growth from the prior year. So the way you walked through it is right. And then what we’ve tried to do is not give you a specific number for every year, but sort of narrow the outcome based on the building blocks below the CAGR line. So you can see the combination of growth over those years, puts us squarely in the 6% to 8% commitment 2021 through 2025.
Jeanne Jones: Sure. Yes. So, I think three questions there. First, when we think about mitigation, there is working with EEI and the industry on the regulation. So that certainly would be a meaningful mitigation there if the regulations are written in a way that allows for certain deductions that we’ve previously had. But I would also say, as you know, right, we will look internally to do what we can, mitigate anything that we can on our end. But it’s a combination of those factors, but that’s right, the 60 basis points to 70 basis points that we put on the slide is the unmitigated whether through the regulations or internally the most conservative impact. I think your second question, I’m forgetting, but the third question was if the regulations do mitigate it or if it’s a 60 basis points to 70 basis points go away are we still committed to the $425 million that we are. So, we’re not – we don’t expect to do any more than the $1 billion we announced. As you know, we’ve already done the $575 million and then the remaining $425 million will execute between 2023 and 2025. The timing of the regulation.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. So it would be helpful to have them by the first quarter. Obviously, that would be when we make our first payment that would be helpful, and we’ve sort of signaled that, that would be helpful, but we really can’t control. And we should know more next year, the sooner the better, obviously. But we’re still working through that. There are obviously the treasury is obviously still working through that.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I think we always seem to be solidly in within the range, right? But we haven’t given you sort of where with it. But what we’ve tried to do is show you that if you look at the year-over-year growth, and you look at the drivers below it that we are confidently reaffirming our 6% to 8% 2021 through 2025.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I think it’s – I think you’re thinking about it right. We are affirming we don’t need more than the $1 billion that we mentioned after analyzing the unmitigated impact. We can – again, whether it’s unmitigated through EEI or internally, we can absorb that on the balance sheet, stay above our downgrade threshold without incremental equity and then be within our 13% to 14% over the planning price.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I think the trajectory is pretty consistent. There might have been some puts and takes between 2023 and 2024, but the sort of nonlinearity. And I think the fundamental thing is it’s consistent with what we said at Analyst Day and that we’re investing $29 billion, which drives the rate fees growth of 8.1%, which drives the earnings growth. But because of the rate case timing, there’s some variability in there. And I think what we’re hopeful here is that this visual provides more clarity on how that – how those rate cases impact different years.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I think what I would just say, the combination of growth over the years and we’re – and then the tilde [ph], I’m laughing because we’ve – you wouldn’t view us laugh at how much we spend over tilde versus other things here to show the visual. But what we’re trying to show here is that the combination of growth puts you squarely in the range. And so that’s what we want to reiterate through the investments of the $29 billion, what we’re confident we’re going to be squarely in the range.
Jeanne Jones: Sure, yes. So I’ll take that. As Calvin mentioned, I think the first and foremost is our continued focus on cost management. So we continue to do that. I think the other thing is we’re also looking to manage interest rate volatility. So when you think about our long-term financing, we use tools there like creation, hedging to dollar cost average into the long-term rates before the issuance on our short-term debt. We’ve got interest rate caps that protect against the upside but also retain the benefit should rates fall. So we’re doing all the things we can to control costs heading into 2023. And then in addition to that I think you asked about where we marked that, I think in the footnote it says as of 9.30 [ph], so we marked comment to the 9.30 rate for 2023 there.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I would say there – the categories are somewhat consistent, but they’re also different enough, right? I don’t think you can back cast it. But what I would say is under the formula rate, one piece that’s very different as there was only downside risk and so we only had penalties under the formula rate. What’s constructive about this new path going forward is we now have the opportunity to do better. And as you heard Chris say, ComEd performing the best it ever has in its 100 years of operations. And so we’re excited about that. I think the other thing about the multi-year plan is the upfront alignment around the investments. And that was also there in the formula rate where we agreed that there would be grid modernization required and smart meters. And when you look at the results of that ComEd improve the reliability at 82%. So we like the ability to align upfront and we like the ability to get recognized should we perform well, which ComEd has done.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I think that it operates – we look at it across the board and we would say there’s opportunity everywhere, right? We want to drive to the lowest cost possible while maintaining safety and reliability. I think the where everyone can kind of see what we see is where it shows up in our affordability metric because O&M is such a lever when you think about driving affordability. And so when you look at our electric, whether it’s build or rate on any metric, we are below the national average, whether it’s percent of median income, whether it’s average rates, we look at our average rates and they’re 20% below the top 20 metropolitan cities. When you look on the gas side, our gas bills are some of the lowest in the states we operate. So I think that, that’s where you can see our history of continued financial discipline. But that’s important that we look across all areas, whether it’s the corporate center, power utilities, and I think it shows up best in those metrics.
Calvin Butler: Good morning. This is Calvin. We’re always looking at ways to operate our business more efficiently and manage our costs because that’s our responsibility in delivering that value to our customers. And as we’ve talked about previously, affordability is a driving factor as we operate in all of our jurisdictions. And just remember, PECO is one of our highest – is our highest earning utility in the fleet and one of the highest earning across the country. And the constructive regulatory environment within Pennsylvanian is something that we’ve come to build on and have that relationship – collaborative relationship with the regulators. So as we continue to manage across our platform, we will always look at costs within the operating units as well as at the corporate center; so to answer your question directly, yes.
Calvin Butler: And Michael, what that jumps I’ll add to you is that in 2022, after the split, had a lot of talent go over to the other side to Constellation, and we continue to maintain our operational performance and metrics and continue to – at that time, it was one, keeping your O&M flat to below the rate of inflation and each of our operating companies continue to do that. And our corporate center stepped up because one of our commitments, and it continues to be one of our commitments when we announced the split that we would not let our corporate services ride as a result of that. And we were spending so much of that building over to the other side of the business. And we ended the year on the split to go back to our commissions and we met that regulatory compact. And that’s what I’m protest teams and the leadership and how they continue to dive in. And as I said earlier, costs will always remain a focus of ours and under Chris’ leadership, what you’ve seen is that Exelon has continued to raise the bar and meet that challenge. And I commit to you and we commit to you leadership team will continue to do that.
Calvin Butler: Yes. We have and we continue to look at that. We are consolidating our control centers across our fleet. We continue to look at how in this new hybrid work environment in some of our areas, what does that mean for office space. And as part of our real estate portfolio and supply chain, we continue to drive those costs out of our business. But as we’ve said, affordability is going to remain a focus, and we’re going to look at every opportunity we have to drive that. And I’ll turn it over to Chris.
