John W. Rowe: The -- Stacie and Ruth Ann are not gentlemen, but other than that, I'm going to defer it to Ken, who is a gentleman, to answer that.
John W. Rowe: I don't think we see any consistency coming out of these Texas prices, but on the other hand, as Ken said, the closer Texas gets to equilibrium, the more frequently we should see these periods of high prices.
John W. Rowe: Well, it's a -- it's add more dimension than that. I think the Public Utility Commission's RFP on capacity suggests that it has some interest in a large number of megawatts produced in the most economic way, whatever that is, and that means probably gas. The governor's office is clearly interested in more renewables and so the negotiation has to be designed to achieve an [indiscernible] optimum efficiency between a number of different perspectives. I do think you have your finger on it. I think an ultimate settlement requires more renewables.
John W. Rowe: Well, I think we did that largely, Steve, on an earlier question. The issue is, what does the state as an entity, really want as an adequate demonstration saw [ph] benefits to Maryland? And we put in a package to start with, match to scale, the first energy allocation package. We knew it would be a little different when you're talking about buying the State's largest utility. And the real issue is trying to guess what the commission wants because you can't talk directly to the Commissioner and to work with the Governor in the governor's office as to what they want and as an earlier question explored, the governor's office appears most interested in more renewables. The commissioners may have some interest in accelerating the timing when additional gas capacity comes online. I think those are the nub issues. We hope we have largely made the city happy with the offer to build a new office building in the city, but this is a multiparty negotiation and it can all change a little before it's done.
John W. Rowe: Well, the problem with a merger is you're at a point when you're need to negotiate is at the highest, that's what the prices you pay for the benefits you get. I don't think anyone thinks the whole issue of how much new generation comes on in the East when we solve in the merger proceeding, but there is a public benefits test here and we're going to see what's more important to people directionally. As you know that -- and you know this as well as I do, this issue isn't confined to Maryland, we went through it in one way in New Jersey and at FERC, it comes up in Illinois on the proposed Tenaska plant. Everybody likes markets except when they want something else.
John W. Rowe: I think we're going to try to make people prove that reliability point. There's a lot of talk about reliability problems that simply don't exist and we're constantly pushing that they announce their shutdown plans and then let FERC and PJM investigate whether there are any reliability issues. We think they will, in fact, be very few and we're being very pugnacious about saying, "If you're going to claim a reliability problem, prove it." EPA has some discretion. We would certainly urge EPA to use its discretion where there are real reliability problems but not phony ones. And from an Exelon economic point of view, it doesn't trouble us much if people get a little more time where they're actually putting on a new scrubber or some other major rehab. But we're adamant that nobody should get more time for a plant they're gonna shut down anyway.
John W. Rowe: I'm sorry, I can't answer that but I think the short answer is we think a lot of that effect is already in the market but Ken, go ahead.
John W. Rowe: Well, we believe that with what's happened in power markets, what's happening in more regulated jurisdictions, the opportunities for retail marketing are consistently increasing. Most large customers have switched where they can, that's true in both Illinois and Pennsylvania and in other competitive markets, but we're seeing more switching by small commercial customers, the beginnings of serious switching by residential customers, with more in Pennsylvania than in Illinois but the trend is the same and more efforts by municipalities to aggregate and this is one of the reasons why we value the Constellation purchase, because they're further along in developing both the marketing groups and people and the backup IT platform than we are. With that, I'll turn it over to Ken.
John W. Rowe: Well, first, thank you, everybody. Second, if Chris Crane and Bill Von Hoene and Darryl Bradford, Calvin Butler are really successful, by the time we get to our next earnings call, we might have closed Constellation and that if that's the case, it would be a very good thing indeed, but if that's the case, this will be the last time you'll hear from me on one of these and so I just want to make some points very crisply about what's going on here. Again and again, over the last several years, we have beaten estimates, we have proven that the machine works across the board as different parts of the company, find the extra at different times. And yes, it's coincidental just which one performs when, with the extra value. But what's not coincidental is we've got a whole lot of hounds hunting and they do it really well and they're not here because they're pretty, they're here because they produce results. And that's true in our nuclear operation, it's true in the 2 delivery companies, it's true with our rate-making people, it's true with Tom Terry's work on taxes, it's true with Joe Dominguez's remarkable work in Ohio with Duke and AEP. I mean, things are working here and Chris Crane will be as absolutely dedicated to value as I am, and this management team will be as dedicated to value without me as it has been with me. And you know and we know because your forecast for the next couple of years aren't much different than ours, that the next couple of years are going to be tougher on an earnings basis. And you know and we know, that there's nobody else with the same upside that we have down the road. And it really is fortunate in my view that we're starting to see glimmers of that upside in power markets already. Energy just isn't going to be free in those markets indefinitely. So I really just want to end this by saying, you have one hell of a team working for you here and they will continue to deliver. Thank you very much.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Hey, Greg, clearly as you can see in our hedge disclosure, the increase in heat rates in Texas has added value in our open gross margin. In addition and that obviously we picked up the Wolf Hollow, the second half of the Wolf Hollow plant, which we had the first half PPA, and we have a solar facility there picking up some generations. So about half of its increase -- half of the increased generation in our hedge disclosure represents increased dispatch on our plans and half are the new acquisitions in Texas. In the kind of market that is set up for this kind of volatility if you have supply/demand equilibrium driven by either longer-term supply/demand fundamentals or in some part, in this case extreme weather, extreme drought that caused the conditions that we saw in August and somewhat through September. So the heat rates picked up to a point where they represent more value, option value, for peaking assets. I think this is something that can continue obviously driven many of the fundamental long-term drivers which we discussed, as well as weather, but this is an indication that, as you get closer to equilibrium, you will see more power volatility and see higher value for the kinds of assets that we have in Texas. From a retail business perspective, we like the retail business. The retail business is the most effective way for us to find hedges for our portfolio that's designed to serve retail load. We have that, in large part, in the Mid-Atlantic, we have it in Texas with our Mid-American peaking assets, so this in no way changes our perspective on what the value of a retail business and load following in a portfolio can do for you. We just don't like to sell it when it's not valued fairly in the market, and we'll sell it appropriately when it is valued fairly in the market.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Just a couple of comments, Jay, to add to that. We do have, when you combine the fleet, a substantial amount of geek load coverage capability in Texas, so from a peak perspective, I don't think we have the situation you're describing. Maybe more from an expected generation situation, is what you're describing, and we've served loads for many, many years. We've served a 23,000-megawatt peak in ComEd, we served almost a 9,000-megawatt peak in PECO for many years with Generation, with certain baseload generation more in the Midwest than having to add a peak into it with a well-rounded portfolio in the East. And we know how to do it, we understand and know how to create a portfolio that will fit our needs in Texas and quite frankly, I think it'll be pretty easy for us to do that once we bring the portfolios together. But I have to say, we haven't brought the portfolios together and we'll be taking a deeper dive when we do.
Kenneth W. Cornew: John, we are aware that the outage was in the middle of the summer. Did happen and it was in July and in part of August, we are aware of our situation operationally staying very close with Sonny Garg and his organization. We decide to expand the length of our portfolio in August to keep our position where we wanted it to be. We got the plant back sometime in August. We got another half of Wolf Hollow sometime in August. Those things went in our favor. If the plant was running full time and market prices stayed the same, we would've made more money. But when more plants come online, you know that impacted prices well, so it's hard to recreate how that will occur but we're very happy with our result. It was executed flawlessly by Wolf Coon [ph] and our sales trading team and the results show it.
Kenneth W. Cornew: Jonathan, my guess is, it's more of the hedging activity that's happened since the quarter's turn. When, I guess, the September 30 prices as you see in our hedge disclosure, reflect higher heat rates than we've seen, a little bit higher than we've seen in the last 20 days, although heat rates have held up really well, anytime you get cycles of hedging activity, you'll see some movement in power price one way or another and I think that some of it I would've told you based on September 30 prices a larger amount of our forward upside from the environmental regulation was in those NiHub and West Hub price and in the last 20 days or so, it's shown me that there still is more upside, particularly in the NiHub levels, so I think heat rates have moved up substantially to reflect the reality in spot prices and the reality of price impact from environmental rules and you will see that cycle a bit as gas price or power price moves with short-term market activity.
Kenneth W. Cornew: We have just [indiscernible] in our modeling scene about a $1 or $2 uplift in prices from the cross-state rule. We think that is largely in the market, both NiHub and West Hub, the $2 is more of a NiHub number and the $1 is more of a West Hub number.
Kenneth W. Cornew: And we think assistance in our marketing to commercial and industrial customers in Illinois and that business remains a solid viable business. We focused our attention on industrial and commercial customers in Pennsylvania and have spent most of our time developing those systems and people and capability to market to that segment. We continue to push and move into the Ohio area in the industrial and commercial segment and as John indicated, once we bring together the Constellation retail element, we will be in the residential market. We have no activity in that market right now.
Doug J. Brown: We view that as a dynamic allocation that we constantly re-evaluate, so we're very happy where it is right now but if rates were to go lower we could lighten up on the hedge. We're firmly committed to that strategy, we'll always have a hedge but we constantly evaluate, so it could move in the future.
Doug J. Brown: Yes, John, I would agree with that. And I think as rates will eventually go up and the funded status will improve, we will actually continue to increase the hedge level and the matching portfolio strategy.
Doug J. Brown: It will be the same thing. We roughly have about 40% of the assets in what we call the liability hedge portfolio. It's a physical bond portfolio of treasury at high-quality corporates that match the interest rate characteristics of the liability.
Doug J. Brown: Yes, much higher. We essentially didn't have very much of a hedge at all previously and we moved to a rather high level right at the moment.
