Christopher Crane: Thanks, Joe. The pandemic has brought unexpected challenges to our business in 2020. We have found ways to offset much of the financial impact of this unique challenge, but we're not done. We'll continue to look for ways. We can increase profitability and cash flow through the next three quarters. The impact on the COVID-19 does not change the fact that Exelon's fundamental business is strong and our strategy remains strong. Our utility rate base is growing over 7% annually for the next four years. In that time, we will add more than $13 billion in rate base, nearly equivalent to adding a utility the size of ComEd. Our utility operations are best-in-class first quartile – first quarter performance in reliability and customer satisfaction are continuing the solid performance for the rest of the year. Constellation is a premier integrator in their competitive platform. It's the most effective way to bring our generation to market while providing customizable solutions to fit the needs of customers. Our generation fleet is the cleanest in the nation. We are delivering one out of every nine megawatts of Clean Energy in a significant portion of the nation's Clean Energy. We continue to advocate for policies that will compensate our nuclear fleet for the essential role it plays in reducing carbon and air pollution and ensure their continued operations. If you look at our value proposition on Slide 18, I'll close with this. The value proposition is unchanged. We're focused on a growth of our utilities, targeting 7.3 rate base growth and a 6% to 8% EPS growth through 2023. We're confident in our rate base growth and the continued needs for these investments for the customers that we serve. But we're also mindful of the impact that the current 30-year treasury rate has on ComEd's distribution ROE and the impact on EPS in growth rates, if that rate was to stay this low. We will use the free cash flow from ExGen to support utility growth, paydown ExGen debt and support the external dividend. We will continue to optimize the value of our Genco business by seeking fair compensation for our zero-emitting generation fleet, closing uneconomic plants, monetizing assets and maximizing their value through Constellation. We will sustain a strong investment grade credit rating metrics throughout this period. Operator, we can now open it up for questions. Thank you.
Christopher Crane: Yes. It's tough to speculate with everything going on with the COVID, what the outcome of this legislative session or being able to go into an extended session. What we've stressed to all the stakeholders is PJM is committed to run the auctions, and their stated time was towards the end of the year and that could be extended. We haven't gotten any public statement that it was extended that I know of. So we're up against a clock. And once those auctions are run, we're highly confident that minimal or any of our clean megawatts will compare in that capacity auction, they’ll be replaced by fossil units, which is detrimental to the states goal of being 100% clean by 2030. So the clock is ticking. And I wouldn't speculate on timing of decisions right now. But we're just stressing the importance to the administration and the key legislative stakeholders and others about not only the importance for the nuclear megawatts, but the importance for the renewable megawatts. So they have been invested in the state of Illinois to continue to be able to operate with a profitability that's reasonable. So that's where we're at right now. We're continuing the dialogue. Kathleen, Bill Von Hoene are leading the conversations through the state legislators and the stakeholders, and we'll continue to push on that.
Christopher Crane: Yes. We have continued to work our five-year plan. I think we report out in some places a four-year plan, another is a five-year plan, but we're continuing on our long range plan and it has helped us significantly in customer satisfaction and reliability and it's also allowed us to maintain a cash flow and profitability while doing so, in the last three rate cases, we actually gave a rate reduction. So as you can imagine, as you would expect, we look at multiple scenarios. And if the economy continues to degrade, impact on customers, whatever it could be is out in the future. The plans can be adjusted. But at this time, we don't plan on adjusting. We plan on continuing to do the much needed reliability and efficiency modifications and prepare the system for the onset of much more distributed and renewable energy coming on. It won't be able to happen if we don't make the investments and facilitate it. If we see a day that we're not getting that return or don't see a path to go back. I mean, we haven't seen that day and we haven't seen that in the near future. So we're continuing on with the investment and watching the treasuries and watching the recovery mechanisms.
Christopher Crane: At this point, it would be very short. It would be very shortsighted for us to start, stop, start, stop depending on an interest rate. The most efficient way is to get the long-term investments prudently done and support the customer's needs.
Christopher Crane: We're still working. We still have significant support on what we have to do. Where it gets done, we would hope that it would get done before the end of the session. That's what we've stressed to give the IPA time to be able to develop their own auction process, that will allow us to breakaway on capacity needs for the state of Illinois from PJM. As I said earlier, it's a very tight timeframe. If they were able to come in, in a summer session and we had assurances, they were going to address this in a summer session under the requirements by the Illinois Health, we would continue to work with them on that. But there's a lot of things that have to get done in Springfield, but they also realize that this is a very important issue to address and along with the state budget in some other large issues. So we know there's a will to get to work. It's just the way to get to work and how fast we can get this done.
Christopher Crane: Yes. No, thank you all for joining the call. I want to thank our employees for their commitment and dedication in these unprecedented times. And I hope that all of you and your families are safe and healthy. And with that, I will close out the call. Thank you very much.
Joseph Nigro: We're not changing the target of the 6% to 8%. As Chris said, we're moving forward with the investment that we plan to make. We update that target once a year. We also show you sensitivity related to the ComEd ROEs. Obviously they've dropped some since the first of the year has an impact. We also give you earnings bands that we gave you out through 2023 and we're still well within the bands that we gave you and we'll continue to look for ways to challenge ourselves in this regard.
Joseph Nigro: Steve, I think we've got a track record of proving that we continue to challenge ourselves on our cost structure. I mean, we're reducing our costs by $250 million this year with actions we've taken and we're going to continue to challenge ourselves in the future in that regard. We've been clear that we have some on economic power plants and we're working hard to rectify that. We would have to address that. Those would be two big levers that we would have to address.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. I would say right now most of the $250 million we're viewing as a one-time item. And some of it's being driven by the situation when you think about with things like reducing contractor spend, reducing non-critical IT spend, when you look at reductions in travel spending, consulting spend, holding vacancy rates in our organization, all of those things are contributing to the reduction in O&M. I will say though, when we go through our planning process, which begins here late in the second quarter and through the end of the year, we've had a track record of continuing to challenge ourselves and find ways to reduce costs. And given the environment we're in and some of the things, quite frankly, we've learned we maybe able to carryover some of these cost savings as we look at future periods. We just haven't made a determination on that yet.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. The $100 million non-powered new business to go is attributed partially to execution and partially, as I said in my prepared remarks in Q1. We had impact both on powered and non-powered related to weather and we took a reduction for the balance of the year. That's all embedded in a total $300 million that you see in the gross margin change in the hedge disclosure.
Joseph Nigro: What's embedded in that non-powered to go, the bulk of it is our – big piece of it is our gas business. And since that's so seasonal and related to the winter, you see the impact there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you. I wanted to follow-up, perhaps clean up a little bit on some of the questions thus far. First, with respect to the earnings CAGR and how you're thinking about that. But for the oscillation in the 30-year treasury, anything else shifting in your outlook? Obviously, the slide is slightly different here, so I just want to make sure we're not missing anything, coming back to Steve's question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Thanks. Glad we've set that one aside. Separately, if I can keep here on the Constellation business and ExGen overall, when you think about the sensitivities to further – you saw a faster or slower improvement here. Can you give us a little bit of a sense, and I mean that more in the context of C&I sales degradation improvement as well as some of the portfolio optimization of volatility dynamics here as well. And how that could play out in 2020 as well as what are you reflecting in 2021, just to be extra clear about that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Excellent. If I can just clarify your prior response very briefly. With respect to what the date as of for the 30-year treasury that you are assuming in that EPS CAGR, I just want to be extra clear. Again, I don't know if you have a specific date or curve that you're using, you want to establish that.
