Joseph Dominguez: Thanks, Jack, and good morning, everyone. I'll cover Slides 21 and 22 of the materials. Since our last earnings call, we continue to see positive momentum for policy changes that at State, FERC and RTO levels. The value to 0 emission numbers will increase resources that benefit our customers and the environment levels. As Chris said on the call, we remain focused on three areas, first, ensuring that resilient resources are compensated fairly. Second addressing the price formation flaws that PJM has identified and spotted; and third, preserving and expanding state policy initiatives like the ZEC programs and include nuclear energy within the umbrella state-sponsored in the energy programs. I'll walk through each of these. On resilience, FERC issued its order on January 8 in response to the DOE number. Consistent with Exelon's recognitions, the order initiated a new resilience proceedings, and directed the RTOs to immediately examine grid resiliency and provide a report within 60 days. FERC noted that the report should include any recommended changes toward the [indiscernible]. In our filings at FERC, we urged the commission and the RTOs to be resilient as the broader scope of issues than with traditional reliability concerns that's centered around electric generation and transmission and unit performance and whatever does, in particular, as we've talked about in earlier calls, we urge FERC to consider the risk on a cash dating loss of the elect system caused by natural gas infrastructure failure. We expect that the resilience proceedings and tracking solutions will take some time, as Chris indicated earlier. The FERC's order clearly gives PJM the opportunity to address near-term solutions, including medium price formation reforms. PJM had said it can implement those reforms within the course of this calendar year. Based upon PJM's comments, including [indiscernible] the testimony before the Energy Committee of the U.S. Senate a week ago, we expect that PJM will continue to make a strong push for price formation reforms in its court filings. In terms of next steps, we continue to see two alternative pathways that are going to be more simultaneously. One, achieving a FERC-directed PJM filing as a by-product of the resilience docket; and two, a stakeholder process at PJM, followed by a 206 filing successful through its existing enhanced liaison committee process. PJM already has the price formation stakeholder process underway, and it is scheduled to conclude that process in the third quarter. In the meantime, PJM is pursuing more limited changes to price formation in the [indiscernible] docket for filings that are due next week. In summary, the commission's focus on resilience and the chairman's call for urgent action, coupled with PJM's commitment to address market for us, continues to give us confidence that reforms will be implemented in 2018. With that said, there's a lot of work ahead of us as PJM continues to engage with stakeholders and refine its proposal. Turning to the next slide in our outgoing efforts concerning state policies that value 0 emission nuclear resources, Jack already noted that we reached an important milestone last month in Illinois, with the completion of the state procurement process in New York ZEC and Quad Cities and Clinton. Now both the Illinois and New York programs are fully up and running. We remain confident that we'll successfully defend these legitimate state programs in Federal appeals courts and state courts because they preserve for our customers the lowest cost at most reliable 0 emission resources in the market. The New York and Illinois policy precedent that we established has been filed now with [indiscernible] and is under consideration in New Jersey and I'll talk about New Jersey in closing. As many of you know, the bill had made it through 2 committees in the New Jersey Legislature in late 2017. Votes were unanimous in support of the nuclear provisions. However, because then governor-elect Murphy had indicated a desire for more comprehensive package, a floor vote was not held. Since December, we've continued to work with our partners at PSEG and all stakeholders on new legislation. I can report that we are making big progress and I hope for legislative action in early 2018. And with that, let me turn it back over to Chris.
Joseph Dominguez: Yes. Let me answer the second question first. And just simply say yes. I think they may have to open in different proceeding, but obviously, they could issue a 206 order at any point in time. And we believe that they have sufficient record already to do so. Very clearly, PJM is going to supplement that record here in March, and I expect that other parties in their response, 30 days later, will do the same. Greg, it's my expectation that PJM is going to continue to their urge for us to do exactly that, to give it some direction to come in and resolve the price formation issues that it's identified. But at the same time, they have this alternative pathway that they're going to walk down in parallel with when they conclude the stakeholder process. And my expectation is that as the order of the tariffs that PJM continues to believe that they have significant price formation flaws. And they've said that repeatedly in many forums, then the next step for them is to bring it to FERC and utilize the enhanced Liaison Committee process if the stakeholder process doesn't work.
Joseph Dominguez: It's Joe Dominguez, if I can just chime in. That sequel has moved around over the last few auctions. So we're going 1.7 gigawatts the other way now. A year ago, we had two options to go, 1 gigawatt of that was already in the transmission limit. So we've seen the zone separately toward work with these higher [indiscernible] numbers.
Joseph Dominguez: Steven, its Joe. I'll talk a bit briefly about that. You see the metrics on our business on Slide 7 and Jack talk to those in his comments -- prepared comments. And we still have the best and the largest customer-facing business in the industry and as recently is late December, and early January, our generation to load strategy continues to serve us well. The market remains competitive. It's still too early to see if what if any impact, the current cold snap or the previous cold snap had on competitive behavior. As we've said all along, we're going to remain disciplined to what we think is fair pricing and not just chase volume. What we have seen now from competitors, which is kind of interesting, is two things. One is, we've seen one of our large competitors back away in certain regions from selling a full pitched price for requirements products to the customers. And we will continue to do that as we have historically, and one that obviously all the commitments we have. In addition to that, we've seen some of our competitors try to pass through cost that we've honored through our contractual arrangements with our customers costs that we will bear. So I won't say we've seen the competitive aspect if the market change. And as I said, we'll remain disciplined, but we have seen some things from competitors that we haven't seen in the recent past, which may or may not lead to different outcomes in future.
Joseph Dominguez: It's Joe Dominguez. Let me address the last one. I think all of the 5 FERC commissioners were asked during -- or excuse me, the 4 new commissioners were asked during confirmation hearings what their view is concerning the state programs. They've all indicated that they did not see the situation as something where FERC needed to really put a hold to these programs or claim preemption but rather that they could use tools like mitigation to address any impacts in the market. So we would expect that if the matter does go over to FERC consistent with the new testimony before the U.S. Senate, the commissioners would indicate that they could mitigate the market through their existing tools of that they would not be in favor of preemption. And quite obviously, plaintiffs in Illinois feel the same way and they've urged the court not to send it to FERC for that reason. In terms of your reading the argument, I think you're exactly right. [Indiscernible] brought in this question of primary jurisdiction which is a discretionary tool that allows the court has its discretion to send the matter to FERC. At this point, both parties agree to that.
Joseph Dominguez: As I said in earlier, PJM has made no announcement in that regard. The point I'm trying to make here is that PJM and a lot of different audiences has now come forward and said we have major flaw in price formation. And the PJM work historically, where it has significant issues in its market design faster performance being the most recent example. As we use the enhanced liaison committee process mechanism to get matters to FERC where stakeholders can agree on supporting a particular proposal. Given the gravity of this issue on the significance of it, and its connection to the resilience issues that FERC is already looking at, it would be our expectation that PJM would follow its strong words to the U.S. Senate, to FERC and others, and proceed to making a filing at the conclusion of the stakeholder process. That's the point I'm making.
Christopher Crane: Thanks, Joe. Turning to the Slide 23. We have an updated -- we have updated some of the numbers behind our value proposition, which highlights our strategy and commitment to our shareholders. We will continue to focus on growing our utilities targeting 7.4% rate base growth and 6% to 8% EPS growth through 2021. Rolling forward, another year at above group trajectory. We continue to use our free cash flow from ExGen to fund these incremental equity needs at the utilities, pay down debt over the next 4 years at ExGen and the holding company, and one part of a faster dividend growth rate. We will continue to focus on optimizing value for our ExGen business by seeking fair compensation for our carbon-free Generation fleet in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, as we have done with the ZECs in New York and Illinois. We will continue to pursue adoption of price formation of PJM in resiliency initiatives at FERC; closing uneconomic plants, including GMI in 2019 and now an early retirement of Oyster Creek in 2018; selling assets where it make sense to accelerate our debt-reduction plans and maximizing value through our GEN to load matching strategy at Constellation. We continue to sustain strong investment-grade credit metrics, and now growing our dividend consistently at 5% through 2020. However, turning to Slide 24, I want to leave you with some key focus areas for 2018. We will continue to deliver operational excellence across all our businesses, focusing on modernizing the grid and improving our customer experience at the utilities, running our Generation fleet safely and reliably and same discipline in our retail business to capture fair margins. At utilities, we plan to invest $5.4 billion of capital to benefit our customers. We will file a total of 5 distribution rate cases with the goal of achieving our targeted 9% to 10% ROE across the utility families in 2019. In Generation, we will work to establish the PJM price formation changes in 2018, we will start working on a broader resiliency initiative at FERC, which will take more time. We'll continue to defend the Illinois and New York ZECs in courts and we'll work with our stakeholders to establish fair payment for the environmental attributes in our nuclear plants in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Financially, we will being to grow the dividend as discussed at 5% annually, continue to execute on our previously announced cost-management initiatives, and finally, we will continue with our corporate responsibility initiatives including the focus on gender parity issues through participation as the only energy company in the UN HeForShe campaign building on last year's expansion of pay leave policies and our signing of the Presidents Equal Pay Pledge. The strategy underpinning the value proposition we rolled out a couple of years ago is proving very robust. We are well positioned to capture additional upside and feel confident about the prospects for Exelon in 2018 and beyond. With the many successes we've had in recent years and the relative stock outperformance, we still believe our stock is undervalued in absolute terms and in particular, compared with our peers. We remain committed to optimize the value of our business and earning your ongoing support of for Exelon. Operator, we can now open it up to questions.
Christopher Crane: Those assets, as we've discussed in the past, are highly efficient and they're very good match for our load book in Texas. The capabilities, that we have, that heat rates on the ramping, they are very practical. Their capacity factors have been some of the highest for the CCGTs in Texas. So we'll continue to operate in this part of the fleet and be able to reap the benefits of their efficiency as we manage that book in Texas. As always, we look at all of our assets on an annual basis, but the previous review of those assets said they're more valuable in the fleet than not.
Christopher Crane: The Oyster Creek decision was simply a site-specific. The market has tightened over the years in that location. But running at another year with losses in the investments that we would had to have made, was not financially prudent. Knowing that the reliability in the system can be sustained in that area without that asset, we're comfortable in, most importantly, we have an employee transition program that we're implementing that allows us, for those that are not at retirement and wish to retire, ability to grow into the rest of our vast fleet and continue to pursue their career. So employee-wise, right thing to do. Moving forward, allowing people to make the transition. And economic-wise, no sense in continuing for losses for another year. So it was an easy decision. The other assets have been openly discussed, as the challenges happen in that part of the market. And that's why we're pursuing and supporting our co-owner on that legislative agenda.
Christopher Crane: So again this is, as Greg said earlier, ultimately PJM's discretion when to pull the trigger on that. But right now, it's said to conclude its stakeholder process in Q3. At that point, PJM will have all the input from stakeholders. And as usual, we want to refine its proposals along the way. And at that point, in our view, we'll be in a position to make a filing with FERC.
Christopher Crane: That's FERC's call. This is a 206 proceeding so there's no mandatory clock like we see in the 205 proceedings.
Christopher Crane: As I've talked about this for a couple of years, our patience is probably not at a high point. But we understand it's our responsibility to deliver on these results and improve the [indiscernible]. We took on 5.5 years ago the road to greater regulated revenues coming in, greater certainty around balance sheet, total optimization of the gen-to-load match at Constellation, while running a world-class operations and efficient from a cost-standpoint operations. And today's call, reflects that. But let me go a little bit further, and take a minute to give you more details on why we see our stock undervalued. Simplistically, with the $3.05 midpoint for our 2018 EPS, the stock trades at around 12% PE versus our cheapest comp at peg, which is 15% and the regulated utility complex around 16%. Even on a consensus for 2019 and 2020, we trade around 12% to 13% versus peg, roughly around 15%, and the utilities, roughly around 15% to 16%. With our dividend growth at a competitive 5% rate, a 3.7% dividend yield is similar to much of the others in the group. And our utility operations accounting for 70% of the 2020 EPS, if you're using midpoint of our utility guidance range and consolidated Exelon estimates from the Street. We look more similar to the business model to our peers than the 2% to 4% PE multiple discount that's -- that we see or suggested. If you think about our valuation, looking at the business is more specifically, our regulated utilities less holding company expense implies a fair market value of $31 to $32 per share using a consensus PE in 2019 and 2020. When I think about our utilities growth base, at 7%, our EPS growth at 6% to 8%, which we expect to continue, and we have, through this conversation, next year from lower risk T&D utilities having the mechanisms covering 70% of our rate base additions that and 70% of our load decoupled, so we have less volumetric risk, but collective -- our collective earnings of 9.5% ROE, with strong credit metrics exceeding agency requirements. And doing all this without meeting outside equity to fund any of this growth. I think they should be treated as a premium utilities for the valuation, but the $31 to $32 is based off a peer valuation, which leaves us with an implied value of ExGen of approximately $4 per share, which we believe is entirely too low. The implied multiples for the business at around 6x PE and 5x EBIT and EBITDA, respectively, using our disclosure in the Street estimates, looking at the IPP is trading at 7 to 8x EBITDA today, we try to bridge the valuation disconnects, especially when you consider our leverages well below our 3x net to EBITDA target at 2.5x and it's really running at about 2x on recourse debt. Our FFO debt is going to stay north of 40% -- FFO to debt ratio is going to stay north of 40% due to planning horizon as ZEC programs in New York and Illinois have preserved most of our at-risk nuclear plants in our Constellation business provides a gen-to-load match advantage and our discipline around bidding margins is proving wise again as we are starting to hear others taking on pay in the recent months. Our free cash flow Generation from this business is $7.6 billion over the next 4 years, which represents more than half of the implied enterprise value at ExGen where the assets with operational visibility well into the 2030s. We believe we have done a lot of -- in this in the past years to create value for the shareholders, where the stock is outperformed. We do not see the share price reflecting anywhere near the value we see. We are focused on executing this long-term commitments in our value proposition and near term, our 2018 business priorities, which we believe will deliver substantial value to our investors. So yes, I feel strongly about the stock being achievable.
Christopher Crane: Jonathan, that doesn't even build in the fact that where there is price formation in New Jersey, the facts, in fact there are lot of incremental catalysts even beyond the robust story that Chris just described in the valuation where we currently see. So this is the strongest, long-range plan that we've had since coming together as Constellation and Exelon. And we're excited about the outlook, the market is just not paying for it right now.
Christopher Crane: Well, again I want to thank you all for participating today. I want to thank the team here and the employees of Exelon for really delivering on a strategy that's taken a few years to get here, but we are operating in all cylinders and appreciate the dedication. So with that, I'll close it out and thank you.
Jonathan Thayer: That's correct. So there's a full breakout of O&M expenses that we detailed in the appendix. You'll see the impact both in '18 as well as '19 and beyond from Oyster as well as TMI.
Jonathan Thayer: I apologize I'm turning those slides. So in terms of the holding company maturities, you should expect us to tilt more heavily towards holding company in '20 and '21. You will also see us pull -- retire some 365-day paper we have in '18 that retires in '19 and then you'll see us work down the ExGen maturities as we get up the curve as well.
Jonathan Thayer: Steve, so if you look at Slide 54, we provide the additional ExGen modeling data. And as we look at the ExGen's EPS profile out the curve, to your point, the lower depreciation, the lower operating O&M all leads to these retirements being accretive. So we should see strong and better than last quarter performance anticipated from ExGen as we look out the ERP.
Jonathan Thayer: So Michael, as you see the gross margin expectations for -- and EBITDA expectations for the ExGen business go down, that 2x nonrecourse or 2x recourse debt-to-EBITDA, 2.5x gross debt-to-EBITDA number will move up. We will be paying down debt as maturities come, but we'll also be shifting our focus to the holding company that using the flexibility we have around strong balance sheet of ExGen to target retirements of other portion of our good amount of holding company bonds as they mature.
Jonathan Thayer: I think differentiation from our IPP peers, we have, I believe, the strongest balance sheet in the integrated space. That takes the risk of that overhang that we've seen, come pop up from time-to-time among semesters off the table that positions us to maintain a strong investment-grade rating from all the agencies. It's an important competitive advantage in the Constellation business. And as we clarified, the longevity of these nuclear assets, we believe, over time, that while we trade currently at 5x EBITDA from valuation standpoint, we are making the case that we should trade in line with our IPP peers, which should be 7x to 8x. So and the market is not recognizing that now, but certainly it's all part of our strategy to accomplish that.
