Chris Crane: I'll let Kathleen Barron speak to it. We think there's a lot of positives that can be put in play here. I don't think we're looking for any handouts. We'd rather make the investments ourselves. And between Kathleen and Calvin Butler, we'll -- they'll ham and egg it.
Chris Crane: We can't run a system on the distribution side any longer at a 4,160-voltage level, we have to get up to 138, and that's going to take a significant investment to do that. And that's to support the distributed Generation. So there's a lot more work to be done.
Chris Crane: Well, Kathleen is earning her paycheck to ensure that it gets done. So I'll let her answer the question.
Chris Crane: I think we're very well hedged through this period and it's not like we haven't seen it before, but I'll let Bryan Hanson, our head of the Generating Company -- Operations of the Generating Company, answer that.
Chris Crane: Yeah. I don't think we're ready to give a full business model on it right now. I think we've got a good partnership with the DOE. Exelon, like other utility companies, sees a great use for hydrogen if it's mixing it with natural gas to cut down the carbon loads or other ways. There's -- our strategy organization is still looking at the transportation methodology and they're doing some metallurgical research with other labs to make sure that we -- if we were replacing natural gas pipelines with hydrogen pipelines, that the embrittlement problem doesn't become severe. So what we need to do first, is predict or perfect an efficient technology, using our heat and steam to develop the Hydrogen.  Then from there, continue to work with other stakeholders on, where we put the Hydrogen. Does it go in a mixed form with natural gas at first? Does it become, what was thought about ten years ago, the hydrogen economy? I don't think we're there yet. I think there is a lot of work to be done before we get there, but just having the grants and working with the labs and the government to start using a nuclear plant for something more than electricity because you've got all that waste, heat, and steam that can be redirected into the development of very efficient hydrogen, and then continue to move on from there.
Chris Crane: Thank you for joining the call today. As you know, we're working hard to run the business at best-in-class levels and taking steps to step up to item strong in?2? companies, strong independent companies. And we look forward to seeing you at EEI, I think next week. It's coming quick. And with that, we'll close the call out and tell everybody to be safe.
Bryan Hanson: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, Julien. We think today's market fundamentals are much improved from the last uranium bull market that we saw 2008-2010 period. Demand is lower, primary mining supply has increased and utility inventories are higher. We at Exelon, we hedge with a diverse portfolio of fuel contracts that include varying pricing mechanisms, or varying horizons with a diverse group of qualified and reliable suppliers. And we maintain a strategic inventory, both to ensure security of supply for our reactors, and to provide flexibility and purchase timing in the event of a market disruption like we're seeing today.  We even maintain or keep our uranium inventory in different material states, such as yellow cake gore uranium hexafluoride gas. So we think we're well hedged and well ready for this current bull market. We're looking in the forward part of the LRP for any opportunities and they're all well within our expectations that we see today.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah, on the nuclear side where a lot of the offsets came from, in our capital allocation, our capital maintenance, many of those items were big, major transformer improvements, changes, change-outs. We've just simply moved those on a year or 2. We bundled them the way we did because it streamlined our efficiencies and use of craft resources. We're able to skip a year or 2 on those, no challenges to reliability from that standpoint. And a number of the other modifications included just a material condition. Improvements were always kept in the plan, but some of the digital upgrades that we had planned for those years, we've moved those out of a couple of years and reassessing the economic viability of some of those improvements.
Bryan Hanson: Yeah, in the Texas assets, we have done all the work that's required that address the known issues and the acute issues from Winter Storm Uri. We're finishing up at Colorado Ben, which is done. Our plant by Houston will follow -- we finished that work-up a couple of weeks ago, as well as a number of enhancements we made just to protect ourselves against a sustained cold weather event again in Texas. Temporary improvements that we've made looking for, again, what's the long-term market signals for those plants.
