Christopher Crane: Thanks, Joe. Finally, turning to Slide 15. I want to close as we do each one of these calls, with our value proposition. We are focused on growing our utilities, and now we are targeting a 7.3% rate base growth with a 6% to 8% EPS growth through 2023. We will use the free cash flow from the Genco to support the utility growth, pay down Genco debt and support the external dividend. We continue to optimize the value of Exelon Generation business by seeking fair compensation for our 0-emitting generation. And I have to say that many editorials and others call what we are asking for as a bailout. It is not a bailout. The nuclear fleet is only zero emitting fleet that does not get compensation towards value. So this is not a bailout. It is leveling the playing field. It comes across nice and political venues or editorial venues, but the last thing it is, is a bailout, it is leveling the competitive field. We will continue closing uneconomic plants, like we announced the retirement of Dresden, Byron and Mystic, monetizing these assets and maximizing the value through Constellation, retail and wholesale. We will continue to sustain investment-grade credit metrics and maintain a strong balance sheet and have grown our dividend annually at 5% through 2020. Before turning to Q&A, I want to comment on some recent news reports that Exelon is considering separating the Exelon Generation from the Utilities. As discussed recently on our last earnings call, we regularly evaluate whether our corporate structure best serves the interest of our communities, customers and our employees and also our investors. We would consider modifying that structure when we can create value and recognize those interests. The nature of our business and the landscape that it is in has been evolving over the years. In addition, you have seen a number of competitive integrated companies in our sector that have shrunk considerably. Given those circumstances, a review of our corporate structure is underway, started earlier this year, and we have the help of outside advisers. As we continue this review, we focus on creating value, taking into account, as I have mentioned, all of our stakeholders: the investors, the employees, the customers and the communities we serve. So I want to emphasize that the separation of the companies would involve addressing some complex operational, financial and regulatory issues. No decision has been made, but we continue to do the work to determine the best outcome for our stakeholders, and we will provide you an update on our progress on the next earnings call. So with that, operator, we can now open it up to questions.
Christopher Crane: Yes. I would wouldn’t say we are at the early stages. I would say that we are in an in-depth review of the evaluation. And some of the things we look at are the cost of capital, things like that, the degradation of the Constellation business with collateral costs. There is many aspects to it that are under review right now. But what we want to make sure is that we have two healthy companies, a utility business - if we and the Board determine this is the right thing to do, two healthy businesses that can stand on their own and provide the support needed for the balance sheets, the customers, the employees, the shareholders as we go forward. So a lot to be taken in there. But I don’t think we have pinpointed a risk profile yet that - well, I can say we haven’t pinpointed a risk profile yet that I have agreed with and the Board has agreed with.
Christopher Crane: Yes. It is a free cash flow machine. And how do we optimize that to be the best that it can and produce the most on valuation side and shareholder return side. So that is kind of the focus.
Christopher Crane: You have looked at our disclosures. We have outlined the plants that are sliding into that space. A lot depends on what we do with the capacity market or the FRR and how we treat the plants is comparable with other zero carbon-emitting plants, which they are not being treated equally right now. So the time frame, we have to watch the auction, we have to watch the legislation. If we don’t get a capacity redesign and the auctions run, you could anticipate there would be some issues coming up in the future.
Christopher Crane: Yes. I mean you can imagine, this is a complex combination of a competitive integrated. And I wouldn’t get on the path of laying out each one of those, but I will tell you that when you start to look at the corporate center, splitting out the IP, splitting out the financials, splitting out the corporate organization, has a lot of design that we have to make sure we are not creating these in-synergies dissynergies, and we do that properly. There is other considerations that we have to make for the employees, for the regulatory bodies to do that and it is not an easy one. Many of the competitive integrateds that have switched and split have not had the complex level of the integration or the size of the scale that we have. We have the most premier retail and wholesale trading organization, nobody that has split had anything like that. So there is value being created, but there is expense there too. So we have to watch how we do it, make sure we do it properly. There is a lot to be said about what we do for the consumer and the zero carbon market. You haven’t seen anybody that has a zero carbon fleet like ours split-off. You have seen coal plants, you have seen gas plants, you have seen gas infrastructure split-off. We have to make sure that when or if we do it, that we have the right compensation for the assets that are being spun-off. And that is not something that is been recognized by the regulators or the legislators or the administrations thus far. They recognize when they recognize solar, but they have not recognized nuclear. And if you look at just the state of Illinois right now, 60% of the generation is carbon-free. 90% of it is nuclear. Nuclear is the only one that is not compensated for its low carbon or zero carbon elements. So there is a lot of different avenues we have to go down to, to get this right. But as I said in the last call, the market’s changing, and we have to figure out how we change with it.
Christopher Crane: The only thing I would add to that is, if the plants are not profitable, they don’t cover their cash needs or their earning requirements, we shut them down and - with or without FRR. And it is a business decision. Some people have called it a threat. It is not a threat. It is just a reality. When businesses don’t make money on assets, they shut them down. And so we have to look at the timing of all these decisions and make sure we are doing the right thing. But the legislation is important for the value, but we have to make decisions based off of current economic conditions.
Christopher Crane: No. I think we were very public. In 2017, we used outside advisers, and we did a very, very thorough evaluation. And we looked at the free cash flow coming off of Genco. And at that point, it was accretive to be able to reduce debt, be able to put equity into the Utilities and also support a reasonable dividend policy. So we have kept close advisers as we have looked through this in the past, not only on business structure but assets also. It is nothing that is been insular to the company. It is always been with advice from outside.
Christopher Crane: It is too early to go there. I will tell you that we have to be very sensitive to what falls back on the Utilities and what the Genco can manage. And so some of the cost savings that you have seen in this quarterly update is us accelerating that type of focus. Not going too far, but the Genco’s done a lot. The business services organization is accelerating some stuff on technology and contracts and other things that would mitigate those costs when split. One thing about competitive integrated, you get to use the Massachusetts-modified model to spread the costs around. That is a revenue generated formula. We know if or when we do a split that, that goes away. And so we have to figure out how do we keep the financials, right, keep the employee benefits programs in all the databases. I mean you can go through that list of all the complex things that we have to do. But we do understand that the regulators are not going to want to see an increase in costs because we split the company. And the owners of the Genco are going to want to make sure their - the shareholders of the Genco are going to want to make sure that we are the most efficient. So we are working through that now, but we don’t have a number yet.
Christopher Crane: No. There is some disappointment, as you can imagine, from the communities. There is disappointment from employees. And these are not the first nuclear plants we have had to shut down. Some will say that we make enough money already, we should not shut them down, but that is just not the way businesses work. And so you have to work through the reaction. And the two major constituents that are going to feel the pain here with us shutting these units down, because we are losing so much money, are the employees and the communities. If you look at the taxes and what we provide in the community as far as employment in commerce and - it is not easy. And so you can imagine those communities are trying to figure out what they can do to support us staying - keeping those plants open. But haven’t heard a lot from the legislative side. And I will let Kathleen and Bill jump in on that side.
Christopher Crane: So what we are trying to do is work at the state level. We have had little traction at the federal level, and it is very polarizing as you know. It doesn’t matter who gets elected, it is still going to be a polarizing issue. So working it through the states and then through the markets because you have got the cross-state leakages is where we have been focused. We will have to see what happens tomorrow and what happens in the House and the Senate, the legislative body where they want to go. We hope they do it as a technology-neutral approach versus what some size of the house and the Senate have gone at technologies versus outcomes. But we will have to see. We are still going to fight at the state level and the market level to make sure that we get the right valuation for our assets. We are the largest non-carbon producing entity with no remunerations for those assets. But like I said earlier, it is nice for editorial or an editor or a politician to say we are looking for a bailout. We are looking to be able to compete with the other non-carbon that people have decided to provide a payment, a valuation for that low carbon output. But when you look at the largest non-carbon emitting source in the country and the largest Non-carbon emitting company in the country and they are competing against other resources that are getting compensated for the value of that, it is just frustrating. But you will pick up the paper tomorrow and somebody will write that Exelon is looking for a bailout. We don’t care about a bailout. We just want to compete. If we don’t compete, we will shut units down.
Christopher Crane: Yes. I just want to thank everybody for joining the call. It is a busy day. Election’s going on, all kinds of concern about stability in the country. And so for us to be able to share your time, it is appreciated. I really want to thank the employees for their commitment and dedication. We have had a lot of stuff going on this year, not only the COVID, the storms, and the things that they have had to work through. And I hope that you and your families are safe and healthy. And with that, I will close the call.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. Thank you, Chris. This year, we had a goal of $250 million of O&M - or of cost savings across the enterprise. And we are going to overachieve that by about $100 million to $125 million is our expectation. We are working through that right now. To your question about how much of that is repeatable in the future, we are in the throes of analyzing that. To Chris’ point, we have learned a lot here in the last almost 8 months, where we have been working remotely. We have had savings on travel and entertainment. We have had consulting dollar savings, training savings. We have looked at almost everything. And I think there will be things that fall to the bottom line, and we are going through that now. We would expect to provide you an update on that on our fourth quarter call, but there will be things that bleed through. We are just not ready to commit to how much of that is run rate in the future.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. I think, Chris, the answer to Julien’s question around how committed we are to investment grade, we take our strong balance sheet and our strong investment-grade ratings that we have today, obviously, very seriously. As you mentioned, we are still in the process of evaluating what the spin would look like and all the ramifications of that. And that includes impacts to all the stakeholders you mentioned, the rating agencies being one of those and how it would impact the rating of a Genco that stand alone. But at this point, it is too early to commit to anything along those lines. And with that, I will turn it over to Jim to talk about the retail business.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. So yes, there is a couple of things going on. Our free cash flow from our operations across the enterprise were up for the quarter. But we did see - because of that, number one, we had an assumption of kind of less requirement for working capital needs. And then more importantly, we had some movement in cash flow on other activity related to Exelon Generation, and there were just a number of small factors at normal-type quarter activity that moved the cash flow for the quarter, even though the earnings were up pretty materially versus the range we would given last quarter.
