Calvin Butler: Thank you, Jeanne. I will once again remind the investment community of what we’re working to accomplish in 2023. We take great pride in our operational excellence, which our employees dedicate themselves to daily. Summer is when we see some of the most severe weather activity, and our teams embrace the challenge to get customers back online quickly and safely. As we proceed with our work of supporting the energy transformation in our ongoing rate cases, we are very focused on listening to our stakeholders. We want to ensure that we are delivering the right investment plans and the right services to support meeting their energy transformation and climate goals in an affordable and equitable manner. After this year, much of our path forward for the next several years will be established and clear. The team also understands it must deliver on our financial priorities and guidance. Efficiently investing $7.2 billion of capital and earning ROEs in the 9% to 10% range will support meeting our 2023 earnings guidance range of $2.30 to $2.42 per share and keeping our balance sheet strong. And finally, we’re continuing to look for innovative ways to support our customers and communities end-to-end throughout our business. In partnership with the Exelon Foundation, we are looking to place our next round of investments in the $20 million climate change investment initiative fund or 2c2i, an innovative way to advance solutions to the challenges brought by climate change, while improving the quality of life for residents of our cities. For this year, five companies were selected to receive investments, spanning areas like software analytics to track air quality, non-recyclable plastic reuse and novel EV charging solutions. Every day, we’re reminded that the energy transformation is happening, and we have to be a vital role in it. And we have a talented team that’s incredibly excited to play that role. We recently announced that Colette Honorable will be joining us as our Executive Vice President of Public Policy and Chief External Affairs Officer, as a renowned energy policy leader who brings expertise in areas like clean energy transformation and equable ratemaking, she will be an invaluable addition to our team. And she’ll help us build on the strong foundation we already have in place, built by the team that got us here. In particular, I want to recognize Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of our business services company, Bridget Reidy who is retiring in September and played an integral role in shaping our organizational commitment to excellence. She also made incredible strides in diversity, equity and inclusion across the wide variety of corporate support groups that she led like IT and supply. Thank you, Bridget, for your leadership. Our team’s commitment to leading the energy transformation is what makes us the premier transmission and distribution utility, one that lives by its values, supports its communities and offers a uniquely strong expected total shareholder return of 9% to 11%.  Thank you, as always, for your interest. I’ll now turn it to Gigi for your questions.
Calvin Butler: Yes, David, thank you. This is Calvin. I would tell you that they are proceeding as planned. And the teams have provided their responses, and as Jeanne mentioned, we’re going through the process. But we have with us both Gil Quiniones, President and CEO of ComEd; and Carim Khouzami, President and CEO of BGE, who can – I will ask them to just kind of take your time and walk you through some of the highlights of each and what you can expect moving forward. I’ll start with Gil of ComEd.
Calvin Butler: And David, I would just add to that, both plans were built on helping the states meet their environmental and climate goals as well as economic development and job creation opportunities. So the stakeholder process, I don’t want to underrepresent because both companies have been very engaged in that process and meeting with all stakeholders. So again, proceeding, it’s a process that will play itself out. But we expect orders for both companies by the end of the year.
Calvin Butler: No, great question, David. We expect to see them both fully through and recognizing that, as Carim mentioned, first time for the reconciliation process in Maryland. And it’s the next 3 years, we will see it through and let it play out. And for Gil, moving from the formula rate to a 4-year multiyear plan, it’s important that everyone feels that they have had a chance to voice their opinions and that stakeholder process is critical to that. So we do see it playing out all the way to the end of the year.
Calvin Butler: And that’s very important for us. And in addition, I just want to recognize that Gil has been partnering with them. He was just recently named to the Environmental Justice Transition Subcommittee for this Mayor. So, the team has plugged in with the administration, and more of why that’s important is they are understanding what their priorities are as a new administration. And I think that will play directly into the new franchise agreement.
Calvin Butler: Yes. I would tell you that one of the, I would say, advantage is of being of our scale and our platform is that we are able to leverage the size to not only access our current suppliers, but identify new ones. So, directly to your question, we have not seen a shortage in our transformers. We have not seen a shortage in workforce or any other things that are impacting us executing on this capital plan. Now, what we do pay attention to, as new businesses coming online, our ability to give that online in the timeframe that some of our customers are looking for because that wasn’t part of that initial planned work. So, we stay on top of that and working with our supply organization. But to-date, we are not experiencing those same issues that others made.
Calvin Butler: Gigi, thank you very much. And I just want to always thank you all for joining us today. From the comments made today by Jeanne and I and the leadership team around the table, you see that we are focused on delivering on plan. So, as always, appreciate your interest, and this concludes our call.
Jeanne Jones: Hey, good morning Paul, it’s Jeanne. So, the SEC investigation is still ongoing, but we did reach a point where a loss contingency was probable. So, we did book that. You can see it’s treated similarly to how we had treated the initial DPA amount. It’s a non-operating one-time nonrecurring item that is in non-operating earnings. So, it’s continuing, but it is related to the investigation that began in 2019, so the same original investigation.
Jeanne Jones: Yes, I think that’s well said and all of that helps to reduce the O&M and preserve the cash, which minimizes the amount also that we need to finance in terms of our investments, so getting that cash and redeploying it back into the business. The only other thing I will add is on the interest rates, how we do as a whole – at the operating companies, we are stepping into new – sort of new rate cases, so the ability to recover the incremental interest there is important. But at the parent company, we do engage in reinsurance hedging and so being able to lock in with certainty ahead of time heading into a year what that interest expense is, is important. So, we will continue those practices that helped us heading into ‘23, and you can expect us to do that for future issuances as well.
Jeanne Jones: Sure. It’s Jeanne. So, on the current credit metrics, I think S&P and Moody’s just recently published kind of the prior 12 months, those were at 13%. And as we show in our slides and as I talked about in the script, as we look at our ‘23 through ‘26 time period, we expect to be at that average of 13%. And as a reminder, our downgrade threshold is 12%. And that 12% is afforded to us and we don’t take it lightly, that’s why we have that cushion. But it’s a reflection of our low-risk platform, right, diversity, scale, forward-looking rate mechanisms, 75% decoupled revenues. So, all of that put together, no generation, all of that results in a very low risk profile. But we like to manage at that 100 basis points or 200 basis points above that. So, at the 13%, as the rate agencies just published, we expect to be at that 13%. If we get the corporate alternative minimum tax mitigated, we would be closer the mid-higher, like that 13.5%, 14%. And we are hopeful to know that final regulations or at least preliminary regulations by the end of the year. You asked how that relates to our equity. We have no change in plans related to the 425. So, said another way, if we got the corporate alternative minimum tax alleviated, we would still do that 425. And so you can expect us to do that sometime between now and 2025. The last thing I will say is just as it relates to Moody’s and S&P, there is a little bit of difference in the calculation. S&P will sort of trend at that 13% over that time horizon. Moody’s, however, because of the calculation, there is some cash timing differences. So, we expect to be sort of on the low end in ‘23, ‘24 and then on the higher end in the back end, such that you average 13%. And that’s really driven by some of the formula rate timing at ComEd with the true-up coming for ‘22 and ‘23 coming in, in ‘24 and ‘25. But that’s sort of – that’s why we give you the average because we want to sort of neutralize some of that cash flow timing as well.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. And as it relates to the weather for ‘23, we had a combination of offsets across the platform, mostly at PECO, BGE and PHI given ComEd has the formula rate true-up on O&M. But across those three operating companies, we saw O&M levers, whether it was taking advantage of labor vacancies, lower T&E and contracting spend. And then in addition to that, PECO had some favorable depreciation. So, the combination of all that was probably around $0.04 of the $0.07 of weather, and then we had the ComEd carrying costs, which were a benefit this year. And it’s a benefit this year relative to last year because we did not have this large reg asset really sort of was built up at the back end of last year. And the interest deposit rate on that was zero for the commission. So, we weren’t getting an interest offset, even though we were incurring interest on that last year. However, now in this year is a benefit both to last year and to guidance because we have the larger reg asset this year. And while we are still incurring the carrying cost on that, the ICC reset the deposit rate at 5% this year. And so relative to guidance, we are now having an offset to that, that wasn’t baked into our plan. So, that’s probably about $0.03 of the $0.07. So, you put all that together, that’s how we are offsetting the $0.07 of weather. And to Calvin’s point, we just continue to focus on what else we can do to drive down those costs. And we are just starting to scratch the surface there.
Jeanne Jones: I would just say there is – it’s probably not much else to share. There are ongoing discussions. Their stakeholders remain receptive to the discussion and to the technical differences that the utility industry faces in being a very capital-intensive utility and some of the regulatory accounting that will release that capital-intensive nature of our industry. So, receptive discussions ongoing. And I did mention earlier in the script, we did see some guidance come out in June that basically said, hey, if you think you are subject to this tax, you won’t be penalized if you don’t pay it this year. We understand there is more sort of guidance and interpretation needed. And so that was just one other data point. But just ongoing discussions and we remain hopeful that we will have more clarity by the end of the year.
Jeanne Jones: Yes. I think as Gil mentioned, still more to come. We are still putting forth a strong argument around our proposed ROE. As you mentioned, they did not change their position. It appears to be sort of this continuation of the formula, which [indiscernible] was clear that the sunset of the formula rate was required. So, our filing offers an ROE that we feel appropriately reflects the actual cost of equity, taking into account the current market conditions. So, we will continue to work through that process. I think there is that data point and then there is the Electric Proxy Group, which is also another data point in the staff testimony. So, we will continue to work through that with them, but no changes as of this point.
Jeanne Jones: And I think one of the benefits of our profile rate of the $31 billion, as we have talked about before, not one project is greater than 1% of that spend. So, the ability to kind of manage that portfolio in bite sizes to the extent we do experience any issues allows us to be able to stay on track and deliver.
