Ken Cornew: Yeah, Dan, I think its largely going to be element of what the bidding behavior is of the generation going forward in these auctions. I think clearly what the Market Monitor released saying that a substantial amount of generation didn’t clear in past auctions is likely to continue in future auctions unless prices increased. Now Matt highlighted and you are all looking at what are the price drivers that are going to – or the auction drivers that are going to push prices up and we believe they will. The question really becomes what the bidding behavior of the generators and the demand response will be versus the past. And I would expect to see overtime that these generators are (inaudible) and not clearing are going to have a more challenging time continuing to exist and offer their capacity in the market. I think that will happen probably over the next several years, just not instantaneously this year.
Ken Cornew: We’ve looked at our generation, obviously we made the decisions around those, we thought were challenged and those are the ones at this point, yeah.
Ken Cornew: Yes. I think it's both. To the extent there is more cap-and-trade in these elements. Those types of cost get into the dispatch of the generators and that will impact the energy market. To the extent its investment obviously in capital that's going to look large in a five year or six year future timeframe that is going to have to make its way into the cost for generators to bid into RPM, so I think it's definitely some of each.
Ken Cornew: Yeah, Jonathan. Obviously when we talked about the last quarter, we came into this quarter above ratable and we talked about the use of options, and some of the uncertainties that we are looking at regarding economic recovery and its impact on gas and power demand. We’ve started ahead ratable in the Midwest obviously with that ComEd swap and we’ve remained ahead of it, since the three year plan has been instituted. We did increase our mid-Atlantic activity of underlying sales to essentially catch-up to ratable with the PECO contract rolling off at the end of 2010. We did have some reduction in expected generation, and we did have some higher effectiveness in hedging from our put options. So where we are is, we are at ratable with our underline position and we are ahead of ratable with the put option strategy. We do that because we do think there is upside in the markets, particularly when I look at heat rates, I am still seeing spot heat rates disconnected from forward heat rates. We talked about the APD, NI-Hub spreads and how they’ve come from $13 level in the forwards last summer, all the way back to the $6 level now. John mentioned and we talked about how we are working to improve in areas of the transmission grids to make sure we can deliver our power to the broadest markets. We’ve seen really some good support in NI-Hub of heat prices in the quarter and some good support in the forwards also. Matt mentioned wind build-out, the wind build-out is obviously flowing down in our mind, and it’s tough to get a long-term contract to build the wind facility in this price environment. So we do believe there is upside in NI-Hub heat rates. We believe that a lot of the environmental impacts are going to happen outside this hedging window, and where the uncertainly comes in is around how quickly the economy is going to recover and what that does to gas and power demand. And your second part of your question I think was, are we doing anything differently because of potential CFTC regulation? And the answer to that is simply no. We continue to focus on our hedging program, utilizing all the channels we’ve talked about in the past load filing, standard products at different basis hubs, participating in the retail business competitively and all kinds of structured transaction opportunities that we look at from time to time.
Ken Cornew: We actually employed the put strategy in prior quarters for 2012. We started the put strategy earlier on in our ratable hedging program so in ’09 we started doing that.
John Rowe: Well, we think exactly what you do on that subject. I think there are at least three or four units in northern Illinois that are owned by others, for what incremental investment to comply with tighter standards will be a very vexing thing indeed. Now obviously we don’t have – aren’t allowed to have any peculiar insights into what the owners of those units maybe doing. But we intend to be ready when those decisions have to be made. I think you have your finger on it exactly, I don’t think we’re going to see EPA use in CO2 regulatory powers in a draconian fashion. My guess is that they believe that that would create an unsustainable amount of congressional kickbacks, but EPA has rule makings on coal ash to come out soon. It has what is called the CAIR, C-A-I-R regulations on SOx and NOx. It has, as you suggested the hazardous pollutant regulations on mercury, I think somewhere in that chart that people called train wreck, there is also new particular regulation. And it's just hard for me to see how each and every one of these won’t impose a new investment requirement and additional cost requirement on all of the older and smaller coal-fired units, especially some that existed in northern Illinois. As we look at it, something we do know simply from industry discussions, is that a number of utilities have tried to approach EPA about whether there is someway to put all of their plans for their units in a bubble and get credit for shutting down some against the operating requirements for the big and better ones, and I think EPA told them it doesn’t quite work that way because of the lawsuit that they brought themselves. EPA feels that it has to enforce each of these statutory requirements on its own unique terms. And that’s going to place some real burdens on some of these plans. So I wish it had the sort of predictability that good CO2 legislation would have. But I think it’s in some ways even more dramatic in its long-term outcome.
John Rowe: I will let Ken answer most of that, but just let me say we know all of you are concerned about 2012 prices so are we. We can't predict just when some mix of tighter capacity, higher gas prices, higher coal prices and some carbon penalty really begins to have an affect. We’re very sure we’ll be there. But whether its 12 or 14 we’ve no better way to know than you do, so our approach to this is fundamentally manage our hedging strategy in accordance with what we see, manage the company so that we take our long-term forecasts and deliver real results that beat those forecasts. And its kind of funny in my now many years, the period from say '05 to '08 is the only time I’ve ever had good long-term five year forecasts and those turned out to be wrong. Most of my experience has been that you have bad long-term forecast, and you work like hell to make the reality better than what the machines does. And often you succeed. So that’s how we deal with this commodity cost. But with that I’d better let Ken answer the greater detail of your question.
John Rowe: Okay. Let me start with the first one and Matt and Ken will help me here. I do not think there is a real balance sheet reason for the ratable three year hedging but Matt and Ken may have a thought that I don’t. Obviously, things like supporting the dividend are a reason to have a hedging policy. We have said back from time-to-time, and said should we do what Exelon does and simply say, our fundamental business is too weak to hedge. But we have – but the three-year policy allowed us to bring some stability to earnings and cash flows that we wouldn’t have otherwise, and as I think you gathered from an earlier question that Ken answered. He kind of thinks that he is able to get some forward fields now in 12 that are just a little better than the spots might be when we get out there. There is an anomaly in electricity, in that forward markets don’t go very far out and long-term contracts by people with load serving responsibility tend to be at higher prices than the some of the intervening spot markets, and I think that also supports what Ken is doing, but now Matt and Ken tell me what I missed.
John Rowe: Thank you all very much. Stacie and her team will continued answer you questions. I think she and predecessor Karie Anderson have done a great job trying to improve the quality of the materials; we put out in public so we get to lot of your questions forward meeting. Some will keep working on as much clarity as we can provide. Simply put Exelon is 70% to 75% commodity driven business and 25% to 30% regulatory driven business and the commodity business was a lot of fun 2 years ago and its harder work right now. As a results for the first quarter show we’re able to beat that own model sometimes by hard work and we will continue to try very hard to do that. We will try to give you a really good year this year, and we’ll keep working on the questions you all have about 2012. We have a long time ahead of us before 2012 comes, I am confident we’ll find some good things to do in that intervening period. Thanks a lot for your patience and life at Exelon will be fine again one of these days.
