Joseph Nigro: Good morning, Dan. The retail market remains very competitive. As you know, there’s a number of participants in all the areas that we’re in. I would say however since January, we have seen improvement in all of the retail markets. And it’s really happened on two fronts from our perspective. The first is just the premium – the rich premiums charge to serve load. And I’m talking both in the retail markets as well as on the polar side, have gone up with the increased volatility we’ve seen in the market. And then in addition to that, we have seen our margins on the C&I origination on the power side expand as well. And I think both of those things are positive. We have been saying for some time that we expected to see this happen, because we couldn’t get our hands around where the market was trading at effectively. I think from the Integrys perspective, it’s a really good [depth] [ph] for our portfolio from the standpoint of – the core products are power and gas, which dovetail nicely into our existing retail business. The 22 states that they’re in, also fit nicely with the geographies that we are in, and it is just a natural opportunity for us to grow the business that you see some of the competitors scale back.
Joseph Nigro: Dan, we’re seeing – we’ve mentioned previously in the last six months that at one point, we were slightly below that $2 to $4 threshold for C&I originations. We’re now back over that $2 threshold that [core load] [ph] mid $2 and we’ve seen improvement. and as I mentioned in addition to that, on top of that, we’ve seen the actual risk premiums increase. So the increases did really on two fronts, but our margins alone are above that $2 threshold.
Joseph Nigro: Well, as we mentioned in the press release, Steve, we paid $60 million for Integrys, and assumed the working capital of approximately $180 million or so. I would say on an EBITDA multiple basis it’s close to or less than 2 times on an EBITDA multiple basis.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. Good morning, Greg. It’s Joe. I think from the gas basis perspective, your point is right on. We’ve seen the Nov-March strip for next year, the M3 basis dropped since the end of June about $0.50, and inversely as we tied in early May, it’s dropped almost $1. and to your point, really the summer periods since the end of June for that M3 basis hasn’t fallen at all, we’ve dropped some, since the high at the end of May; Chicago has been much more stable. From our perspective, there’s a couple of things obviously, the strong Q1 spot prices had a big impact on driving the forward prices higher, both in the winter and summer period. Most we’re seeing an impact that drag through to the forward curve on what’s going on in the spot market. I mentioned in my prepared remarks how we’re 35% down on cooling degree days in Chicago and 10% national. That’s having an impact in the gas market, both the NI Hub and drag through the basis. I think specifically, the M3 basis, where it’s going to continue to see some of this volatility in the next two years or so. As we continue to produce more gaps with the Marcellus shale, we’re producing about 15 Bcf a day. In Marcellus, we just don’t have the takeaway capacity and move that gas efficiently. As we get out towards 2017, we really expect that gas demand and supply demand balance that Marcellus could come into much better equilibrium, when you think about some of the pipeline reversals in TransCo and Texas Eastern and Rockies Express, which will provide an uptick and more stability to that gas basis.
Joseph Nigro: So there is some unfinished business around the speculation reforms that have been proposed in advance of the last auction and set up some sessions to deal with that. We think that ultimately revise some of those speculation reforms for approval and advance the next auction. The other issue that is gaining a lot of attention, it’s an examination of the winter on a reliability situations I think has revealed some gaps in the capacity product that we have purchased thus for (indiscernible) consumers. So I think PJM is going to be looking at something that procures some additional commitments around high availability resources. I think that’s going to look a lot like resources that have firm fuel, like our nuclear plants. And I think it’s going to be characteristic approach where there will be additional compensation those units or enhanced reliability. And there is also going to be some enhanced penalties. And I think as an early model one might look to in that regard is what New England has done. I think PJM is going to look very carefully at that. So there will be some more money in the session, but also some more penalties for people who don’t perform. I think generally speaking PJM wants to be added a business of managing fuel supply for gas generators that has become a big issue and will become a bigger issue as the staff changes. And the other thing we saw is obviously generator non-performance in the winter, which really threatened the reliability of systems. So I figure we will see a proposal sometime in the next month from PJM with action bringing something to firm potentially by the end of the year depending on what the analytics look like.
Joseph Nigro: Well. I think in the long run it’ll do just that, it’ll be part of the PRA and planning perimeters, we see going into the PRAs. But there is a question about these next few winters before we can catch up with the PRA schedule. So I think there's going to need to be something that will be supplemental for the coming winters. But, again, we need to see what PJM proposes. But I don't think it just truly to PRA plan. I think it’s going to be back in the next few winters as well.
Joseph Nigro: If I could just add you asked about Pennsylvania as well. There I think the administration has not been predisposed to joining RGGI that the other candidate for Governor as indicated as part this platform that he would win RGGI if he is elected, so mostly what the elections results look like in November, and that will probably charge path there.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. I think Angie there is a couple of things. I think the first is intrinsically we believe in the logic of matching generation and load. And there is a number of reasons to do that it’s beneficial for us, because we don’t have to take our power output, over the counter market. The optionality of our units is efficiently matched with these load contracts. The locations in which we’re selling the load contracts matches nicely to our generation output generally. I think the second; the other side of it is the volatility piece. These contracts are renewing in a relative frequent period, that touch the phase and the volatility is reflected in those contracts. So it’s not like for being exposed that. If you go back six months ago, we were saying we didn’t think the market was accurately pricing the volatility in the right way. And when I was impacting the way we were executing our own quantity to retail. We have seen that improved and we thought it would improve and we are comfortable with it because it an efficient hedge for our total portfolio. And the margins had continued to expand.
Christopher M. Crane: The only thing I’d add to that, the nature of the business is still very competitive, as Joe said, there’s dozens and dozens of participants that are still in markets like northern Illinois. We expect upon closures that our combined footprint would be about 29%. I think it’s been over reported in a few outlets. And so 28% to 29%, but there again, as the contracts come up, it will be – that will be processed in a very competitive way. So we feel strong about the acquisition and we still think it supports a very competitive market.
Christopher M. Crane: We continue to look at growing both sides of the business either through on the generation side, either through acquisitions or potential development projects. but they have to pass the test of accretion and over the period and a value proposition, a positive NPV, a contribution to earnings and free cash flow or EPS. We participate as assets come more recently. Assets have been going at higher valuations than we would put them in the portfolio for, but it will continue to watch as things come to market and run them through our models. They need to be generally in the markets that we’re serving and trying to grow into some of the asset optimization there we’re going through now. It is fairly back on a few of the assets that don’t have the good well run assets, good employee base highly reliable, but they don’t have the value creation in our portfolio, so continuing to optimize the assets as we go forward. As we’ve said previously, really interested in the Texas market, we see the economy there strengthening, we see the demand although not as fast as previously reported presenting opportunities for further growth in the wholesale, and retail opportunities, which would – with our business model, we’ve tried to match as much as we can the generation to the load and the portfolio.
Christopher M. Crane: We like the business on the projects that you can get for the right value. It is on the renewables a free cash flow play and with the current tax rules that are there it’s a tax play. We have leaned more towards project financing. And we think that fits our needs better than a yieldco and in the long-term with what we see for the tax environment for these assets going forward. So we’re not heading towards yieldco or pushing assets into the yieldcos, we’re more continuing development in project financing assets.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. I think the way I would answer that is, first is, we’ll roll out 17 like we do every year with EER. And we do have a ratable program for 2017 began this year. We are impacted by gas basis just like everyone else by our open position. But I would also say as we convert to power sales obviously, we don’t have as big an impact on the gas basis doesn’t have as big an impact on us, once we sell the power, because we have so much long base load nuclear generation that it’s not impacted once the power sold.
Christopher M. Crane: The state has long positioned itself as focused on environmental issues. And they have individually, as the state take actions and advance of 1011D and looking at different programs that they maybe able to participate in, and we see this is helping them with the road map on going forward. So there is an interest within the state for that. There is also an interest within the stake holder body to secure the long-term viability of these assets, they’re greatly highly critical to the economy, local economy in which they are located in serving as tax basis, job basis, economic support for the community. So it’s a multifaceted view, but the environmental support has been a long-term focus for the state.
Christopher M. Crane: I would say just first of all it's very preliminary. So I think there’s a couple of things that folks are looking for. It’s pretty clear that if you lose nuclear plants your ability to comply with any carbon regime going forward is going to be jeopardized. So plants produced tremendous amount of zero carbon energy, and so if you lose those you are going to see a big uptick taking in carbon efficiency and we see that states – were plants have actually retired. I think that's been fully recognized. What the vehicle for compliance will be is going to be the subject of discussions. I would guess at least a year and possibly longer. So I just think it’s too early to speculate on where they are going to go. I think some stake holders and see what’s been done in the RGGI states and find that appealing. But, we are there's a lot of grain before we get the solution on that.
Christopher M. Crane: I think we believe later. I think RGGI is a good choice. RGGI is just one of choices, as clean energy standard can work, a dispatch model where we pricing carbon and then dispatch resource through the RTOs, it works. There are a lot of solutions out there. We have supported the RGGI platform and the model of improvements and we’ll continue to support those states that are interested in that model. But it’s not the only solution. 
Christopher M. Crane: First of all, I think the first question is the uptick in volume would probably be approximately 15% to our retail power volumes. And our existing constellation retail power volumes, on the gap side the uptick in volume would be approximately 30% to the existing constellation volumes.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. And I would add to that Angie, the purchase with the mark-to-market exercise, so regardless if they were long or short, it would be an exercise in just mark-to-market, whatever positions they had on. It’s hard to speculate and then provide a more information to that.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. If you are look at our sensitivity tables that we provide in our hedge disclosures. We show you a $5 change in power crises for 2014, 2015, 2016 respectively for PJM west and for NI-Hub, and we were roughly down about $3 in 2015 and 2016 respectively, so just backing into the math it’s approximately $150 million in 2015 and approximately $250 in 2016 and you could see that in the sensitivity tables we provide.
Christopher M. Crane: It’s definitely not the last man standing. It’s a (indiscernible) market with many participants in it. So I think, Joe could continue to cover this strategy, you touch that.
Christopher M. Crane: Yes. As we previously said we have multiple filings in at Maryland. And we had to time ourselves in our own workload. So we prepare the other one, first Maryland’s on a clock its 225 days, so we’ll be filing that one very shortly. But it is just the execution of the work we already have, in front of the commission in Maryland the work that we needed to do in front of the other commissions.
