Christopher Crane: Thanks Joe. Turning to Slide 14, we recognize the current power of markets are creating headwinds for us. We're prepared to meet them head on and take thorough or thoughtful action if necessary. In the meantime, we are accomplishing the things we committed to do including maintaining industry-leading operations, leading our financial commitments effectively, deploying more than $5 billion in capital across our utilities this year, and advocating for policies that support clean energy. Our strategy remains the right one and we're committed to our value proposition. We continued to grow the utilities targeting a 7.8% rate-based growth in a 6% to 8% earnings growth through 2022. We continue to use free cash flow from the Genco to fund that incremental equity needs that the utilities paydown debt and one part of the growing dividend. We will continue to optimize the value of ExGen business by seeking pair compensation or our zero-emitting Generation fleet, closing uneconomic plants like we're doing with TMI and selling assets where it makes sense to accelerating our debt reduction plans and maximizing value through the generation – through the generation to load match strategy constellation. We will sustain strong investment grade credit metrics and we will grow our dividend annually 5% through 2020. The strategy underpinning this value proposition is effective. We remain committed to optimizing the value of our businesses and earning your ongoing support of Exelon. Operator, we can now open the call up to questions.
Christopher Crane: If you're asking in market prices, we don't calculate the effect of uneconomic plants being shut down on the effect of the market. If you're asking about the effect of removing the negative free cash flow, we haven't got those numbers to be published right now. It's something that we're looking at, but we're trying to evaluate, unit by unit and then in aggregate, as we've said publicly right now, you can see a challenge in the future if this market persists between the capacity and the energy market that Dresden, Byron, and Braidwood are financially challenged. Now do you think we've got a clear path that that with good coalition to support, fixing that at some of it at the state level and we still are working very hard with PJM for FERC to continue on base-load scarcity in the capacity market reforms that should correct, and make a fair market. So, but short of those things happening, those three sites, you can look into the future and see the challenges that they have.
Christopher Crane: We’ll give you an update at our fourth quarter call and you're getting like one side of the story here obviously, because in the numbers we provide, we're showing you the mark-to-market. You see our gross margin disclosures and they change quarter-over-quarter this quarter driven by the price drops we saw in the second quarter. I also discussed their other levers at our disposal. Those are reflected in our disclosures, but you can go back to what we've modeled on the fourth quarter call and that's what we've disclosed at this point.
Christopher Crane: Thank you all for participating in the call today. We remain on track to meet our commitments to our customers, communities, and shareholders. With that, we'll close up the call.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. Good morning, Greg. Greg, you mentioned one of them. I think we've proven through our time with our financial discipline that we're not going to run power plants in perpetuity that are in economics. So that would be the first lever. Obviously, you've seen us continue to drive efficiencies in our business and continue to look at ways to streamline our costs and we would continue to do that and that would be across our Exelon generation business as well as at the business services company. At our disposal, I won't speculate on what at this time, but we obviously have the opportunity if necessary, to look at asset sales. We do have a small amount of growth capital in our ExGen business. We would look at that and take a hard look at that. And then there were alternative forms of financing. When you think about project financing, you know, they're saying. So I think when you look at it, this is a point in time estimate over our financials. As you said, we've seen the markets move up or down. We're comfortable, like I said; with our credit metrics through the disclosure period and we continue to allocate capital in the ways we've laid out. And if we had to, if this continued, we would look at these levers.
Joseph Nigro: Either we have a clear path to securing them or the units will be shut down. We will not damage the balance sheet, sitting around for years with negative free cash flow or negative earnings.
Joseph Nigro: Steve, [indiscernible] the activity that has started and continued for a number of months on advancing the clean energy legislation among the coalition that was referenced by Kathleen and by Chris remains unchanged. We're meeting regularly, we're doing the stakeholder outreach, we're trying to craft a package and educate members of the legislature. And dependency of the grand jury and subpoenas had no impact on the level of activity or the intensity of the activity in that regard.
Joseph Nigro: Yes. And just to supplement what Ann said, we've been in the process of these negotiations for some time. We've exchange terms and have detail discussions about, how the agreement would be structured going forward. We had a slowdown in those negotiations during the transition to the new mayor. But those negotiations have resumed in full at this point.
Joseph Nigro: Yes, that's correct. But again, the focus here is I'm getting the franchise agreement done. Our expectation is it will be fully negotiated and Dan will address the issues that Ann talked about, to the extent municipalization is what that will come with a very hefty price tag as you know, and I don't think realistically that's a path we're going to go down.
Joseph Nigro: You heard me say in my – it’s Joe, good morning, you heard me say in my prepared remarks that we reaffirmed our guidance, range of $3 to $3.30. That's inclusive of the earnings guidance. We gave you obviously for the third quarter and we're comfortable with those numbers.
Joseph Nigro: Hi. I mean you saw some of the drivers in the second quarter when we talked about the lower load volumes that constellation driven by the unfavorable weather and we continued to as Jim sits were talked about. We continue to execute our new business at constellation and we continue to manage the utility business accordingly and we're comfortable with full-year guidance.
Joseph Nigro: Good morning, Michael. It's Joe. As Chris mentioned when you just said, inclusive when you look at the three plants in Illinois that he mentioned, Byron, Braidwood and Dresden, those plants are running in those cash flow forecast. And then to the extent, these power prices continue there's obviously challenges financially with those. And as I said in my remarks, we won't continue to run those plants in perpetuity on economically. Having said that, we haven't provided the numbers specifically, but we will. We put out a forecast on our fourth quarter call for $7.8 billion of free cash flow from 2019 to 2022 coming off generation that we're still working with that number.
James McHugh: Hi Greg. Yes. This is Jim McHugh. That is just executed. That's executed business that now has moved into the mark-to-market of hedges. So when you net that all together, that numbers – those two lines would be flat from last quarter, it's just executed now.
James McHugh: Yes. Praful, this is Jim McHugh. I'll start. I think from a market's perspective, first of all, the one thing, I want to highlight to Joe's point about this as a point in time. We've already seen the Nighthawk market move up $1 on the forward curve since the end of the quarter and the West Hub markets moved up about $0.75 since the June 30 pricing. So we've seen a pickup in prices so far. I think when it comes to what we're working on; we've talked over the last several quarters on the market reform side. Fast start pricing is willing to be enacted. There is some work being done on reserves and scarcity pricing and the ORDC curve in PJM. And then in the long run it's a little bit lower priority right now for PJM, but the focus on the baseload price formation and Entergy relaxation. Those are some of the things. I think we have new build and retirements both happening over the next four or five years as natural course of business and our fundamental analysis. So there will be a little bit of that, but I think, by and large the reforms are around price formation and then in the long run, if we're able to come up with a market solution to have carbon pricing in the market would be another thing in the long run. That would be something we would all continue working on. The one thing that's interesting to me about where we've seen these prices in that $22 area, which you look at Cal 21, Cal 22, Cal 23, that's trading down where the quarter two just cleared. Quarter two Nile just cleared $22.25 with very, very mild weather. So the entire curve is trading where a very mild quarter just traded. It's an interesting note to me and I think it gives us some insight into why we think those prices on the forward curve have already responded slightly higher in the last couple of weeks.
James McHugh: Yes. So I think from a retail perspective, our customer facing businesses are doing pretty well. The margins are hanging in, our win rates are strong and we're holding our market share, our retail customer facing business and our wholesale load auctions and wholesale origination businesses have performed well. I think as far as acquisitions and expanding it, we've talked for a while now about having grown really what is the best in class platform. So we will love to acquire books of business, if there is value proposition there that we can absorb it into our best in class platform and just take a retail book of business. We'll look for those opportunities and we certainly would take a hard look at them.
