Charles Pardee: Sure. This is Chip speaking. We have started our technical reviews if, in fact, those vents are deemed to be required. And we don't yet have any firm price numbers, but they're not extraordinary costs. These are not significant engineering or construction tasks, so I can just answer qualitatively that those should not be numbers that you would be able to discern.
Charles Pardee: Yes. Not on Mark 2s, on Mark 1s. But there are sufficient parallels that we can start from a pretty sound basis.
Charles Pardee: They were early enough, decades ago, starting through the 90s and such that I wouldn't care to extrapolate those costs up forward. But again, they were not large numbers, Jonathan, in the big scheme of things.
Charles Pardee: I think that pretty much covers it. We're watching the other commissioners weigh in at this point in time. And I think from what we can tell, we'll see more clarity around the response to the question in relatively short order is my belief, but until such time the commission finishes weighing in, I don't think we'll know more about timelines or the degree to which the public will participate in the process.
Charles Pardee: I don't know how much clarity, additional clarity, I will able to provide. But I don't know if you were able to listen to the call that NEI had yesterday on largely the same subject. And one significant differentiator that we do see thus far with the 90-day report versus actions that were required post-9-11 is that unlike the events of a decade ago when our principal corrective actions involved adding significant security staff and -- significant additions to security staff, which, as you know, are ongoing O&M expenses versus highly concentrated on once-and-done capital improvements. From what we can see this time around, the task force largely concentrates on the physical attributes of the power plants, which tend to lend themselves to capital versus O&M improvements. I do know that we have completed our first round of seismic and flooding walk downs at our power plants. We did that several months ago as an immediate action post-Fukushima. And we have not found significant deficiencies with our current design basis features, so I am not anticipating at all any large expenditures around the minor deficiencies that we did find. But until such time NRC is more specific about whether or not further strengthening of our seismic or flooding defenses will be required, I can't really speculate the costs. I do know that again, though, those would lend themselves to onetime capital costs instead of ongoing O&M commitments that we'll have to make year-over-year.
Charles Pardee: I think that is a fair read across. Now -- and as you can tell, both John and I are both hedging our answers with there is little definition to what the specific actions that we'll undertake actually are. But I think you have that directionally correct. It appears thus far that we'll end up doing, generally speaking, more of the same in improving the robustness of our layers of protection. And certainly, not starting from a redesign of significant safety systems or anything like that.
Charles Pardee: From all we can see right now, Hugh, the answer to that question would be no. And if, for some reason, the complexion changes, as John said, we'll get back to you in prompt order. But I just am not seeing it at all. The defenses that we're talking about with regard to robustness against natural disasters and such are aren't the same as adding security officers as the history around 9-11 dictated.
John Rowe: Greg, Ken Cornew is good at telling you whether the hot food wants a ham or bacon, so he will answer that.
John Rowe: When we can give you a number that is with -- at a breadbox level of accuracy, we'll give it to all of you. I mean right now, all we know is that some of our worst fears, particularly about the fuel pools, do not appear to be happening. And so that's very good thing, indeed. But we just can't give you a number yet because we don't know what we have -- what they have in mind. The vent hardening is not a very big issue, but some of these other things could cost significantly more. And you won't have to ask. When we know, we'll get it to all of you as fast as we can.
John Rowe: Hugh, I don't know if this is helpful or not, but it's the best I can do. After TMI, there were major structural changes in plant design requirements. It seems to me that the tone of the post-Fukushima review is not that we'll go back and redesign all the old plants, it's that we'll have to have more consistent measures in place to respond to things that might exceed the design basis. I think Chip and his colleagues call those SAMGs. But they tend to be much lower in expense than major rebuilds, and you might take a look at it that way.
John Rowe: Hugh, we're not in any panic at all, but we take every round of this with pilgrim-like gravity. I mean, this was a massive nuclear accident. While small compared to the tsunami and earthquake itself, it's still somewhere between TMI and Chernobyl on the bad things scale. And we will take everything the NRC is doing with the greatest seriousness. We will work with them as closely as they will let us to get efficient and effective responses to this. But I think what we're saying is we don't, at the moment, see anything that has a major impact on the economics of these plants.
John Rowe: I think the only thing that's affecting the delay since we reviewed some of it with our board just yesterday is just when and how to communicate to certain people. We're trying very hard to keep this a happy merger at -- in both companies. And right now it is, and I think we're going to try to keep a soft hand to make certain it stays that way.
John Rowe: I was looking at a summary statement on my own investment portfolio this morning, and observed that the best thing in the last 60 days was gold. Well, I'll leave you with this thought: Exelon is safer than gold, it's got more upside than gold and it pays a 5% dividend, which is damn hard to get out of gold. Thank you, everybody.
James Dobson: A question for you, going back to the nuclear task force, you indicated that both the diligent process but perhaps more importantly a fact-based process was your hope. And I was just wondering if you could square that with at least the Chairman's desire of the NRC to get this sort of rules out in 90 days similar to the task force report. It would seem to almost make that fact-based approach maybe a little more challenging, if you had thoughts there.
James Dobson: No, that's very helpful. And I guess for clarity, your cost estimates of compliance with whatever new rules, you won't be willing to make that available to folks like us that are interested, probably about the time the rules are made. So to the extent it takes longer than 90 days, we should anticipate that it'll take you that long to come up with the cost estimates.
James Dobson: Okay, got you. So we got $0.01 or so benefit from -- relative to a year ago. And then on the tax issue, Matt, you said there'd be another $0.01 in the second half. Is there a reason to believe that wouldn't be in the third quarter or -- just to understand your characterization of the second half versus the first.
Matthew Hilzinger: I think it's around $0.01 to $0.02 of storm costs in the second quarter. So we had some storms in June and probably estimated to be around $0.02, June.
Matthew Hilzinger: Yes, the $0.01 is connected to the first $0.07. And it's just -- it's waiting for some final clarification from the IRS. So it's going to largely be dependent upon that. We like to see it in the third quarter, but it could move to the fourth. But it's dependent upon the IRS.
Matthew Hilzinger: Yes. Paul, it's Matt Hilzinger. These are items that we've either included or not included in operating earnings in the past and are reversing. And we're just keeping symmetry to where they were originally included. So that was for the money -- for the EPS that was included in ops, that has to do with underground cables and some working capital kind of a lead-lag amount that we basically had reserved through operating earnings in the past, meaning that we took the charge to operating earnings in the past. We're getting recovery of that so we're reversing that through operating earnings. The items that have been excluded from operating earnings that you're saying had to do with severance back in '09 and Medicare Part D, those were originally excluded from operating earnings. And so we're excluding that now. So we're just providing some symmetry as to how they went through the original P&L.
