Kenneth Cornew: Yes, Dan, obviously the level of PJM demand forecast that they produced in January would have downward pressure on modeling of prices. Also in consideration of any kind of subsidized generation, essentially as a price taker like what's proposed in New Jersey legislation would also have downward pressure. As you know and are well aware of and have been vocal about, there are other moving parts. PJM's going to issue its planning parameters in February. FERC's going to have to rule on minimum-offer pricing and demand-response saturation. And ultimately, the big drivers, the EPA environmental standards and reduced energy margins and how they play into how coal plants bid in the next auction. So we still see upside, and we're going to be watching very carefully what happens in the next two months.
Kenneth Cornew: Clearly, Dan, the margins from coal generation in the Midwest are getting squeezed down when you look at forward prices. Forward prices and heat rates have moved up more aggressively in the Mid-Atlantic than in the Midwest in the past quarter. And obviously in January, they've come back a bit as John mentioned. I still think there is upside, particularly in heat rates at NiHub. We've talked about how CATR could impact power prices. We think there might be a little bit of that in the forward market, but not much of it. We talked about how MACT standards in '14 and '15 could improve prices more significantly. Transmission congestion has been pretty significant in the last 20, 30 days. A lot of transmission work is going on in the Midwest region. We think some of that's making its way into forwards, and I think that it will turn around over time.
Kenneth Cornew: A little more complicated than that, Dan. But relatively speaking, if we do think there is upside, we will try to maintain that upside outside through option strategy, through what hubs we actually sell power at, and we do consider the different products on-peak and off-peak. I think there is more upside in on-peak Midwest prices. So a lot of what we've done in the past quarters has been focused on the Midwest off-peak. And we'll continue to look for ways to hedge the portfolio, while maintaining that upside. I think if you look at our hedge disclosures and our sensitivity charts, you'll see that we've done a pretty good job in that.
Kenneth Cornew: John is right. We're going to continue our ratable hedging program. As we've said before, we are going to focus on maintaining upside through our product strategies, focusing on the retail market, looking at and watching very carefully, what congestion looks like in the forwards versus what we believe. But we're going to remain disciplined, and you should expect us to follow close to our ratable plan.
Kenneth Cornew: The Mid-Atlantic increases in heat rates in the fourth quarter largely driven by what spot prices were dealing, driven by coal prices picking up, also driven by gas basis increases in the East. So really the driver of the Mid-Atlantic increase was a combination of coal price pressure and gas basis pressure. We didn't see that. We saw pretty flat coal prices in the Midwest in Powder River Basin coal. So we didn't see as much of an uptick in heat rates in the Midwest because of that.
Joseph Dominguez: Steve, when we're mentioning precedent here we’re looking at the New York ISO case that recently came down, applying a minimum offer price rule in the New York market. There's also been activity in the Forward Capacity Market in New England. These are not to new issues to FERC. FERC has applied minimum offer price rules for these markets. We believe that both PJM suppliers and others will bring this issue to the FERC very quickly, and that will get a ruling before the next auction.
Joseph Dominguez: I don't think so, John. I could use different words but say basically the same thing. I think what we might see, Hugh, is some recognition of sensitive order bodies are going to be treated differently than the great lakes and rivers. So I think EPA's going to pay a special attention test to where as John just indicated. You may see a change in the design intake criteria threshold but all of it's going to boil back down to some sort of cost-benefit analysis, we think, on the environmental impact versus the cost of the towers, and EPA is going to I think very carefully look at the fish studies and the other biological impacts in making determinations. The thing that we felt was very good Commissioner on Jackson's December 16 letter was she clearly ruled out one-size-fits-all, which would have been problematic for Exelon. But it would have been very problematic for just about everybody in the industry.
Joseph Dominguez: It's fish concentration, basically, and spawning grounds for fish. So estuaries traditionally have been very rich habitats for fish spawning. So you have an impact on fish larva that you don't necessarily see in the great lakes or you don't necessarily see in freshwater rivers.
John Rowe: We are always looking. We look in different directions. We are absolutely value-driven. We will not change. We will not abandon our value-added strategy out of the loss of an old man, out of the envy of other people's shiny press releases, or for any other reason. But as to the recent two Duke, Progress announcements it looks to me like a very sensible merger. I commend both Jim and Bill on doing it. It's the right way to make things happen. It will make a good company. We, of course, had looked at Progress ourselves. At our current share price, the accretion dilution numbers did not meet our tests. They apparently did for Duke. We have nothing but respect for what they're attempting to do. And we expect to see more of it across the industry. But it is one more example that Exelon is always paying attention. But we do this for value only.
John Rowe: Well, I think the answer is you want to get to gas, because it's where you are in the knee on the curve. But Ken Cornew is the expert on these.
John Rowe: I think that you're probably right about PECO. ComEd has got to get through this existing rate case and either get a more attractive rate regime than other Illinois utilities have experienced or cut a change understanding with the legislature. Or else it will have to take more drastic cost-cutting measurements including things we really wouldn't like to do. Frank, would you like to pick up the answer to that? This is Frank Clark.
John Rowe: I'm going to start and then turn it over to Joe Dominguez, Hugh. I think it is a mix of analysis over many years plus community activism. I'll give you two examples of that. Dominion has quick-cooling towers in the Brayton Point Station in New England, a power plant I watch when I fly to see my mother-in-law, because -- and of course, used to run, and so I pay attention to it. And there, there were long years of studies on what was happening to the Winter Flounder population and what I think is called Mount Hope Bay. And it was sort of the accumulation of those studies over many years that I think motivated both EPA and Dominion and the ultimate settlement. It was also the value of the plant. There were a couple plants there that could support it. Arguably, you would say the same about Oyster Creek. I mean we thought it should run for another 20 years without the towers. But there were a lot of people who had studies of different weight in New Jersey saying there was localized impact in Barnegat Ba0079. And so you had a lot of political pressure surrounding it. So I think what goes on is a mix of science and community pressure, and that affects both state regulation and EPA. But Joe, can you be more wise.
John Rowe: I'd like to add one thing, Hugh. I'm scampering out on a limb now, and all my lawyers will be frightened; I like them that way. But EPA technically does not mix its air and water decisions together. Their different statutes administered by different arms of the agency. But there is an overriding economic issue here, which is EPA and the administration are not going to enforce their regulations in a way that makes 2/3 or 3/4 of the power plants in the country uneconomic. And the real issue I think on water is to get at those that are in the most environmentally sensitive area, and on air, to shut down the oldest, dirtiest and least economic. A very strong case can be made and we have helped hire consultants to do it, then you can replace 20% to 30% of the coal fleet and mostly, it can be picked up easily by existing or new gas fired capacity. But I don't think -- once those numbers get up in the 30%, 35% range, the economic costs become much more challenging. And you put too many things together you start fueling the Tea Party objections to everything EPA is doing. And so I think you see some rough practical balance emerge. And I still think that balance will be good for us.
John Rowe: I’ll do my best and then Chris will fill you in a little more. But we started off with Exelon transmission looking around the whole country to see if we could find and develop a number of big for profit projects. What we found was that the local utilities either want the big projects themselves or don't have much interest in somebody like us coming in and building them. And the odds of getting a lot of them done didn't seem too good. So we sort of narrowed the goals of Exelon transmission. I think its real value add is probably more localized, but we do have one big project, which is the so-called RITE line that we're exploring with AEP, which would be a very big project to carry power east. With that, let Chris flesh it out.
John Rowe: Only God and Frank Clark are able to make estimates as to the time line of the Illinois legislation.
John Rowe: Our real news today is simply that we beat our earnings forecast again, as we have done quarter by quarter through 2010. And we expect to perform equally well in 2011. The important things to remember about Exelon are simple. We continue to have the best upside in the industry by far. How much is in '14, how much is in '15, how much is in '16, your guess is probably as good as ours. But nobody else has the same upside. And the fully regulated with the high market to book ratios will have real challenges keeping that. While you're waiting for that upside, we give you a 5% dividend. It got even safer with the bonus depreciation. We're continuing to add capability through our power uprates. And as we've shown you by beating our own O&M forecast, we continue to have capability to find new ways to save money. We can't manage 2013 and 2014 till we get to them. We won't have any miracles. But what we do have is the ability to constantly hunt both on the revenue side and in the cost side for new opportunities, $1 million at a time or $0.01 a share at a time. Whatever we can find, we continue to hunt. We continue to deliver. I have a wonderful management team around me that shares that junk-yard dog attitude towards money. And that's true when we look at acquisitions. It is also true when we look day-to-day. We'll run our models. You run your models. We will beat our models.
Anne Pramaggiore: We did come through 2010 lower than we had originally expected. What we saw was a drop-off in the fourth quarter, really September through November. We expected a decline in that part of the year but not as dramatically as we saw. And I think our view of that, you have to break it down by class. The large C&I performed very well throughout the year. I think it overall increased at about 2.6%. And we have some sectors that were in, some of our manufacturing sectors, where we saw double digit increases. So I think overall, that sector's strong. Residential underperformed, and small C&I continues to underperform for us. I think we're seeing generally, the Chicago economy lagging what we see nationally. Our foreclosure rates are higher. Repossessions were up 20% over 2009. A personal bankruptcy is up pretty significantly over 2009. Disposable income is not up. So we're just seeing general tough economic trends in our region. And the other dynamic that we think, impacted residential here is we had the hottest July in 15 years. So we had very high bills during the summer. We saw our call center rate increased by about 23%, and that was driven predominantly by customers concerned about high bills. So we may have seen a reaction coming off that hot summer. So that's the way we're interpreting it. We're looking out to 2011 flat, which is we revised. Originally, we thought we were going to see a little pickup in 2011. But based on this trend with the economy in the Chicago region, we're looking to a flat 2011.
Anne Pramaggiore: I think we've also had an adjustment in there based on the bonus depreciation. I think that's the big driver of that adjustment.
Anne Pramaggiore: What you see in the adjustment is predominantly the bonus depreciation adjustment. That's mainly what drove it. What's not in there yet is the Appellate Court ruling. That's still sitting to the, I think, 326 now. So that still includes the roughly $80 million from the Appellate Court ruling on depreciation.
Anne Pramaggiore: We have a project ongoing. Right now, we received our certificate from the Commission. And we're looking to have that major project, building a new substation and some new conductor heading south of the service territory, south of the city, I should say, through our service territory, and that we're targeting completion towards the end of this year.
