Keith Block: Thanks, Marc. Thanks, everybody, for joining us in the call today. As Marc said, we have never been positioned for the future better than we are right now. We delivered strong revenue growth in the quarter and we're seeing great momentum across all of our clouds and all of our industries. In fact, for the first time ever, sales cloud – Service Cloud exceeded $1 billion in revenue for the quarter, becoming our second cloud. That is pretty awesome, right? That is admittedly.
Keith Block: No. It's pretty amazing. So it is becoming our second cloud, as Marc said, to surpass an annual revenue run rate of $4 billion, which is pretty incredible.
Keith Block: Yes, it is. Let's take e-commerce as an example. We were just talking about ASICs. If you are a modern retailer, it's not just about making a storefront anymore, you have to integrate with Pinterest and Instagram, you have to be able to show where your customers are, and that's evolving day by day, week by week, month by month. The MuleSoft team will tell you, MuleSoft is a technology that increases the clock speed of digital transformation. And I think what I hear from the most strategic Chief Digital Officers and CEOs is, their focus isn't just deploying a solution, it's making sure that the pace of integration as a company increases. And I think fundamentally that is more profitable.
Keith Block: For example, in the first quarter, we took a $61 million headwind in revenue alone, for example. We have $200 million that we're looking at as a headwind for this year thus far. And I think the good news is we've got that covered within a plan and -- and little place that we can deliver what we deliver with that.
Keith Block: You can't predict foreign exchange very well, which is hard to – that’s what Marc was suggesting that and I would second that as well….
Keith Block: So, many, many points here. None of us are economists, Mark that we have to anybody in the conference but that being said, I do think we're in an enviable position for the company what's going on with digital transformation around the world. I wish we could return from EMEA and I was with CEOs from financial services institutions of the U.K., France, and Italy and they're all talking about digital transformation and the customer experience and the importance of providing that customer experience and customer loyalty, and providing higher levels of service with our technology. I was also with the CEOs of few retail companies in the U.K. and France and before I left for the United States, and obviously, retail is a challenged market. And these companies are reinventing themselves and the experience they have at least with the CEO with the largest companies in the world, and he's talking about a direct relationship directly with a patient for the drugs that they're bringing to market. And these are things that we couldn't think about two years ago, three years ago, four years ago or consumer packaged goods companies begun with the largest CPG companies in the world, I was sitting here, talking about how that CPG company gets closer to their end consumer and how they can optimize their own retail execution where there's so many possibilities here. And Marc nailed it. I mean the CEO [Indiscernible] has become a Chief Digital Officer, Chief Information Officer and that's why the company keep coming to Salesforce. Because we really are the only company that can provide this capability and this 360-degree view of the customer. This is the Holy Grail. Marc and I have been in this interview for quite a while, this is the Holy Grail for customers, and we're in a great position for them.
Keith Block: Hi, Alex, this is Keith. Why don't I take the question. So look, at the beginning of the fiscal year, we made some adjustments. You know we periodically do that and we do it to take advantage of the market opportunity that support the long-term growth plan that we have that's why we make adjustments. When you think about the endgame here, these decisions are really about getting close to our customers, right? And that is about driving the highest level of our customer success. Any of these adjustments that we made, they are essential, they are important and strategic in fueling our long-term growth which has been exceptional, as we know, at the size and scale. And we are very optimistic about where we are in FY 2020 and the demand that we are seeing in the marketplace and we're excited about where we're going with these adjustments. So we feel strongly about where we are.
Keith Block: Well, this is Keith. Let me answer that. So if you go back to where we are in this modern age with this amazing technology where there is incredible disruption which is really should bring opportunity and we're really in a growth era. When you think about what's important to a CEO besides taking care of their employees, they're thinking about growth. We're not in the age of cut your way to prosperity anymore, that's a 20-year-old phenomenon. This is really about growth. And the most important thing about growth is with the customer in the center of the world and that means Customer 360.  So when we're out there talking with our customers, we're looking for a solution, we're looking for a platform to grow, they want to think about Customer 360. So the way I would think about it is that every CEO has a strategic mission and an obligation to all their stakeholders around growth and success. And it is all about putting that customer in the center of the world. So that's just being that when we were out talking solutions, we will become more strategic, have a deeper relationship with these CEOs and C-suite because we're solving their number one problem. Their number one problem is about growth and putting that customer in the center of the world.  So that is the way I would be thinking about this is that this brings Salesforce through a whole new position in terms of this relationships and deep meaning into the strategic strategy with the customers. We also have this amazing motion going on in the organization. MuleSoft, we have been providing the organization, but then some has worked maybe on single one of our clouds, if you will, the sales cloud, the service cloud, the cloud, integration cloud that Bret was talking about a little bit. And then once you have a new logo, then you have this kind of transactional throughput whereas you go to work and make them a multi-cloud customer or a vertical customer or taking on the vertical applications, how do you see that balance between new logos and existing customers and continuing to build market share.
Marc Benioff: Well, thanks. Let me just check on that just briefly. And I'll tell you right now, we really pivoted our entire company into something that we call Customer 360. It's a pretty hard pivot for our company, and we're so excited about this opportunity, and a lot of it is because of tremendous momentum that we've seen over the last year with MuleSoft. And this idea that what our customers want us to do is to be able to take everything they're doing in regards to their customers. So that is their sales, their service, their marketing, and their journeys, their commerce and their customer engagement systems, apps they're building, APIs that they're building for developers to integrate with those customers. All the analytics, custom applications by industry, the communities, the learning and reskilling systems that I mentioned, and the employee experience as well. And to bring it all together, using all these amazing technologies that you know are becoming so important to us like blockchain, AI, whether it's vision or voice, it's incredible what has happened just in the last two years or three years, put it all on a phone, deliver it all as a programmatic capability, make it secure, and then wrap it all together, put a bow on it and call it Customer 360. And we're the only ones who are really trying to do this. It's kind of interesting because as I meet with customers all over the world, and in this quarter, I've been basically nonstop on the road. I've been in Japan, I've been throughout the United States, I've been through Europe, and Keith as well. And when we basically – come back and go “wow,” this is what all these customers are trying to do and this is really our vision. And what has accelerated it for us, and our ability to execute it and yet it's a hard tidbit for us is MuleSoft because MuleSoft has given us the ability to come into the customers and say we're going to bring in everything you have into that 360. We're not going to be a silo, we're not going to be all about this application that we're building that our platform is giving you the ability to connect all of your systems together into one. And so, so many exciting customer stories around that that I could touch on, but Bret, do you want to just kind of go a little deeper into that vision.
Marc Benioff: And it's amazing you're going to deliver 16,250 for the year but you're still picking up all these foreign exchange. This thing that I appreciate is our predictive business model, it's really something that we talk a lot with our customers about and that really helps us what is a lot or things I think our investors understand.
Marc Benioff: I think that's a really good question. I mean I'll just give you my -- I mean, I'm not an economist. Everyone on the call knows that. I'm just out in the field talking to customers like all of you are. And I've been all over the world the last 90 days and I've talked to hundreds and hundreds of customers face-to-face. And I would say that this is -- we're still in a very strong economy. Maybe this is not 2018 economy, but it's a 2017 economy. I think last year, of course, we have that radical crazy acceleration because of the tax cuts, but there's still a strong buy-in emotion by all these CEOs. But I will say that I think they do all have some anxiety around what's going on with this trade situation. And even in a customer that I was with as early as last week, they -- I think are not very happy with how that could potentially impact them, but I don't see it coming in on the economy right now. Now, we don't do business really in China, so we're not a good company to talk about that kind of trade situation as these trade things don't affect us. We're mostly free of that. But when we look into the customers' eyes, we're always like saying to ourselves, are they buying? Are they investing? And the thing that hits me and this is where I am, and I'm going to -- I'll let Keith talk about this, again, which is that I have just been really impressed with how every CEO and really C-suite that I'm talking to is actually quite obsessed with digital transformation. And I think they all see the tremendous revenue growth opportunities now from these new technologies. Maybe they didn't understand what blockchain was, maybe they didn't understand AI, maybe they didn't understand some of the subtleties of mobility and all of the opportunity, but something is going to change that in the last, I would say, 18 to 24 months. And sitting at this very table that we're at right now, we have the CEO of a very large healthcare company here I guess maybe about two weeks ago, through the demonstration show them, talking to the computer, your artificial intelligence sales understand and talking back to us which was amazing. And then also we use the camera to have a direct artificial intelligence analysis of what was going on in a retail shop which was so cool. And we've demonstrated that before. And now how we integrated into the blockchain where you see the whole transparency of the supply chain was amazing. And of course, we didn’t allow mobile phones, it was secure. And then bam, we had Customer 360. And the CEO was not shocked. They're kind of following along as we got at that level, I think that CEOs have very much become Chief Information Officers or Chief Digital Officer themselves, and we're now rolling into that level of executive. And because of that, I think they really have the ability to transform their companies, in many cases, those visions are not coming from middle managers who are obviously deeply involved, but from the chief executives or C-suite themselves. And if you try to lay back, you can. You're the right person to talk about blockchain by the way.
Marc Benioff: Well, there's many, many companies, I think are in very early days. In fact, if you talk to one of our largest consulting partners, they'll tell you less than 20% of their strategic customers have been engaged in the digital transformation, but there's a lot of room for them in the marketplace. Going back to the first question about MuleSoft, who would've thought that a CEO would be thinking about integration and the importance of data being strategic to their transformation. And that is the value and the beauty of what MuleSoft brings to the table. So, we have an opportunity here again around this digital transformation and one of the beauties of a product like Trailhead and My Trailhead is helping these companies through their transformation and scale them up with modern technology because the modern worker has to have modern skills. And that's what Trailhead and My Trailhead really provide the customers. So we really are coming out with an amazing innovation at the right time to satisfy the needs of these customers [Indiscernible].
Marc Benioff: So thank you for the question. Look, I think you know from our business model, the importance of renewal, that's why customer success is one of our most important values. We have entire organization, the customer success team that is focused on success, but it goes beyond the customer success to admit a cultural thing. I believe amongst the 40,000 employees we wake up every day, having a focused on customer success. So renewals, which are very, very small, and our attrition is excellent. I mean it's unprecedented, particularly for a company of our size and scale. That is obviously an indication with our customer satisfaction. Now we have doubled down in this transformation. We're all making sure that our customer experience is second to none. And what's interesting about that is if companies become a large companies of our size, they forget they are focused on the consumer. This is a company Salesforce that since day one, we’ve benefited to driving successful customers. And a lot of companies along the way, they just loose their focus on the customer. And we have doubled down and renewed our focus on the customer. And again, part of that is renewals. But it really is about providing an incredible experience, a seamless experience at every single touch point that the customer have. And that's why Gartner recently recognized Salesforce as an incredibly strong company as it relates to customer experience, giving us that recognition. They know what's going on the marketplace. And it's -- because it's part of our culture, we're dedicating ourselves to it and we're not going to lose who we're, whereas other companies have made that strategic mistake along the way.
Marc Benioff: Mark, I think the main word I am thinking is stakeholder. When you think about what it means to provide a Customer 360 now surrounding everyone engages with your customers with the right information. It might be a pharmacist, it might be a doctor, it might be a gate agent, it might be someone, a the customer service agent talking on the phone with your customer and we really even make sure we're serving every stakeholder that makes up that Customer 360 which is why the employee is a key constituency in providing us. But to me, it doesn't really deter from that those become the customerswhether it's helping you unlock your data for that Customer 360 through MuleSoft or enabling your employees with Quip and Trailhead, it’s all about enabling this digital transformation to start presenting to the customer.
Marc Benioff: So this would be like national privacy laws which speak nationally state-by-state California is the first …
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that's just an awesome vision. I don't think anything would accelerate our Customer 360 vision more than having that in the United States as Europe. Thank you for that.
Marc Benioff: Well, we do have a new logo motion as well as an install base motion, they're both very, very healthy and continue to be a focus area for us. But at the end of the day, we're here to solve these customer solutions and drive success for them. And that means we position the right solution at the right time which may be a particular product or maybe a whole transformation.
Bret Taylor: Yes. I mean, it's actually a great time. We just had our TrailheaDX Developer Conference in San Francisco last week, and MuleSoft was really highlighted. One of the stories that was on stage, and the keynote ASICs, they really capture that vision of Customer 360 that Marc was talking about. In that story, we were just talking about that ASICs was building their mobile app and their e-commerce experience, and as Marc said, [indiscernible] customer 360, so every ASICs customer has a personalized one-to-one experience. It wasn't just about our technology, it was about the order management system, the on-premise systems, the legacy systems, and all that data is trapped. And if you talk to the CEOs who are trying to do these digital transformations, they are trying to create those next-generation customer experiences to integrate with smart watches and smart speakers and smart TVs and smart thermostats. Their barrier is the legacy systems that are data trapped in legacy systems and MuleSoft has been such an accelerator for that vision technologically, which is why if you walked around the floor in TrailheaDX last week, MuleSoft was on everyone's mind. We launched this product called MuleSoft Community Manager, which enables companies create ecosystems around their APIs. APIs are becoming the lingua franca of how companies communicate with each other, and you can see really the convergence of our technologies and our Community Cloud and the API orientation of MuleSoft I think really transforms the way companies are thinking about the data and thinking about integration strategically.
Bret Taylor: Yeah, I'll bring up this TrailheaDX conference because I think, Keith is talking about is really came out strong at that event. One of the women that we highlighted in this event was a woman named Angela Mahoney, she runs a certain vision called RAD Women which it’s her condition to train women to become experts on the Salesforce technology in just 10 weeks and get them into the Salesforce ecosystem. This is entirely done by independent organizations who are just trying to help people with this, big problem of workforce development and empower people to get into the technology ecosystem. And what's incredible about it, at the end of this conference, we still need to bring into I think 100 something cities, but that wasn't us, what we did is, we put all of our content in a box and our ecosystem, our community is going to put on these events because they want to spread the word about the opportunity of this technology and the opportunities at Trailhead. That's exactly Bellini mentioned in her question, which is our community is spreading the word on our behalf because there's so much opportunity on the other side. It all comes from the completely ablative view, so we really think the Trailhead is one of the most significant differentiators of our platform. Our community is helping to teach other people about native technologies. It is also helping us with findings of our result that are helping I think a lot more members of our society benefit from the economic case of technology which is incredible opportunity for the world.
Bret Taylor: Yes. Whether you're in the airline industry or the hotel industry or the retail industry, the most important thing is you're empowering your employees for really touching the customer community and the customers provide that Customer 360. And really the words that I hear, time and time again, from CEOs is around enablement. How do I help my employees through this transformation, this digital transformation of technology and it's not just about the technology, it's about the human beings going through that change. So that's why we have things like myTrailhead, which speaks of learning platform that Keith and Marc talked about. They enabled something that you did for your own transformation. That's why Quip for Salesforce which is embedding productivity and collaboration into every single one of our products. And we think it's so important really to focus on this trailblazing employee and not just the technology and have enablement strategic capability of our platform.
