Marc Benioff: Well, thanks very much for that question. An area where I spent a lot of my time, initially say how I look at this, strategically. number one, Salesforce is now the number one CRM Company in the world. I mentioned that in the script, and that’s an incredible accomplishment for the company. And for us to continue to be number one in CRM world, it means that we have to be number one in three main areas. One, we have to be number one in sales, which we are, and if you can see the new Gartner Magic Quadrant in sales it’s clear as they were number one. And it’s not any clear, and then if you get the new Magic Quadrant for our customer service and then support and customer engagement that just came out about a week or two ago now. It’s credible market in customer support. we’re number one in service. And that has been an incredible journey, it’s been a fight, it’s been tremendous accomplishment, and especially gratifying when we saw SAP got pushed into the challenge of Quadrant, as we assume this strong position in the Leader Quadrant. And that’s very important to us. so, number one in sales, number one in service. And that’s true in revenue, that’s true in market share, and that’s true in feature functionality. Now, marketing is an area that we’ve recently entered into, as you know. and it’s not really an area that we’ve gone through into organically or grow our own development, but we’ve acquired our way into marketing, first by purchasing Radian6 and then by buying Buddy Media. Buddy Media had purchased just before, we bought them Brighter Option, which we then have rebuilt and now relaunched as Social.com. And by no means, are we number one in revenue, in marketing. This is the year-over-year marketing revenue well enter its nine digits for the first time and but it’s not a $1 billion cloud yet. It’s a $100 million plus cloud and our goal is to be number one in marketing, but we realize that to be number one in marketing, we’re going to have to achieve more than $1 billion in revenue in that cloud and these not just number one in listening, not just number one in publishing, not just number one in social advertising but in a number of other key areas as well, I’m strategically, I believe that this is very important to the company and so, I’ve been spending a lot of my time, looking at this and we, you’re going to see us experiment and try things and innovate in as you saw in acquisition which you’ve seen us doing last two years, in pricing like you’re seeing with Social.com, in features and functionality, in position and messaging like we’ve seen us evolved into the customer company messaging. And what that has meant to our customers is they’re looking to us more and more and I advised you to the customer company tour, presentations, you can meet these customers and validate this but they look to us to help them understand how to connect with their customers in this kind of incredible new way. And our goal is to be the trusted advisor and to do that, it means that we’re going to have to deliver world-class market functionality, we’re focused on that, we’re excited about that, not just in B2B, but in B2C as well and what you’re seeing in those changes or in those pricing that you’re asking about Brent is our innovative and ideas and experiments as we move from $100 million business in marketing, $1 billion plus business.
Marc Benioff: Yes. There are – the way to look at this business, which we call the Salesforce platform, is the following way. First of all, where our customers were buying our sales or service or marketing products they’re extending those products with applications that are customer centric and they are customizing, they are enhancing, they’re configuring using the Salesforce platform, which includes Force.com, which includes our APIs, which includes Heroku, which includes Site.com, our website capability, which includes our app exchange where we have approximately 2,000 applications in there. And that stuff, they are extending and complementing the work they have done with sales, service and marketing. Step two is, a lot of those companies are building their unique custom applications. And those applications are the applications that they need, the apps that they need to run their business. Used to be back in the day, the big companies by Sequel Server, Visual Basic Powerbuilder, sequel forms whatever it was to basically do structured and unstructured data management, and have rapid application development capability. We see those customers turning to our platform to get that same kind of capability rapidly. And we’re very excited about the growth of that brings us, the stickiness that brings us with the customer by starting to manage their metadata, not just the data and delivering those next-generation apps. And three, the AppExchange, you’ve seen a number of really great ISV’s converge on our AppExchange, many of them who are building natively on our platform. And these app, application companies, I mean just great, great, great companies some that are even going public now, I’m sure you know, with native apps. And we could be more excited for them. And we’re continuing to grow and also partner from a revenue and go-to-market perspective with a lot of those companies. And we have a whole Salesforce dedicated to selling to ISV’s, to help them unify with our platform and to go-to-market to our customers. And as these three things together that are working really well with the platform. The extending and complementing the CRM capabilities, building entirely new apps and a traditional app dev space, route space. And three, a platform for independent software to the vendors to build their own applications to target our customers or their own customers or to the big industries. And if these three things have their together then you hear, for some of these what might look like very small companies riding us extraordinary checks as you said, but it’s really because we become partners with them, much in a way that we are partners by the way was our key software vendors. Of course, companies provide us core technology that we write very large text to like Dell, or like Cisco, or like EMC, or especially Oracle, where it’s very important for us to have a strategic relationship with them. They were writing significant checks to them for their licensing, and then it’s a very important part of our business. You’ve seen that now 14 years of business we wouldn’t be in business without those relationships with those vendors providing us our technology and in the same way that they fuel us and we write them the checks. Those ISVs then write big checks back to us. So, it’s very much a symbiotic relationship between us and those customers or between us and our core vendors. And our job is that rising feel will raise all boats and that’s the economy that you’re getting feedback on today. 
Marc Benioff: Well, I’ve got two words for you which is transaction volumes. And I think that you see that with Salesforce, we make public, as you know. In nauseam, we’ve talked about this. I don’t got a revelation anybody on this call or in this room that we publish our transaction rates every single day. But the reason that you don’t see other vendors provide their transaction numbers is because they’re actually quite low. Now, when we publish a transaction number, that’s a complex transaction; it’s a complex transaction that we deliver. You saw that in the first quarter, we delivered 78.7 billion transactions in the quarter. And if you think about other cloud providers, who else is telling you how many complex transactions. Now, when I talk about a transaction, what I mean is as defined by the late Jim Gray who basically define in transaction as a complete unit of work in the computing model and the ability to not only to commit that transaction, which is a technical term, but also to be able to roll back that transaction into unit work. And we’re reporting that transaction number and we’ve done that for quite a few years. I think that you can determine the value that a company is placing on its customers by the amount of data that it holds the amount of metadata that it holds and that is reflected most accurately in the number of transactions. The transaction number is really the sum of all capabilities of the system and saying we’ve delivered when we are on our way to delivering more than a 100 billion transactions in the quarter. Okay, what’s another one that we follow closely tweets the way that really judge the success of Twitter is, of course, when they had a great quarter, I think it was almost $300 million for the quarter, they are a great customer of Salesforce to keep our eye on Twitter, and how do we manage Twitter, say transactions, we look at their transaction number how many tweets are happening in for Twitter. And in the same way, you can really look and you can track and graphing is quite analytical Salesforce’s transaction number over a period of time. So I will look to that and what I’ve seen is, I continue to come back to an amount with customers constantly that’s my job. This week I was in New York with dozens of customers and working with one of our – working with Bank of America’s, one of our largest customers on their next generation. Systems are and it’s all about their customer, you’re following the customer and how do you – the path of organic growth for our customers is the work with their customers. And that’s why we’re right in the heart of all these companies’ business. We want to help them grow their revenue. We want to help them grow their top line, and the way we are going to do that is by helping them optimize their sales, service, and marketing capabilities grow their channels, and as we do that, it’s reflected in the transaction numbers. So look, what is my call to arms? My call to arms is for all cloud ISVs to publish their transaction number on a quarterly basis just as we do, because it will give you more prospective on the stickiness and the intimacy and the integrity between the vendor and the customer. I hope that answers your question.
Marc Benioff: Well, I of course, I’ll talk about Rypple, which is now known as Work.com and if you haven’t seen the new version of Work.com, it’s phenomenal. We’ve owned the company I think for just a little bit over a year now, a couple of incredible founders that joined our company from that company with Daniel Debow and David Stein. And under the leadership of a tremendous executive in our industry, John Wookey here at Salesforce who is running that capability, as well as our GoInstant acquisition, which is also another phenomenal story underway. but in the case of these small acquisitions that we’re doing like Rypple, like GoInstant and others, a lot of these are, what we are – acquisitions that we’re going to acquire talent and it’s a kind of extend and complement our capability. The one that we really kicked all this off with was Jigsaw. You probably remember when we bought Jigsaw for about $150 million and I don’t remember the exact amount. It’s not in front of me obviously at the table. And of course we’ve worked on that. We evolve the team. We evolve the products and the technology. We loosely coupled it into our architecture. We’ve rebranded in Data.com. And what this year Data.com had a phenomenal quarter they’re probably going to – I think they’re going to do more than $100 million this year. It’s pretty exciting or approximately that. They’re well on their way to doing that. And it’s a great success story here at Salesforce and it’s a commitment. I have to tell you we’re in quarter one or quarter two or even quarter five or six after buying a small company that’s not when we’re looking at is this a success or is this a failure. We want to get down the road, the year three or year four and that’s really when we can really judge it. In our industry, people always overestimating what you can do in a year and they’re underestimating what you can do in a decade and that is really true in these kind of technology acquisitions that we make. Now don’t make any mistakes, these are high risk moves when we buy a small company, there is a high risk that it’s going to fail and exceed. We have to keep these founders in the boat and it’s complex. But I’ll tell you that we’ve had a lot of great success and other great success in addition to Work.com, which is Rypple in addition to Data.com which was Jigsaw is the company called Heroku. And Heroku has also had some incredible growth rate. It hasn’t gotten yet to $100 million in revenue. We bought the company approximately 2.5 years ago for about $200 million to $250 million. It’s a phenomenal piece of technology and they have just done a great, great job at Heroku, it’s really become a great standard in the industry, it’s huge extension to our platform and gave a lot of confidence to our customers that we’re in the platform area. In the same way getting back to your original question, Work.com has become a tremendous performance in productivity enhancer to our sales application. And we see customers who are buying the sales cloud look to Work.com as a way to motivate and align and compensate their sales organizations. And you will see in the new version of Salesforce. This summer I’m not going to tip my hat too much, but the deep integration of Work.com into that next gen sales application. We’ve already seen us include some components of Work.com in the current vision of Salesforce and some customers have been able to deploy that. But soon all customers will be able to and it’s given us a great vision for the future of our company, and I couldn’t be more thrilled to have that group with us. They’re based in Toronto, Canada, and they’re doing a fantastic job. We want to keep them going fueled, and exciting. Thank you.
Marc Benioff: Okay, yes, I will do that. As you know, Salesforce.com has not focused on the U.S. Government as a major opportunity over the last 14 years. We’ve been too emerged and amassed really in the commercial markets. It just has not been a major focus for us. A couple of years ago, we started to get much more excited about that opportunity and we really looked at how would we start to build and expand our capabilities. What we realized was that that would require us to do a couple of things; one, bring in new leadership to focus on not only the U.S. government but also the global government opportunity, which includes the Japan government or the U.K. government et cetera, as well as a new technology capability which would be to build the government, we call it government pod; that is, to build a pod that is a special version of our product that would be accessible only to the government, and that would allow critical agencies that we saw becoming interested in our technology like the GSA for example or others to become more invested in using our technology. We also had to bring in a new set of leadership and we hired Vivek Kundra who is our Executive Vice President of our Global Government business unit and he is based in Washington D.C. In addition to that, in addition to focusing upon building a new technology platform in addition to focusing on that next-generation leadership, we also recognized we had to spend a lot more time with the government and also do more marketing events in Washington D.C. And just as an example, yesterday, we had more than 2,000 customers attend our Washington D.C. program. Now, in addition to that, you may know that about 60 days ago, I also personally led a program in Washington D.C. myself which was a sub-1,000 seminar focused on government agencies as well. Now, these are primarily federal agencies; this is not – this does not also include our work in cities and also in states or in foreign governments. Overall, we see that as a tremendous opportunity for growth and we’re continuing to invest there. And as you know, it’s a long process, but we’re very excited by our work in a number of agencies, in a number of states, in a number of cities and we’ll be doing more to communicate that progress and success stories in the future. It’s wide-ranging from automating the GSA, which is the government’s determining arm to 311 call centers in a number of cities around the country to foreign governments, and I think a great example is Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry that we talked about today with METI and what’s going on in Japan. So all of those things together make us very optimistic about our work with the government in the future, and I do think that the government is ready to go to the cloud.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think it’s a great question, and I’ll tell you that I am not ready to spill the beans which I’m very good at doing. What I’ll tell you is that the world is changing faster than ever and in our industry it’s no different. And you can really see it by what users are carrying with them when they even travel. I used to always have my laptop with me when I traveled, but now I mostly just have my phone. And that’s amazing to me. And I switch off between an iPhone and an Android device probably like a lot of people. Sometimes I have both with me. LTE networks have really changed this device performance everywhere I go in the world. And the phones are actually quite a bit bigger than they were just a couple of years ago, and I have seen some of the new phones that are coming, and they’re all starting to stretch a little bit more towards the iPad. I think that that is a very unusual and interesting change in our industry. It’s subtle, but it is seminal. And the reason why it’s seminal is, because it’s not the focus of the enterprise that all of a sudden I feel there like go in the pocket of my jacket and run my whole company, but that’s really my focus. My focus is and really has been that in the shift to mobility, which is way bigger than tablets and just phone – the billions and billions of devices are phones. In the world of social, which is billions of users in the social world and the world of next-generation Big Data, which is a lot about the APIs that are coming out of all these systems that we have to reconceptualize what does it mean to manage and build and create compelling enterprise software. The things that we were building when we started our company, we said hey, why are all enterprise apps not like Amazon? In 2010, we started to ask the question why our enterprise apps not like Facebook? Now, that was about a decade, but I can tell you that by the time that we get to – by the time that we get to Dreamforce, we have to build ask that same question. But in the same way that Facebook has reconceptualized their company and they run entirely on the phone. And they have these great new phone apps, which I use every day or Twitter – Twitter is another great example of phone apps. We have to be at that same level of acuity and excellence in that environment, not just for our fixed apps but in the ability to build and deliver custom apps, like I just referenced with some of these big customers. And this transformation or kind of the re-platforming – we’ve already re-platformed successfully a couple of times in the company, but I strongly believe we have to re-platform again in today’s world. I don’t see the competitors doing that honestly. And I really think that we have to do it again and we’re going to have to get ready to do it again because the market is changing. And it’s exciting and I think it’s getting bigger. I think our ability to reach more users is out there, and we want to build or provide a broader solution that’s agnostic across all operating systems and devices. That becomes the dominant applications that our customers use to manage their businesses. To back to Heather’s point that we want to have all of those apps right there in the palm of your hand and I think that we’ve got it figured out and I think we’re imminently ready to deliver the next-generation of our platform and our capabilities. Shinal we probably have time for about two more questions.
Marc Benioff: Great. Well, thanks everyone and thanks for joining us today. Just encourage you all again to register for Dreamforce, do that early and we look forward to updating you in August. Thanks very much.
Graham Smith: Sure. There’s a couple of things. I think firstly, in Q1 last year, you’ll recall that we signed a largest deal in the company’s history that was signed in Q1 that added a big boost to the off-balance sheet, because it’s multiyear agreement. And also, we renewed one of our largest customers Japan Post for several years, and that’s also I think top five customers worldwide, and so those two transactions in the first quarter of last year made it kind of a tough comp. And then secondly, I think over the last few years, we’ve seen extension of our average contract length. We talked about that on our fourth quarter call that our average contract length is now just over two years, and at some point that the pace of that contract extension length will slow, and so that will provide a bit of a drag on that off-balance-sheet but it is still a very healthy growth rate of the tough comp. So we were happy with the number.
Graham Smith: It’s about the same, it’s about $8 million on our revenue numbers, so it basically got the same 90 point impact on, its recorded in cost of sales, so it was in the gross margin number and it was also obviously in the operating margin number.
Graham Smith: Well I think we still have some comparison issues with Q1 and Q4 of the previous year, where we had sort of really, really spectacular large transactions closing that drove very high commission payments to sales teams that were involved in those transactions and clearly we have a strong fourth quarter here but we didn’t have some of these marquee transactions that really drive the big, big commission checks. So I mean other than that, we haven’t I would say year-over-year growth in terms of hiring is a bit slower this year versus the previous year but we haven’t changed the comp plans particularly or anything like that. So I think it’s really the profile and the distribution of the transactions that creates a lot of that change.
Graham Smith: So Raimo, I think we have highlighted that on previous calls that in spite the fact that we obviously have some very large, very successful customers in Japan. Generally that market has been quite tough for us, over the last couple of years particularly in the enterprise. I think small businesses continue to kind of move along very nicely but enterprise in Japan has been slow and of course that takes time to kind of feed through into our revenue numbers. Now you are seeing obviously a different approach to managing the Japanese economy. We will be there next week for a customer company tour and I think our sales team over feel much more excited about the prospects for large enterprise transaction this year but it’s primarily Japan that is affecting that revenue growth number, the rest of Asia, which is sort of Australia, New Zealand and ASEAN has been relatively consistent performer over the last few years.
