Mark Hawkins: Thanks, Keith. I'm really pleased with our first quarter results. We continued strong top line and bottom line growth and our record operating cash flow in the quarter. Revenue grew 25% in both dollars and constant currency, excluding a year-over-year FX headwind of approximately $11 million.  Sequentially, we benefited from an FX tailwind of approximately $15 million. Each of our clouds demonstrated strong revenue growth in the quarter as Sales Cloud grew 14%, Service Cloud grew 21%, Platform and Other grew 32% and Marketing Cloud, excluding Demandware, now Commerce Cloud grew 32%. The Commerce Cloud started FY '18 very strong, contributing $57 million in total revenue and with $46 million in subscription and support revenue.  Dollar attrition in the first quarter, excluding Marketing Cloud and other acquired businesses, remained below 9%. As you know, our fourth quarter is our largest new business from renewals quarter and Q1 is our largest cash collection quarter. And as a result, we delivered a record operating cash flow in the first quarter of $1.23 billion, up 17% over last year. This is more operating cash flow than we delivered in all of FY '15. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at $5.04 billion, up 26% in dollars and 27% in constant currency, excluding an FX headwind of $21 million. On a sequential basis, deferred revenue benefited from an FX tailwind of $41 million. Commerce Cloud contributed $50 million to deferred revenue in Q1, up from $49 million in Q4.  Moving on to guidance. With strong results to start our fiscal year, we're very pleased to be raising our full year FY '18 revenue guidance to $100 million to $10.25 billion to $10.3 billion or 22% to 23% growth year-over-year. This guidance includes approximately $50 million to $100 million of FX headwind. And we're also raising our FY '18 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance to $1.28 to $1.30.  Please keep in mind that Dreamforce is in Q4 this year versus Q3 last year. And as you update your models for the second half, we anticipate slightly more EPS to come in the third quarter than in the fourth. We continue to expect to deliver 125 to 150 basis points of non-GAAP operating margin improvement in FY '18, our fourth consecutive year of improvement.  We're also maintaining our full year operating cash flow guidance of 20% to 21% year-over-year. For Q2, we're expecting revenue of $2.51 billion to $2.52 billion, non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.31 to $0.32 and year-over-year deferred revenue growth of approximately 22%. This deferred revenue guide reflects the increasing seasonality that we've discussed over the last several years.  Before I close, let me give you a quick update on our future adoption of the new revenue standard ASC 606 starting in Q1 of next year. We will adopt this using a full retrospective method, which will result in recasting our results in FY '17 and FY '18. We're on track with the preparations to address the accounting changes.  Regarding commissions, we anticipate capitalizing more selling-related cost, and our amortization of these costs will be over the customer life rather than the contract term. While we expect to increase our disclosures for revenue backlog, deferred revenue and other customer contract information, we have not yet quantified the impact to revenue. However, we do not expect these changes to have any impact on our operating cash flow results upon adoption in FY '19. All these changes are required under the new standard. We plan to provide you with a thorough review of these changes and the anticipated accounting impact later this year. So to wrap up, our first quarter results position us well for another year of strong financial performance. I'd like to thank all of our employees, customers, partners and our stockholders for their continued support. And with that, we'll open the call for questions. 
Mark Hawkins: Sure. Thank you, Karl, and good to speak. Remember last year, Karl, one of the things that we called out is that we had the benefit of a leap year. And while that washes out for the year, what that does is has a material 25 -- $20 million to $25 million in revenue impact in Q1 from that standpoint. And so when you -- that's one thing that you would consider. The second thing, Karl, as a reminder, is that we still haven't annualized the full integration costs that we're doing right now for some of the work with our major acquisitions, including Demandware and a few others. And so that obviously has a little bit of a front-end impact. But when you look at those 2, that explains a little bit of the topography as you look quarter by quarter. Of course, for the full year, as we talked about, our operating margin, 125 to 150 is intact. It's consistent with our framework and it's on a higher revenue basis obviously. Therefore, we raised the -- also the EPS for the year. So I think we're in good shape on that but hopefully, that gives you a sense there. Number two is on research and development, Karl. One of the things that we want to call out is we've been having a group of people, as you know, as we've been going into industries, we started industries, trying to talk the language of industries and with a really huge go-to-market focus. And now -- we're now starting to move some of our industry resources into the product development side. And so there's a bit of a reclass of moving some of our resources and shifting those into R&D. So in total, it's just a movement between line items, but we're in good shape overall, and that's what's happening in Q1 in those 2 items. 
Mark Hawkins: Yes. In fact, just we concur, we don't, but I totally agree with your points there. I would add, Samad, that this is, as you know, is an exciting offering our Platform app grew 31%. It's another $1 billion, $1.5 billion cloud that's growing and rapidly towards $2 billion. So it's an exciting thing. And I think this change, Keith, is just simply part of amplifying the opportunity for our customers. So that would be the net of it. 
Mark Hawkins: Sure, I'd love to add, and Marc, I was going to touch on international that you just covered as well. But I think the thing, Marc, that strikes me and some other really -- rather Raimo, I really appreciate when you teed up that question about going from $10 billion to $20 billion because it's talking about doubling the company and how do we think about doing that. Well, one of the things that helps us is we're used to thinking about doing that, we just doubled the company in the last 3 years, and we've been thinking a lot about laying the groundwork to make that happen and that's been a reality. So we obviously extended our planning to do it again. And I think that's one key thing. But the thing that really strikes me when we talk about that is obviously, it starts out with all the innovations and the offerings to make our customers successful to drive our top line, and we're getting that top line growth. You can see the market share progress. But what's hard to do is to get that kind of progress and success with the customer and the market share, Marc, and the operating margin that we talked about and the cash flow we're delivering all of that currently, and we're certainly planning to do that in the long-range plan. 
Keith Block: Okay, Kash, it's Keith. So you alluded to the progress that we're making in the government. We have made an incredible amount of progress with our focus on the government business, the public sector business here. We had a big announcement in the quarter of IL4, which obviously is making a difference for us. We've expanded our relationship in the quarter with the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Army. So we see that as a huge opportunity as the government really focuses on trying to modernize and transform their business and their organization, their technology. So there's a lot of potential there in the quarter. As I mentioned, we had a significant win with the state of Florida. And we did some incredible work in 311 for one of the largest cities. So stay tuned on that. For one of the cities -- largest cities in the country that we all know and love. So again, this industry's strategy is really, really paying off for us, not just in our go-to-market strategy but as Mark Hawkins alluded to in our orientation of our product set. As you know, last year, we released the Financial Services Cloud and the Health Cloud with the acquisition of Krux and Demandware, now Commerce Cloud. We have a widely compelling B2C story. Ralph Lauren is an incredible story and the company that is going through a lot of transformation, and they're leveraging us as the growth platform for B2C. So we just see tremendous opportunity and tremendous upside, and we continue to focus on speaking the language of the customer, leveraging our platform, growing our partner ecosystem and investing our assets in driving solutions for customers in specific industries. 
Keith Block: Well, let me -- Alex, it's Keith. Let me take a swing at this. So obviously, we have a very balanced portfolio of business, whether it's our large deals or small deals, whether it's our industries or geographies or segments. We've highlighted a couple of these very large transactions because we're particularly proud of the fact that these are 2 of the largest transactions that we've done in the history of the company. And when you think about the compelling reason why these companies are undertaking these transactions and establishing these relationships, at the end of the day, the CEOs of these companies are very forward-thinking CEOs. And they want to bring their companies into this age of digital transformation, and they have an imperative for growth, and they believe strongly that we are the only technology platform out there that will enable that growth. So that would be point number one. Point number two is that once we've established this relationship and they start to get more and more value as a company, as you know, we continue to innovate. And as we bring new innovations to the table, like Quote-to-Cash or SteelBrick like Marc was talking about, that allows us to go back into those large customers and bring new points of innovation to them. So that huge deal or those large deals really create a platform and an opportunity for us to innovate and continue to attach. That's a big part of our strategy. Obviously, from a percentage of IT spend, if you look at where the market is going, IDC has a study out that says that the largest category of enterprise software by 2020 will be CRM and the fastest growing. And if you look at our results, we're growing at significantly more than that rate of market, so that means we're taking market share, which means we're taking wallet share and that means obviously, we're taking -- which translates to IT budgets. And it translates into the mind share of our CEOs that we're trying to do business with. So we have a compelling offering. We're driving the market. We're taking share from our competition. We've got the mind share with the CEOs of these companies, and that just translates into higher penetration rates from IT budgets. 
Keith Block: Yes, I think it's kind of an interesting statistic that we talk at the board level is if you look at the top 10 companies and the barrier to get into what we referred to as the top 10 club. If you look at what that barrier was 4 years ago and then you fast forward to where we are today, particularly at the end of this first quarter, to get into that top 10, you'd have to be spending more than 2.5x what you did before 4 years ago. So we have not only grown these relationships, but we also have new members into this, what we call the top 10 clubs. So again, it's an indication that these companies are adopting our technology and they're transforming our business. 
Keith Block: There's no question that there is a laser focus on digital transformation by the CEOs of these organizations. And when you think about the evolution of our company, we have a strategy that we refer to as seeding growth, where we initially penetrate and we drive value, typically, with Sales Cloud. So this reacceleration of Sales Cloud is obviously a great thing. And then once we drive success for those customers, as Marc was talking about, then we're able to say, "Okay, now the walls between sales, service and marketing are coming down." So now we have an opportunity to provide a 360-degree view of the customer with service and with marketing. And take that now one step further, as we've moved from systems of record to systems of engagement to now systems of intelligence. And that's where Einstein, which we're all very excited about and customers are excited about comes into play. So it's an expansion of our capabilities and our opportunity to drive transformation with these customers. 
Keith Block: Well, interestingly enough, I just returned from Australia a couple of days ago. And there is a great deal of excitement about our Australian data center and a great deal of excitement about our partnership with AWS. And this is something that as a company on the -- for the benefit of our customers, it's kind of a big deal strategically for us. And obviously, it's a big deal for our customers. It's something that we're excited about. 
Keith Block: Kirk, thanks for the question. So let me address the first one then actually, our President and General Counsel is in the room, so we're going to let her talk about the second part. So obviously, we did have another great quarter in EMEA. It's part of our growth strategy around international expansion. And look, at the end of the day, we honestly, we see opportunity everywhere, whether it's in the U.S. or whether it's internationally. And it really is coming back to this notion of CEOs embracing this concept of digital transformation. I spent some time in Europe about a month ago, and I'll give you 2 examples. One is with the CEO of one of the largest consumer banks in the world who is looking at how does he embrace our technology, how does he embrace Einstein to drive digital transformation inside the consumer bank? And it is very real. And financial services, as you know, it's an imperative because there's an incredible amount of disruption that's going on. Another example, I was with our President of EMEA, Miguel Milano, we went -- took a day trip up to Finland to meet with the CEO of Koenig. And this is a company that we would think as they are an elevator company. They are an escalator company, but the way that they view themselves is they're not really a B2B company, they're a B2C company. They move 1 billion people every single day and that's how they view themselves. So they want to go through a digital transformation to drive service because everything in their world is about service. And they're leveraging all of our technology, they're leveraging Sales and Service and Marketing and Einstein to make predictive insights about their customers' behavior and optimizing how they could move to these machines, these escalators and these elevators to optimize the experience for the consumer. So there is a ton of opportunity. I actually think it's limitless. It is bound only by the imagination of what you can do with this technology. And in Europe, I find that the industrial manufacturers are actually quite progressive in their thinking. You find financial services institutions all over the world that are very progressive. AMP in Australia, the wealth manager, many of the financial services institutions that we've talked about here in the United States, the example I just gave you about the consumer bank over in Europe. But in terms of the manufacturing sector, EMEA is very, very progressive in terms of embracing digital transformation. And by the way, we see that at The World Economic Forum every year in Davos. Regarding your second question, I'm going to turn that over to Amy Weaver and she can give us a little bit of an update on that. 
Keith Block: This is Keith. Let me try to address that as best as I can. Look, at the end of the day, we think we have the most compelling platform in the marketplace. I gave the example of Quintiles IMS who's building a mission-critical application. Clinical trial application, it's pretty serious stuff and they're going to be building that on top of our platform. Great example of an ISV. Another example obviously is Accenture. Vlocity, I mean, there's a roster that we've given here. And we want to drive proliferation and usage and adoption in the marketplace, and we want to make sure they're [ going to use ] price to value, and that's why we made an announcement in New York and also why we made the announcement around our fund, which we're very, very excited about to be able to invest in these ISVs. As far as breakout of ISVs, revenue and ACV and all that stuff, we don't disclose that. Mark Hawkins, I don't know, if you want to... 
Marc Benioff: Well, Sales Cloud has become one of the largest products not just at Salesforce, but in the entire software industry, and it has far exceeded our expectations. And as you can see, as Salesforce, Sales Cloud specifically kind of heads towards that, these kind of incredible revenue levels, I think Sales Cloud has really accelerated because we kind of have a -- had a breakthrough in how we think about Sales Cloud and the ability to grow that revenue stream. And that you saw with our acquisition, for example, of SteelBrick. When we acquired SteelBrick, it also gave us the ability then to extend Sales Cloud with CPQ-type functionality, which just -- was something that we did not have previous to that, previous to the acquisition, and we're able to organically grow the product. And that has been a big revelation for us as we look to all the options and all the things that our Sales Cloud customers need that previously we didn't have. And in addition to that, we continue to close very large new Sales Cloud licenses. I mentioned Visa, for example, which went wall to wall with Sales Cloud this year. But there's been so many other exciting Sales Cloud customers, as you know. And as Keith mentioned, combined with the vertical strategy, it's really opened up all these new opportunities. I think, a great example is financial services where we have the Wealth Cloud, which is built, of course, on the Sales Cloud. And now, 9 out of the 10 largest financial institutions of the world are using Sales Cloud and Wealth Cloud to manage their wealth advisory firms. That's pretty cool and another example where we're growing Sales Cloud. So we take this very, very seriously that when we look at Sales Cloud and Service Cloud, which are huge products, 2 of the biggest products in the software industry and 2 of our biggest products, we want to continue their strong organic growth. And we have been able to put together a whole portfolio of strategies to do that. And it's working. And I hope that it will continue to work and we're trying to do a lot of cool things this year to make that happen. And I think that we look and talk to Alex or you talk to Keith or I, we're extremely aligned on this breakthrough and we're executing it. 
Marc Benioff: Yes. And I think at Salesforce, we really strongly believe that the enemy of my enemy is my friend, and I think that makes Amazon Web Services our best friend. 
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that is really the big question right now here at Salesforce so I appreciate you asking that. And I'll give you an example. I was in Las Vegas yesterday. We had thousands of customers down there. Simultaneously, we had thousands of customers at our London world tour, which is just, in my mind, a major accomplishment for Salesforce for running 2 multi-thousand person events concurrently in 2 different parts of the world. And when I was down in Las Vegas, I was meeting with a very large manufacturer of furniture who has not done a lot of automation. It's a huge company with tens of thousands of employees. And they are both a B2B company, where they are building their furniture, designing their furniture, creating their furniture and they're selling it to partners and they're selling to the resellers, and they're selling it online to different vendors, and their B2C company, they have their own stores and they also do their own online. And they're like, "We are looking for an opportunity to digitally transform our company. And honestly, we have -- we're not the state-of-the-art, and we need a B2B and a B2C transformation. Can you help us?" And I said, "Honestly, I think Salesforce is the only company today who can work with a company like that and be able to come in with a full range of capability, technology, services, relationships, partnerships and say we can transform you whether you're B2B or B2C or both. And it was the first time that a customer actually ever came up to me and said, "I'm B2C and I'm B2B." And it was really very powerful to kind of hear that because I -- it's how we're starting to think a lot at Salesforce, which is, of course, we have this incredible -- we're #1 in B2B. Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, you know the numbers. Marketing Cloud, Pardot, I mean, it's incredible, the Platform, Application Platform as a Service. And now you saw the IDC numbers we're #1 in B2C with the Marketing Cloud, which is incredible. And this is a big, big deal in Commerce Cloud with our digital marketing platform that we introduced yesterday, which is so incredible as well as our -- not just our DFP but also this incredible capability with commerce. And the ability to stitch it together for these customers in a meaningful way to provide deeply interactive experiences and deeply personalized one-to-one experiences and make it all intelligent with Einstein. And with that customer, we're able to sit there for 1 hour and sketch out on a piece of paper everywhere they need to go. And here's the other thing that's so cool is we can say, "We're going to get all this done for you probably in the next 90 days, no more than 180 days." It doesn't take a long time to really build and deliver. And I won't go through this specific example, but we have a major customer right now who just has imploded with SAP Hybris because it's on-premise software product built in the last generation of software. And these retailers, they don't have time to wait and they don't have the ability to take on the risk of this old enterprise on-premise stuff like SAP Hybris. And that's why you see this rapid acceleration of our Commerce Cloud. But that's just a metaphor. They just don't have the ability to take on the risk of any of that old Oracle or SAP on-premise software. So that's why by basically being born cloud, by being born social, born mobile and now being born AI, we can do more for customers today and go faster than ever before. And we have so many examples. And I think that when you look at that IDC chart, the reason why we've really just taken SAP out of their #1 spot in CRM and left them in the dust is because these customers, they need transformation now and we're able to deliver it. And that makes me very proud for the company and makes me really happy when I meet with one like that furniture company yesterday in Vegas to be able to support them so fully. 
Marc Benioff: Sure. I'm happy to talk to you about that. I think everyone at Salesforce is so excited to see our run rate begin to eclipse $10 billion in revenue. And of course, the big -- I think the big announcement on this call here, you can see the switches, the book business on and off the balance sheet is just the deferred revenue, which is what Mark, $14.6 billion. $14.6 billion... 
Marc Benioff: 26%. So all of you are going to run your own financial models. You know how our revenue and expense models work. And you can start to model next year now based on that, which is very exciting, I think. Or you can model -- we run our models now for the next 2 or 3 years. Next to that, we have, of course -- we have a running 5-year long-range plan and a 5-year long-range budget that gets fueled and created by that on- and off-balance sheet deferred revenues, probably one of the most important things to drive that forward. And we -- that gives us the ability to kind of have a true north star of where our company is going and our finance team has done a great job in building these models and giving me the ability and then coupling it with Einstein to actually look to these models, too. And that is part of how we are able to deliver our quarter. Specifically, as we start to look at eclipsing $10 billion and moving into much higher numbers going forward, of course, it's exciting to have that $20 billion in sight. And I think that you're going to see the transformation of Salesforce in a few areas and you already saw it with what Keith has -- Keith mentioned, which is started by talking about government. That's a major business opportunity for Salesforce going forward and a major vertical for us. Of course, financial services remains a major opportunity and major capability, health care. These major verticals, that's a major focus for us. Keith has spoken extensively about that transformation. That's really complemented by our strong focus and Keith touched on this with the top 10 enterprise focus as well as our commercial business unit has continued to grow. So those are some of the examples. And then I would have to kind of couple in there the other major growth driver that we've kind of acquired our way into with ExactTarget, with Krux, with Demandware now becoming this incredible Salesforce Marketing Cloud and B2C. So when you look at things like government, financial services, health care, enterprise, commercial, B2C and I could go on and on in other critical areas for the company or by product, we touched on that. I think we have a very strong performance matrix that we are going to manage across all of our geographies, which also remains strong growth drivers, as you can see on the numbers for the quarter with Europe and Asia-Pacific and Latin America as well. So that's how I look at it. I would like Mark to kind of touch on that as well. 
Marc Benioff: Yes, and I think that really just touches on our core values in our company, which starts with customer success. And I think is more important than the trust and customer success that we continue to focus on. I think you'll continue to see that be amplified as we head towards $20 billion. We hire people who are focused on customer success. We have a culture of customer success entrusted. We also hire people who want to build a growing business. These are people who like to work hard and who enjoy growth and who relish that. And that's important to us. And third, I would say innovation. We continue to deliver world-class innovation, both organically. You've seen that with Einstein, with Lightning. And inorganically, we've seen that with Commerce Cloud and Krux and Quip. And this kind of perfect combination of that has created an amazing innovation inside our company. And we hire people who are focused on equality because I think we all realize that we're in a world today where we have to focus on equality, that this is a time when each and every one of us has a personal responsibility to look at the world and ask, "What value are we going to provide back to the world?" And that's why you hear me talk extensively about the importance of K-12 education because I strongly believe education is equality. And you'll hear me talk more about that this weekend. And Saturday, we open our Indianapolis Tower, Salesforce Tower in Indiana where we become the largest tech employer. And that's a place where equality has become a very important and core value of Salesforce.  So anyway, I want to thank all of our employees and customers and partners for an outstanding quarter and being so committed to our company and helping us to achieve these incredible milestones. And we're looking forward not only to the next level, but working together as a Salesforce family going forward to these incredible new heights. So thank you very much, everybody. 
