Keith Block: Yes. Hi, Carl; it's Keith. So, I have been on the road quite a bit actually in the quarter. So, I had the opportunity to spend a lot of time on the front lines with the troops and our customers. And here is the message I'm hearing. It is all about digital transformation. I am not going to make any comment about the macro environment; from what we see, it's all good. And this is a CEO level agenda; this transformation is important. The scent [ph] I get regardless of any speculation around the economy is that this has really become a mandate. And this wave of innovation, this wave of technology that is sweeping the globe is an imperative for these CEOs to be those Chief Transformation Officers. And that's what's going on in the market, that's why you see the results with us.
Keith Block: Thanks for the question. So, as you know, the relationship that we have with our partners is very strategic to our business. You've heard me talk about in the call that they're involved in about 64% of our go-to-market efforts. And the certifications, 19 consecutive quarters of double-digit certification growth. I mean, there -- you have got talk to any of these firms, whether it's PwC or Deloitte or Accenture or IBM, and ask them what their fastest growing practices and scale Salesforce. And this is great news for our customers, because we wake up every day, as you know as a Company and we think about what's important for our customers. And the partner ecosystem is certainly a big part of that. We are very, very focused on our partners, and we have plans with them to not only increase their capacity, but also to enhance their capabilities. And the centerpiece for that is Trailhead. And offering and extending Trailhead for them to make sure that they get the right skills at the right time so that they can convert and cannibalize their practices from their legacy providers. And that's been a part of their strategy. We also encourage the growth of boutiques but it’s not just the enterprise based business; it's also in the mid market and the SMB. And we invest as part of our funds with Salesforce ventures to provide startup the opportunity to build and cultivate these practices to help with the SMB. So we’ve got a pretty comprehensive strategy to build out these SMB, SMB boutique consulting firms, these Accentures of the world et cetera. And in my entire career, I’ve never seen a closer relationship with the SI ecosystem like the one that we have in Salesforce. We do a lot of joint planning, there is a lot of collaboration, they’re very integrated and everything that we do inside the company. And again, they are a big part of our future and we’re very optimistic that they will continue to expand and convert the resources they need to drive success for our customers.
Keith Block: That is a fantastic business opportunity. That’s why we’ve got the consulting firms setup in Salesforce ventures around the world. 
Keith Block: Absolutely. And the important thing for us to continue to do is to keep cultivating and growing those practices into new marketplace. 
Keith Block: Hi, Alex. I'm happy to do a feature function conversation with you if you like. But here's the way I’d think of our Financial Services Cloud. So, first in the beginning of time there was the Service Cloud. Right. And then, on the seventh day, God created something else and said it was Financial Services Cloud and then Financial Services Cloud started on a wealth management and then it went from wealth management to retail banking, then it went to consumer banking and then it would go to commercial banking, and the list will go on and on. By the way, Financial Services Cloud has made great integration points with partners like Guardwire and Velocity as well. So, those are compelling solutions for our customers. At the end of the day, this is a capability that customers want to buy off the shelf software. They don't want to be customizing and building their own capabilities, because in a sense, it’s just repainting [indiscernible] you're just doing in tech refresh but really you're not retiring your legacy debt. And that's why customers want these capabilities embedded in our technology and that's exactly what we're doing. We're responding to our customers in these industries by providing very rich functionality that is specific to what those customers are looking for. And that's been the strategy. Now, we can do that two ways. One is that we can enhance our product so that these customers get the commercially available off the shelf software or we can go partner with an ISV, like an [indiscernible]. So that has been our strategy. You can see the results. If you think about the pace of Financial Services Cloud, arguably it's the most successful cloud that we've ever launched. It has established very deep and meaningful relationships with our customers. The roster of financial services companies that we're doing business with now, they all want Financial Services Cloud and we just continue to win and win and win, and that's faith. So, it's very, very exciting for us.
Keith Block: I do want to make a comment about the competitors because listening to Marc and Bret talk about this, just a lot of these companies have been in the business for a very, very long time. They've been in the legacy business. They have not been in the cloud business. They claim that they could be cloud companies because maybe they have an architecture that’s suggested for the cloud but it's not just about the architecture, it's also about the business model. Most importantly, it's about the culture of the company and the focus on customer. And since the day this Company was started, everything that we do is focus on the customer. If you look at some of these legacy companies that are trying to get in the game in the front office and say that they're now CRM companies, it's not in their DNA. So, as Marc said, we wish them luck. And, we'll see you in the marketplace. But please don't underestimate the importance of having the customer is part of the culture.
Keith Block: Hi. This is Keith. So, that's a great question. The way I would think about this is that the whole environment is just right for innovation, okay. The innovation could be something that's custom developed with our technology or it could be something that's just using our standard product. Obviously, customers like to take advantage of flexibility that our products provide. And they want to model their processes aligned to our technology, rather than building custom apps themselves, comma. The power of the technology is such n nowadays that you can do amazing things that you couldn’t have done before. So, it’s kind of hard to give you an apples-to-apples comparison, but it’s really an interesting phenomenon, because the wave of innovation is just so impressive in what we’re seeing in the marketplace. And that innovation is supported by our platform, it’s supported by our Service Cloud or host and Customer Success Platform. So, it’s hard to give you the exact number. But, it’s all about innovation and creating.
Marc Benioff: And let me just add to that that I think -- I said this a little bit already at Dreamforce as well, which is and I said this recently on TV. When I speak to CEOs and that happens probably every single day, especially some of these tax cuts that have happened, CEOs have been investing aggressively and the economy has really been ripping. I think that a lot of the forecast that I've seen in the 4% level in the United States, we felt that before that happened and we were talking about the economy was ripping before those aggressive growth estimates. When we look out for next year, I'm not sure I can see it going faster than it is now because I'm not sure that we -- where we would get all the people to hire that we need to hire. This is amazing what's happening and not just for us but for all -- for everybody. But maybe there is a modest -- a modest production [ph] growth, if it's 2% to 3% next year of the GDP, I wouldn't be hugely surprised, but I don't see some huge sea change in the economy, I consider to see strong growth because  the strong growth because I've seen so much investment this year, it's going to pay out for these companies going forward. So, I see still several years ahead of good solid growth for the economy. And where that gets tampered, I think I've mentioned this before is when I talk to European CEOs, they tend to be more conservative. And some of those CEOs, they maybe specifically in their region are not as optimistic potentially as I would say American or Asian or CEOs based in Asia. So, that's how I still look at it that we are still in the economy right now and look at these numbers that are ripping and we still see very much a huge investment focus going on.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that we should ask our President of Products, Bret Taylor to share kind of his vision of where we're going with our Customer Success Platform.
Marc Benioff: And then, we’ve seen so many of those boutiques get acquired by the mainstream SIs motivate to grow their practices….
Marc Benioff: I mean, you look at some of these companies that we that were strong independent companies like Google is a great example or some of the other. But, they’ve been acquired now by this very largest and most important systems integrator. And so, this remains a great opportunity for everybody.
Marc Benioff: Well, I can just tell you that there is a lot of things that Salesforce can do, because customer opportunity is much bigger and more exciting I think than anybody really ever realized. But for MuleSoft, it’s the company that I loved for years, it's the company that I helped lead our early investing in and then helped go public and so forth. And while I wanted to buy them for years, unfortunately I have a very strong and sovereign management team that's sitting around the table and they're not that easy to deal with. And they make it hard for me to do what I want to do, but I did get that one over the line. So thanks a lot for that. But, there is a lot of others that I love to see that I think that our customers would love to have more tightly integrated, more part of our product, really important. And what other companies -- I don't know if you’ve seen the front of the Wall Street Journal lately, but with sort of market share graph, CRM on the cover of the Wall Street Journal, have you seen it? I think we also put it in our slide deck here for you, hopefully we did. Because it's our number one marketing graphic. And not everyone is doing as well as we are in CRM. So, not everyone is doing as well as we are in cloud. And you know that. So, every year, I've got some new thing, whatever and I can't follow them all because they're also difficult and they buy companies I've never heard of. So, I can't really comment on them. But, God bless them. And I hope that they're successful in CRM because it's good for us.
Marc Benioff: And for the previous question where there was a question about how we're doing with our competitors, I put on my Twitter feed for you the market share information. So, you just get that directly.
Marc Benioff: And I have really had to start to curtail my comments. And I'd love to talk about specific companies and other CEOs, every time I do, I get a phone call, they’re very sensitive. And I don't want to heart anybody’s feeling during the holidays. So, I'm really holding back on the call. So, I'm just going to do that once at least.
Marc Benioff: Well, you just mentioned two great companies, Amazon and Google. They both have phenomenal cloud offerings, they both have very strong CEOs. Jeff is amazing and also Sundar is amazing. And they're both doing extremely well in our customer base. We see lots of action with both of those customers and partners. And specific to Google, I mean Bret obviously is the creator of Google Maps and worked at Google for while. So, So, I don’t know if you want to touch, how do you -- unique perspective and all of those.
Marc Benioff: All right. Well, as we bring our call to a close, I want to thank everybody for participating on today’s call. As I opened the call, I also mentioned our hearts remain everyone, who suffered during the horrible fires. And I’d like to bring your attention to our local organization who is doing so much and has done so much support already, which is our North Valley Community Foundation, which is providing tremendous support for the campfire relief. And if you could support them, we would appreciate it. It’s nvcf.org as Nanacy, Victor, Charlie, Frank.org, North Valley Community Foundation and our hearts or looking entire community of Paradise and the surrounding areas affected by the campfire. We love for you to please consider a tax deductible donation to the campfire relief fund. And to assist to the many community organizations who are serving evacuees, and especially our tremendous first responders. So, thank you, everybody, and we look forward to talking again next quarter.
Bret Taylor: Yes. I think our strategy as it relates to competition is really reflected in our Dreamforce announcements, particularly Customer 360. When you talk to our customers, they're not looking to buy a piece of technology looking to transform their business. Our strategic advantage is that we’re the number one in sales, the number one in service, the number one in platform, and the number one in marketing. As you look at Black Friday, I think you can really see where our customers are using every single one of those technologies to transform their customer experience. You might send out a promotion for your Black Friday sales, via a text message or via email in our marketing product. You transact in our Commerce Cloud, you provide service via our Service Cloud. We're the only company that can provide all the solutions in a integrated way. And now with Customer 360, you have a single view of your customer through all the touch points. And so, our strategic advantage relative to competitors trying to catch up by acquiring the second place product in each of the spaces is that we are an integrated solution. And keep an eye and I have talked a lot about this. Our customers are looking for an integrated solution to their business problems, not just pieces of technologies and that’s our strategic advantage in our product portfolio.
Bret Taylor: My biggest takeaway was the importance of Trailhead and that trailblazer community. In addition, when one of our customers decides to deploy our technology, we're not the only person there helping them. Our partner ecosystem is there with them. And then partner ecosystem is fueled by trailhead. One of the things that you mentioned Marc in your opening, I think it’s really powerful, there's over 1 million people learning for free on Trailhead and one in four have gotten a new job on the other side of that, because they're developing new skills. And ways to think about it from our customers’ perspective and the thing you see in the Dreamforce is, when someone use -- decides to deploy Salesforce, they have the best ecosystem of support of partners around them. That's really what’s driving the success of our customers with the technology which is the thing that we are exclusively focused on.
Bret Taylor: Yes. I think Marc put it exactly right. And the backdrop that I’m really excited about and the reason why I think you see a such amazing growth and Service Cloud for our marketing cloud and continued growth in our Sales Cloud is. , these product aren’t staying still. The Fourth Industrial Revolution is transforming each of these markets. Take Service Cloud, which is just an amazing product with amazing growth rate. Right now, artificial intelligence is completely transforming our industry and it's driving every CEO to Salesforce to say hey, how can you help me transform my customer service experience, which is really the tip of the spear that relates to customer experience. And that's why Service Cloud is growing 24% year-over-year, one of our largest and fastest growing businesses. We assume that's in every single cloud. So, as a technologist here, what's exciting for me is not just really TAM but also just seeing the motion of change in each of these businesses and how we can help our customers navigate these technology changes happening around them. 
Bret Taylor: Yes. I just had such a great privilege to have such amazing partners. And we really worked at customer success and what our customers need to be successful. And I look at Amazon Web Services, Apple, Google, we’re really saying who are companies that our customers want to partner with, and who do they want us to partner with, to drive success. And when I look at Google, every single one of our marketing cloud customers, Commerce Cloud customers has a deep relationship with Google, because of the providence of Google Search, their ad network marketing analytics. And so, I really view this is an amazing opportunity to bring the best of both companies to bear when we're trying to provide the solutions to our customers. And our customer response has just been fantastic. And we -- I hope to deepen that relationship in the future and just make sure that when we provide these to our customers, the products work together across, the companies work together and our customers have an amazing experience.
