Marc Russell Benioff: So we're going to be doing 355 events this quarter all over the world. I will be at many of them but not all of them. And I hope that you will join us, whether you are in London or Paris or New York, whether it's Melbourne or Tokyo, Amsterdam and you can experience the power of salesforce of the cloud, social, mobile world coupled with data science and analytics. I mean, this is just a sight to behold and I just want to congratulate everyone in the company for creating the first company, first cloud company to ever get to $5 billion. But we're the fastest software company ever to $5 billion and can't wait to get on the call, 90 days to tell you about, the fastest company to $6 billion. And now, let's turn it over to Keith.
Marc Russell Benioff: I really appreciate that question and I think you really don't have to go any farther than looking at our book business on and off the balance sheet at $9 billion to ask yourself the question are we going to $10 billion? I mean $10 billion will be fueled primarily by that. I can tell you more or less where revenue will be a year from now or even two years from now because you can kind of look at deferred. We don't do that because there can be changes in foreign exchange, there can be changes in other characteristics of the business, but if you look back now, Salesforce has been a public company for over 10 years. You can see how our deferred model has played out with the kind of consistent revenue growth, even through 2008 or even through dark times, the deferred continue to pay out on to the top-line. So I don't think the question is about are we – certainly my – (27:15) my mind there's no question that that's going to happen. I think it's all about where we are going beyond that. And as we cross through that threshold, what are the different clouds and capabilities, will we have to invest in to make that happen? I'm very excited about the transformations and changes and shifts that the company is investing in data science and analytics, and the next idea that it's not just about the cloud, social or mobile anymore, it's also about fueling the analytical corporation, fueling the analytical CEO. I thought that Ram Shriram had a fantastic article in Fortune magazine this month on the analytical business and what that means. And we want to fuel that. We want to fuel that kind of capability that gives our customers not just world-class execution in sales and service and marketing and community, we want to give them the ability to have analytics platforms, analytics apps, analytics ecosystems that fuel that future. And that's, I think, our biggest, most exciting revenue opportunity going forward. The CRM market is big and exciting and has fueled us, will continue to fuel us. The analytics market is just as big and just as exciting. I think some would say the analytics market is bigger than the CRM market. And our initial indications of that are that's true. And that's why we're investing and I couldn't be more excited about the Analytics Cloud in our Wave platform.
Marc Russell Benioff: Yes. I wanted to also mention, I misspoke. It's not a – ABB is a Zurich – is based in Zurich, Switzerland, near Davos and not in Germany.
Marc Russell Benioff: Great. Well, I think first and foremost, our shareholders have spoken that they want us to keep our non-GAAP operating margin in mind. And for us to – as we work on our revenue growth plans to have clarity and mindfulness about delivering not just the phenomenal pace of top-line growth, which we certainly have done, but also improve the non-GAAP operating margin as you saw this year by 175 basis points. And that's why this year we're coming in and saying that we're expecting to deliver another 125 basis points to 150 basis points of operating margin while continuing the strong top-line growth. And I think both of these things are now important for salesforce. And we obviously know how to do that. We did it this year. And we plan to do it again in the coming year as well.
Keith G. Block: Yes. Why don't I do that? So, Rick, thanks for asking the question. So we're very excited about our industry strategy, and it takes many flavors. I think the reason why the company continues to get such traction with these enterprise customers and really customers of any size and any geography is because when we talk to these customers, we are speaking in the language of the customer. So that's kind of point number one. We are focused really on six industries right now. And all of that is equipping our folks with the solutions and the messages that our customer's really demanding and asking for. So we're listening to our customers. And we will be making some announcements shortly about some exciting stuff that we're doing with the products around our industries but we also – and I want to go back to a point that Marc made about our AppExchange and our ecosystem. We have the largest ecosystem in the world for the cloud. And we are driving incredible success with a number of our ISVs who have taken our platform because they obviously have confidence in that platform. And they are building their solutions around industries. We signed up some pretty strategic partnerships this fiscal year. We continue to do it. You look at the statistics on our AppExchange, several of those are also vertically oriented. So we are really driving industry messaging into the marketplace, whether it's our own industry messaging, our organic product, the highly configurable cloud solutions that we have, whether it's our AppExchange and our ISVs and our ecosystems. This really resonates with customers. And this is something that Siebel never had. They never had a – as you know, they were not a platform company. They were never in a position where they could drive an ecosystem with vertical extensions the way that we're able to do it. So we're getting a lot of traction, and we're really excited.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, listen – thanks for the question. I think – first of all, I think that the numbers were astounding. We're incredibly proud. I'm certainly proud of the work that the team has done, and I think it is proof positive about the relationships that we're building strategically with these customers. You don't do these types of deals at scale and volume unless you're successfully getting mind share and building those great relationships. We've got – over the year and certainly in the quarter, we've done some wonderful work with some of the best brands and the best companies in the world. Like 3M and ABB, Time Warner I mentioned, obviously. And some of these I could not mention before by name. But there are just many, many examples of us doing an incredible job, building more and more traction and becoming more meaningful. And now, I have to tell you part of this comes from the opportunity for us to really unshackle either legacy SAP environments or have – give customers the opportunity to transform their business models, because they've really been shackled by legacy technology for years. And with this absolute convergence of cloud and social and mobile, it really gives us an opportunity to talk about what our Customer Success Platform can do for them, generally speaking. I mean, Marc and I had the opportunity to spend some time with Brian Moynihan in Davos and we talked about how CFAs (34:30) transforming their business. And those are the types of meaningful relationships that we're really talking about here. So, again, we're very excited about what's going on. And a lot of our growth initiatives are really taking some traction here.
Keith G. Block: Yeah. Again, I'm going to go back to a comment that I made earlier. In my entire career, I've never seen as much excitement, both internally and externally about a product launch. I mean, again, I'll go back to Davos. We had a nice little area in Davos. It was overrun with customers and prospects, and you know the type of people who attend Davos. And they all had incredible interest of looking at what Analytics Cloud meant and what it could do for them. And Marc did plenty of demos, I did plenty of demos, and we signed up some great companies. I mean Merck is obviously a great global brand. In the quarter, they went with the Analytics Cloud, Time Warner Cable went with the Analytics Cloud, (38:30) with the Analytics Cloud. And that's on top of many that we signed up before. So it's all good. We're very excited.
Keith G. Block: Yeah. I think what's interesting is that many companies want to differentiate themselves with service. And they're looking for incredible capability to do that. And obviously, we have a very compelling story, and if I just look at some of our top wins, I would say at least half of these top wins had Service Cloud. And so if I think about Amtrak or ABB, Boston Scientific, Ingersoll-Rand, Merck, Pearson; these are all Service Cloud wins. So this is a compelling product. It's a compelling solution. It's actually the source of quite a few of our competitive takeouts, particularly in kind of legacy providers whether it's SAP or Oracle. There's a lot of Siebel replacements going on right now. So this is a great product and it's a great solution and our customers love it.
Keith G. Block: Yeah. I think that it's pretty clear. And I don't think this will be a surprise to anybody that the agenda of a CEO is growth. And our message is all about growth. So there's a natural synergy there. And when we had talked to these customers, they – ABB is a classic example. Marc mentioned it. But there are countless examples whether it's financial services institutions, again, we talked about Bank of America earlier. It really is about solving a customer problem, speaking the language of industry, and it's not about one Sales Cloud, one Service Cloud. It's about a Customer Success Platform and it's a platform discussion. And again, it fits the growth agenda. So that's why CEOs seemed to be getting more and more involved in this. If I go back to the example that I gave earlier in the call about the strategic agreement that we signed in the quarter, that was a CEO agenda. That's all about growth. So I think the sun and the star and the moon are all aligning here as it relates to the agenda of a CEO and what our messaging is all about. And it's showing up in our results.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, listen – thanks. That's a great question. Thank you for the question. As I mentioned earlier, we're obviously very, very excited about the launch of analytics, and our partners are as well. So we have worked very, very hard over the last 12 months to strengthen our relationships with the strategic influencers in the market, be it Accenture or PwC or Deloitte, or cloud sharers (52:32) even some of the regional players. And we think that's very important because they're in the boardroom, and they have the influence with our clients. And we are very aligned around customer engagement and our customer platform and growth strategy for customers. The early returns from these firms are very – they're very, very excited about what the Analytics Cloud is all about. So that's a natural play for them because they can wrap some incredibly high value-add services around our offering, and really do, I would say, more of the advisory services which are probably more margin services for them. So they're excited, we're excited, we continue to build out those relationships and I think you're just going to continue to see great progress there.
Mark J. Hawkins: So let me take the second part of the question, Rick. In terms of the sales revenue by cloud, a couple of different things. First of all, foreign exchange, yes, there's an impact there. To your point, what we're assuming right now is sequential performance right now. And I'm looking forward to it into Q1. You'll be able to see the year-on-year and, of course, you'll see that with all the dynamics that are going on there including whatever foreign exchange is there. So I think I can get to the spirit of the question that you're asking. The spirit of the question is the SFA market is a double-digit market, according to Gartner, it's been that way – projected to be that way for a long period of time. We have not only done well in that market with a double-digit growing market but we've also put share for the last decade consistently. And so that's what's happened historically. We don't guide by cloud. But that's a very effective market as Marc has talked about, and we'll know – you'll be able to see a lot more when we anniversary the actual revenue by cloud. Hope that helps, Rick.
Mark J. Hawkins: Okay. Let me talk about the last part. (42:46) you asked about the deferred revenue for Q1. We guided it in the mid to high 20%s and you were asking about foreign exchange. That is in U.S. dollars that we've guided. We've given you a sense of perspective for foreign exchange. We called out the entire top-line of the company, $175 million to $200 million of headwind for the total top-line. So you can get a sense of our thinking about foreign exchange. You are correct, that's U.S. dollars that I called out for deferred revenue. I hope that helps.
Mark J. Hawkins: And let me just add on to that, Phil. Appreciate the comments about the quarter. I think the guidance when you look at the revenue, 20% to 21%, which is the implied guidance here for the revenue growth in U.S. dollars, plus a headwind that we talked about of $175 million to $200 million, you quickly get a sense of what the constant currency growth rate is. You can see that's matched right in to our revenue margin framework. I think the operating margin to expand that 125 basis points to 150 basis points again after a year that we've just exceeded of 175 basis points plus with the headwind of 25 basis points to 50 basis points due to foreign exchange, it's right in the exact ZIP code of where we want to be. We feel like it's excellent balance in terms of the top-line that Marc talked about, the bottom-line that we talked about and the cash flow (51:15) as well as the growth rate. So we feel really good about where that lines up. And the revenue margin framework is the – very much something we embrace.
