Marc Benioff: Well, thanks so much, Evan. And I hope everyone on the call and all your families had a wonderful Thanksgiving and happy Hanukkah to everyone celebrating the festival of lights this week. Now this year, I'm grateful for many things. But I'll have to tell you, I'm very grateful for my good friends who I'm sitting here with, Bret Taylor. And Bret, congratulations on becoming the co-CEO of Salesforce.
Marc Benioff: Well, Bret, when I first met you, you were at Google. You did an amazing job with Google Maps. And you started your own company, then it was acquired by Facebook. You became the CTO of Facebook. And then you let Facebook and started another company. And Salesforce was very lucky to buy that company quick. And then you've had an amazing run here over the last 5, 5.5 years at Salesforce and most recently as our Chief Operating Officer and now as Co-CEO. We couldn't be more grateful for you and your leadership, and congratulations, and it's just amazing to watch you grow.
Marc Benioff: Also, you have to give a call out here in reliability. Because both of us went through some very difficult moments in the weekend, getting calls from customers who are not using our Marketing Cloud but are good customers of ours. Because products that they chose from other vendors were not working on Black Friday and Cyber Monday and we're like, wow, we were just so grateful to all of our Ohana for the tremendous, tremendous performance they delivered over the weekend.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that, that is definitely what I saw firsthand where I was like, how could it be that an airline is basically front-ending their entire system with Slack? That's a shock to me.
Marc Benioff: Right. It really flies in the face of all of these kind of -- you hear companies like a CEO say, "Oh, everyone has to come back in the office now. This is a mandate." 
Marc Benioff: Well, I have to be very careful because when I say like on a broadcast television or at a conference, "Hey, employees are going to have flexibility in how they work. And they're going to have a digital headquarters. They're going to have physical headquarters. They're going to mix and match. They're going to move around a little bit," I get phone calls. And it's just so contrary to what we see in our own business.
Marc Benioff: Well first of all, congratulations again, Bret. It's super exciting. And you're right. Salesforce has had an evolving leadership structure several times, and we have also had tremendous success previously with the co-CEO structure. And of course, probably those folks who've benefited the most were really our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. As we've seen as we've changed these structures, it's actually been an acceleration on the company. So I'm very excited about the Co-CEO structure. These jobs are big jobs, and being able to have a partner that you can share with makes it a lot easier. And when Keith decided to retire, I was back in this job. It was very lonely. And now to have a partner with Bret, I couldn't be more excited. So I want to congratulate him again.
Marc Benioff: Before we go on to the next question, we have a tremendous executive, Gavin Patterson, who's our Chief Revenue Officer, who is formerly a public company CEO of British Telephone. And Gavin has been the Chief Revenue Officer, as all of you know, through the pandemic. And he also brought tremendous insights into managing this new model of efficiency and optimization. Gavin, I'd love it if you could give us a few words as well on your vision on how this new model is working for you. And maybe you could touch on what the new sales model is as part of this.
Marc Benioff: Yes, thank you so much, Gavin. And I from Gavin, Amy and Bret should indicate to you how fortunate I am to have this great management team running Salesforce during this pandemic. And then this ability to have not only this great team, but to put in the new model during this and now this new structure as well. Look, we're in a new world. We all know that. And we've all seen all the things that are supposedly happening this week, who knows how much of it is actually true? So we have the ability to adjust and to run the company dynamically. And I think that's why you see such incredibly strong quarter here in Q3. And I believe we're going to have a world-class quarter in the fourth quarter and a great fiscal year next year as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think you're right, Kash. We're doing a very good job of absorbing Slack and integrating it deeply into the company, not only into the distribution organization with Gavin and not just with its financial characteristics with Amy but you can see the tremendous vision. Especially if you watch the Dreamforce keynote that Bret brought to Slack and Salesforce together with Slack-First. And I'd love for him to talk about that. Because I think when we get to Dreamforce New York City, which is going to happen on December 8 at Javits Center, and I hope all of you will join us there. We'll have 2,000 customers there with us, and we'll be broadcasting that all over the world as well. Well, I think that you'll see that this has fundamentally changed the tone and tempo and future of Salesforce, that we're really a very different kind of company because of this amazing acquisition. That said, this is a large acquisition. It is taking a lot of work time from the management team to absorb it. And it still will take several more quarters before we can tell you that we're really running deeply integrated with Slack And Bret, you've done so much of the leadership here with Slack and with Stewart. So maybe you could just address where we are and how you see the future acquisition environment.
Marc Benioff: Yes, I'll really add to that, that you've seen us, Kash, do so many incredible acquisitions, starting with ExactTarget, moving on to MuleSoft, to Tableau, Slack. But let me tell you, there is no finish line on these acquisitions. There it's a lot of work. It's a lot -- it's skill, it's art. It's luck also to keep them all going. Because look, we're innovating organically and also we have innovated inorganically. And then we're deeply integrating these acquisitions into Customer 360, our ultimate vision of where all of that is going. Well, that's still something that we're continuing to reveal and is being revealed to us. So it's a dynamic process, and it requires all of our attention. And we're very excited about Slack and how far we've been able to come in such a short period of time.
Marc Benioff: Yes. Gavin, could you come in here and kind of address that directly? And just tell us about the demand environment for the fourth quarter and next year, and what kind of pipeline and capabilities you're seeing with customers today.
Bret Taylor: Thank you, Marc. It's really an honor of a lifetime. Thank you and thanks to the Board. And most importantly, thank you to our customers and Trailblazers. I'm honored to be a part of you in this next chapter of Salesforce.
Bret Taylor: Well, Marc, I don't know if you know this, you were the first person I called when I started that second company because I wanted your mentorship and advice. So for me, this partnership is really the culmination of a decade-long friendship. And I'm just grateful and excited for this next chapter.
Bret Taylor: Well, actually Gavin Patterson and I, we took a trip to Europe together. We flew to London, Paris, Amsterdam, Frankfurt. And there's -- the pandemic's a roller coaster. But what I heard from the more than 60 customers we talked to on that trip is a sense of really moving forward, that we'll have to take into account health and safety. We have to really think about this pandemic as an endemic. But in part, settling down, people are moving forward. They're focused on growth, and they're focused on this new normal. And I have a very optimistic view of the future despite this roller coaster of a pandemic.
Bret Taylor: Not surprised at all, but it's something I look forward to every year every time those numbers come out.
Bret Taylor: Thank you, Marc. As Marc said, we had another phenomenal quarter driven by our new operating model, our new management team, and a product portfolio that's just increasingly relevant to every company looking to thrive in this new world. Through this pandemic, our customer success has fueled our success. We have hired more than 30,000 people remotely. We've launched more products than we ever have before. And we've connected with more customers than we ever have before. We've also proven that we can come together safely in person. We just did Dreamforce in San Francisco a couple of months ago. We're doing Dreamforce in New York.
Bret Taylor: All year long, Marc. And we also have opened 65 of our offices. And as I mentioned, Gavin and I took that trip to Europe, talked to over 60 customers. And really interesting to see a wide range of industries going through different issues, whether it's the supply chain or the Great Resignation. But there's one theme in all those conversations. Every customer reinforced that work is not somewhere you go, but something you do. Every single company I spoke with is building their digital headquarters because they know their teams need to be successful from their home or from this office in this new era of hybrid work. And Customer 360 and Slack are powering this transformation for companies in every industry in every region of the world, and you can really see it in our results. In the quarter, we saw strong growth across regions: 23% in the Americas, 38% in EMEA, and 26% in APAC. And what really stands out to me, Marc, is the strength of our core organic CRM business.
Bret Taylor: Well, Sales Cloud is accelerating to 17% year-over-year growth, as Marc mentioned, now exceeding a $6 billion business just like Service Cloud. And Service Cloud, which is actually continuing to grow above 20% year-over-year.
Bret Taylor: Yes, it really shows the strength in our core organic business, and it's just phenomenal to see this kind of growth at that kind of scale. And there's nothing like the start of the holiday shopping season. We started last week, to make me appreciate just how mission-critical our commerce and marketing clouds are on Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Cyber Week runs on Salesforce for the world's greatest retailers. What we saw was just incredible. So Commerce Cloud processed more than 100 million orders in November powering the shopping experiences for brands like Ralph Lauren, Puma, Crocs, LVMH. And get this, Marc, this year we have sent over 1 trillion messages from our Marketing Cloud. And in Cyber Week alone, we delivered 40 billion messages, up 34% year-over-year.
Bret Taylor: And we were lapping the pandemic. Last year digital was the only way people were shopping, and we're growing 34% on top of that. Our message platform...
Bret Taylor: Well, I just want to give a special thank you to every member of Salesforce, particularly the engineering team to get that kind of reliability when so much of our customers' business is happening over a day or a weekend, it's just crucial that these systems stay up. And I'm so proud of the team. And hopefully, some of those customers will become customers of Marketing Cloud next year.
Bret Taylor: And one thing I really want to comment is this move towards mobile commerce continued. Mobile push notifications sent for our Marketing Cloud grew over 94% year-over-year. Now we're just seeing the smartphone continue to transform commerce. All in, our Commerce and Marketing Clouds grew 25% year-over-year in our third quarter, continuing an amazing 20-month run as the global economy continues to digitize. I also want to talk about Slack. So Slack outperformed our expectations in the first full quarter as a part of the Salesforce family. The number of customers on Slack who spent over $100,000 was up 44% year-over-year. And adoption of Slack Connect was up an astonishing 176% year-over-year. Slack is not just a product, Slack is a network, and it's just incredible to see that growth. Slack also continues to innovate at an unbelievable pace. Slack Huddles, which is Slack's new real-time audio capability, is already used weekly by over 1/3 of Slack users. And Slack Clips, the new asynchronous video capability, are being played nearly 1 million times a week. And this month at Slack Frontiers, which I hope all of you have watched; and if you haven't, you can watch it online. Stewart and the team are now the next generation of Slack’s platform, and it's going to truly transform the way companies think about workflows and automation.
Bret Taylor: Slack is the system of engagement for every workflow, every application, every person on your enterprise. It's really an amazing platform vision. And absolutely watch Slack Frontiers. If you haven't seen it, I think it will blow your mind.
Bret Taylor: Well Slack has already transformed the way we work at Salesforce. Since we have deployed Slack internally, we sent 46% fewer e-mails. And in the last 30 days alone, our employees have sent nearly 60 million Slack messages and conducted 500,000 Slack Huddles. We run Salesforce on Slack. And every CEO and every Board I talk to is focused on how they can succeed in this era of flexible work. According to Slack's research, 93% of workers are looking for flexibility when they work, and 76% are looking for flexibility where they work. Companies need to connect their employees, their partners, their customers from anywhere because we all know we're not going to be in the office 5 days a week.
Bret Taylor: Marc, you know what happens when they say that? Their employees leave and go to the company next door.
Bret Taylor: Yes, thank you for your question about Slack. And you're right, the shared channels, which the brand name is called Slack Connect, is just one of the most differentiated and exciting parts of Slack as a platform, particularly if you think about the opportunity to integrate Slack with Customer 360. Because as I said, Slack is not just a platform for communicating with fellow employees, it's a platform to engage with your partners, with your customers and integrate with every single application at your company. I think the best measure of it in this quarter, I mentioned it in my script, was Slack Connect was up an astonishing 176% year-over-year in the quarter. And I think behind that it was really exciting and Stewart articulated so well, There's a really strong network effect when multiple companies and multiple partners are using this service, it makes the service more valuable. We use Slack Connect with our customers now. And I think probably the best example of this past week was Cyber Week. So many of the retailers that I worked with use Slack as their command center for Cyber Week. They would have Salesforce in there. They would have the agencies running their campaigns, their merchandisers. All of these folks are coordinated to drive as much GMV growth as they can in a short period of time. Slack was really at the center of that, and as you said, really about a shared channel with multiple stakeholders. So it's a big part of our product strategy, and it's a big part of the strategy for Slack to continue to grow. Candidly, I don't think there's an enterprise product like this in the marketplace. It really has network effects from company to company, and we're really excited about it.
Bret Taylor: Yes, I mean I'll just start. First, I just want to give a special thank you to Amy. I think we talked a lot about top line revenue performance, the pandemic and a number of other factors leading to the operating margin delivery that we've delivered. But I think the most important part of it is discipline. And fundamentally as a company, we are a growth company, we'll always be a growth company, but we're one of a few who don't need to choose between growth and operational efficiency. And you're seeing in both the top line growth and the bottom line growth. And I think a lot of that is due to Amy's leadership and really, the work of the entire management team to transform the way we operate. I think as Marc alluded to, the train with one theoretical -- this as you put it, I think it set up to grow even faster coming out of the end of this pandemic.
Bret Taylor: Yes. Well, I'll start with really what Marc said, which is right now our focus is integrating Slack. And not on any near-term M&A, as Marc said, it's really important. What sets Salesforce apart is how successful we've been able to integrate and grow our acquisitions. My favorite slide at Investor Day with Amy is which we talked about the growth of exact target of MuleSoft or Tableau and now seeing an early return from Slack I think is what superpowers is an organization, and it really requires a lot of focus on the management team. Slack is really special though, as Marc said. It's just a moment in time where the way we've worked, which has sort of been as Marc said, it's not what we all planned. We just showed up at work one day, and that's the way work was done. And the whole world is reimagined at the same time. And we have this incredible opportunity to partner with our customers help them with this transformation. And no one knows where the world is going. We know we're not going back to the office 5 days a week. And Slack has become such a strategic part of every single customer conversation. As Marc said, I encourage everyone to either come in person to Java Center on December 8 or watch online on Salesforce Plus and really see the power of Salesforce Customer 360 and Slack together. And I think you can see why we're so excited about it and see -- as you can see some of the early returns this quarter as we beat guidance.
Bret Taylor: I appreciate the question. As Marc said, there's really no finish line with integrating acquisitions. And we've made some changes that we think are right for the long term and what it's been. I think maybe perhaps, Marc, our fastest-growing acquisition today that you saw in Amy's slide at Investor Day. So we feel very confident in the decisions we've made and have to get through a bit of this change management, we are seeing in the short-term results. But we feel very confident in the future of MuleSoft and certainly no change the demand environment. Actually, Gavin and I were just talking about this, just before the earnings call, just how important MuleSoft is a lot in our Q4 deals, particularly the Customer 360 deals where our customers are connecting multiple clouds to multiple back-end systems. And how much integration is such an important part of our customer conversation. So we feel confident in the long term of the business and recognize we have some short-term growing pains as we integrate our acquisitions.
Gavin Patterson: So as Marc and Bret said, we are in a new world. And I've seen it through the eyes of our customers, which I've recently been visiting in New York, San Francisco, Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, Zurich, Middle East and of course, London. I am very excited by the early results of how our new operating model is playing out. The strength of our core business is incredible. And the power of Salesforce Customer 360 and Slack together is creating the Digital HQ that is enabling our customers to get back to growth. And as Bret said, Salesforce has never been more relevant. In the quarter, we saw strong growth in every region, especially in the Americas. We grew relationships with Amazon, Builders FirstSource, IQVIA, Sunbelt Rentals, Tapestry and so many more. In EMEA, we deepened relationships with incredible brands like Fennia, Primark and Puma. And in APAC, we had significant wins with FOXTEL, Fujitsu, Hitachi and the New Zealand Ministry of Health. Now we all know the incredible security company, ADT. They're using Salesforce Customer 360 to unify their entire customer experience, empowering 4,000 customer service agents and 7,000 field service agents with a complete view of their customers, which is driving operational efficiencies as well as growth. And as Bret said, we expanded our partnership with VMware, which has been a Salesforce customer since 2008. This quarter, they kicked off a pilot of Slack plus Service Cloud to accelerate customer support. They also partnered with Tableau to extend data and analytics across their entire business, enabling the presentation of deep analytics to help innovate even faster. LVMH continues to expand with Salesforce to deliver luxury goods from anywhere. Globally, 40,000 retail associates and customer service agents use Salesforce to deliver personalized retail journeys for their customers. And our win with the Boohoo Group, which is a leading UK-based online fashion retailer, uses our technology to deliver their incredible online shopping experience. With Commerce Cloud, Boohoo is now expanding shopping by social media, marketplaces as they look to build for the future. And the State of Nevada's Department of Motor Vehicles is another great story in the quarter. They selected Salesforce as the platform to power its digital transformation across its entire business. This will mean a whole new experience for residents renewing drivers’ licenses, credentialing, titling and registering vehicles and so much more. And this is another great example of digital transformation powered by Salesforce, of course, another great reason to move to Las Vegas. These are all great organizations that have pivoted their business to navigate this new world and deliver customer success from anywhere. They're relying on us more than ever and inspiring us to leverage the power of our Salesforce Customer 360, Slack and so much more to continue to fuel that business. And finally, a word on Q4. I'm really encouraged about how we started the quarter. Demand and pipe looks strong, and we're looking forward to a great finish to what has been an exceptional year. I want to thank our incredible team for continuing to do such a great job in the massive global change. The work they do and the technology they deliver powers our customers' success, and we couldn't be more grateful.  Amy, over to you to share the financial details of our quarter.
Gavin Patterson: Sure. Well in a word, we started the fourth quarter really strong. And as I said in my comments, demand is strong across the piece. The pipe looks very good. Americas is particularly strong. And parts of Europe I think are performing equally well. There's a good performance across the verticals. And so it's a balanced performance across the piece. So look, we're feeling confident about the fourth quarter. There's no question about it. So we don't give you any specifics, of course, at this stage. But as I say, I'm very pleased with the way we started in the first few weeks.
Gavin Patterson: Thanks, Marc. Well, this is something I touched on at Investor Day. I truly believe that we can continue to drive growth, and that will continue to be our #1 priority. But we could do so at the same time as driving efficiencies through the business through disciplined decision-making. You heard it from Amy, and it's a mantra that we're using throughout the business. And some of the things I talked about then are really to do with providing a tighter grip across the business, deploying best practice across our operating units. When we've got a successful model, how do we replicate it across operating units around the world. I've put a lot more focus on things like participation and driving productivity, so ensuring that we're getting the most value out of our 10,000-person sales force, which is one of our sources of competitive advantage. But how do we make sure everybody is contributing every quarter and that we're looking to eke out both small deals and big deals throughout the year. And then finally how do we open up new channels. So the direct model continues to be our strongest muscle, there's no question about that. But we're finding that customers, and not just small customers, are keen to use more and more -- who purchase more and more through digital and online. And that's an area that we're revamping, and it's going to be a bigger part of our overall delivery of new bookings going forward. So the focus for me has been about driving best practice across the Salesforce ecosystem and having a flatter organization that allows for faster decision-making and stronger leadership within the units themselves.
Gavin Patterson: Well, I'm not going to give specific numbers. But you can hopefully tell from my tone and conviction the demand environment is strong. The pipe is strong, and we're feeling confident about Q4 and looking into Q1 as well. I think Bret said it very, very eloquently. We've gone through a little bit of, I would say, growing pains this quarter with Mule. There are operational challenges, but the actions that need to be taken are very clear. But it does not change in any way our belief that MuleSoft is fundamental to our ability to deliver our Customer 360. So I see its role in solving customer problems and creating value for customers is absolutely fundamental. And I'm confident we'll be able to work through these over the next quarter. So across the board, Marc, the business and demand environment looks strong. And as we cycle through another wave of COVID, I don't see that changing fundamentally.
Amy Weaver: Great. On CRPO, business is strong. We've raised FY '22 revenue by $300 million 3 months ago, another $60 million just 2 months ago, and now another $50 million today. And this is even with some of the headwinds I described from Mule; and as you noted, some uncertainty on FX. So overall, I believe our CRPO guidance is in line with our guided revenue growth rate for the quarter and for the year we believe is appropriate. And of course as we said, Q4 is our largest new business quarter.
Amy Weaver: Great. I'll take the second part of your question on operating margins. So you -- overall this year, so pleased with our FY '22 operating margin trajectory. As a reminder, we started off the year at 17.7% guidance, and we've raised consistently, now up to 18.6% for the full year. And we really focus on delivering operating margin for the year and not for any particular quarter. That said, we're coming off a very third -- a great op margin quarter in a row. And there is some seasonality to our margins. So in Q4, we are expecting to see additional investments in our work and our growth and also some modest increased T&E expectations. And that's going to cause the quarter-over-quarter decline in operating margin. But again, we're really excited about the full year proud to be guiding to 18.6.
Amy Weaver: So let me start with foreign exchange. As you know that I think that any global CFO who you speak to this week is watching foreign exchange very, very closely. And it has had a modest impact to our guidance, and we're going to be monitoring that going forward. Just to give you an idea of the volatility just since Investor Day, we've seen the euro devalue nearly I think it's between 4% and 5% right now. And the Great British pound is down about 2%. And they do have modest impacts on us. Now we don't give detailed information about our currency split. But I can tell you, our international revenue is chiefly driven by 4 currencies: it being the euro, the British pound, the yen; and then to a lesser extent, the Australian dollar. And so as you know, we don't explicitly guide the FX, but we certainly do factor that into our planning processes and build out our guide based on those projections. Second question? second -- sorry, go Ahead.
Amy Weaver: That's good. So Bret and Marc, I think you both said it very, very well. Cases we look at this, we continue to benefit from the revenue outperformance, from everything we've learned at the pandemic, from a new way to work, and really from, I think a heightened sense of discipline. But what I would emphasize most of all is that this is really a commitment by the entire management team. And what has really impressed me as we've been putting in place new policies, tightening up budgets is the fact that every team has really stepped up and shared in the commitment and shared in changes.
Amy Weaver: Kash, following up on your second question about operating margin, we've had a great year on this. I'm really delighted to predict that we're going to end the year around 18.6. And as you know, at Investor Day, I was thrilled to announce a guide to 20% next year, which I think symbolically is a key number for us. And we're doing that despite it being a full year of Slack and what I'm hoping will be some moderately increasing T&E expenditure. But we're very much committed to doing that. Now we have not given long-term guidance beyond FY '23. But I will say we are committed to continuing to improve operating margin. As Bret said, there's a reimagination going on. We're having a chance to reimagine everything about how we operate. And I want to be able to make sure that we're using that to look at operating margin and look at how we're running a company with fresh eyes and continue to improve.
Amy Weaver: Yes, so let me just quickly respond to that. You asked about the seasonality of data in our new reporting metrics. So one of the advantages of breaking up the revenue this way is I think it really provides greater transparency to all of our investors. And what this will do is it will put Tableau and MuleSoft, which are 2 primarily licensed-based offerings, together in the same line. So I don't think it's so much a question of seasonality, but it's a question actually of lumping out. Because of the way that we recognize the revenue in period, you were simply going to see more variability in those -- in that line than you would in other areas. I really think it's an advantage to everyone to be able to have that be isolated going forward.
