KeithBlock: Yes. Sure. A couple things that in terms of the sales cloud, the thing that I could tell you one is that of course the acquisition of .org added a few growth points. I think we said four growth points, but if you think about 13% growth without that it's a strong growth rate. We're very pleased about that. I think one of the things that you see is the balance of our offering. The continued innovation, CPQ, AI, I think a number of factors have just made this a very, very welcome and competitive product. I don't know, Bret, if you want to add some comments.
KeithBlock: So, Keith thanks for the kind words. I'll address the first part and obviously Marc can talk about the second one. Look, I think the numbers kind of speak for themselves. And I would say that the set up, the company is clearly executing and set up for success and scaling at a great pace. So I think the future is very, very bright as they say in Washington DC, the state of the union is strong. So I think we all feel very, very confident about that. With respect to the Coronavirus, I'm sure, Marc, will have some comments on that but it's not affecting us right now. Certainly, we're concerned; we're watching to see what happens here. And we're empathetic to those who it is affecting. But overall I think where we are -- the company is in a terrific spot. And I think we're all proud of the result here.
KeithBlock: Well, I think you know it's always been a passion of mine and certainly of Marc's that we had a huge focus on speaking the language of the customer and the importance of industries. Approximately three years ago, we launched some incredible innovation with Financial Services Cloud as well as our Health Cloud. And we had some amazing wins in the quarter associated with both of those. Now when you think about the capability of Vlocity and what Vlocity brings to the table, I mean this is an organization of people who've been in the industry for a long time. Marc mentioned David Schmaier. They have deep, deep, deep industry and domain expertise. So this will really strengthen and accelerate and broaden the capabilities that Salesforce has in the verticals. And when you really think about speaking the language of the customers and the importance of these verticals, this is where you start getting into running the mission-critical processes of a company. And as great as our strategic relationships have been, this will further deepen them. So I think it's an incredible acquisition. I think it's going to be a huge adds to the company. There's no question that our joint customers pre-acquisition view this as very, very close partners. So I'm very, very optimistic about the impact that Vlocity will have on the company.
KeithBlock: Yes, Marc, I would just add, Kash that we all work hard here but we all work hard as an executive team and a management team. And sitting around this table, one of the things that I think everybody would say is that we all care about our customers and everybody sells. It's not just one person. And I've been around a lot of go-to-market teams, as you know, and there's no question, this is the finest one in the industry. It's certainly the finest one I've ever seen. So I think what I believe is that we've got a team that is clearly executing in Q4 and ready to execute in Q1 and beyond. And it's enormously talented and motivated. So this is not about one person. This is about a machine and a culture that was launched by Marc and Parker nearly 21 years ago, and I'm very confident in their ability to continue this going.
MarcBenioff: Well, thanks Heather for that. I think there are probably three things that have really been the big surprises with Tableau. The first is just I think I've mentioned this before on public.tableau.com, if you haven't seen that site or been on there to see the incredible level of innovation and size and scale of their community that has been continues to be in a surprise. It's inspiring for us certainly when we built our own app exchange and our own community of trailblazers. I think they kind of got it beat a little bit in terms of what they've been able to do. Now they have it -- they -- I think there's another opportunity for them to monetize that in a more aggressive way to build ISVs there. I think maybe we have that part figured out. So I've been encouraging them there to take that next step. I just was up there and made amazing company. Two, the CEO is awesome and we're thrilled to have Adam as part of the team and he has fit right in kind of like our lost cousin from the Northwest that we have now reassembled into the family. So that's very exciting and to have him and three, I would say that from a customer perspective, I have never had so many customers come to me on an acquisition and immediately tell me that they want to go enterprise-wide with it. This was slowed down a little bit last year because as you know the integration was a little bumpy. But as we now get into our new fiscal year, the way that we have architected our distribution, organizations and compensation plans is to give as much throughput. And I was going to say Vlocity, but I have to take another words. I have and as much acceleration as possible because I think every customer already loves Tableau. We just had our company kickoff here last week, two weeks ago and we had a customer come from a large financial services firm to speak to our employees to inspire them and the customer spoke about how they've always loved Salesforce but they secretly never told us that they also loved Tableau so much. And that was very cool and something that we've heard a lot. So I hope that I hope that kind of informs you how excited we are about Tableau.
MarcBenioff: 93% of our revenue is deferred. So that just gives us tremendous visibility into the future and this is a key architecture of our accounting and of our company corporation and how our relationships with our customers especially our deep contractual multi-year relationships with our customers. I think I mentioned how grateful I am to Keith and how delighted I am in his decision to move on and to a new chapter. And I will deeply partner with him and making that successful for Salesforce and for him and when I look around this management table here in this room, I'll tell you that I'm also very inspired by our team. Of course, Parker who has been by my side for 21 years could not have done it this without him. We also have our Chief Operating Officer, Bret Taylor who many of you know with his tremendous lineage at including Facebook and Google and his own private companies. Our Chief Legal Officer, Amy Weaver who is probably one of the finest executives who I've had the opportunity to work with. And our CFO, Mark Hawkins who just hit me on the side of my shoulder make sure I don't forget about him. But I also going to mention that there's two people who around the management table who are public company CEOs as well who aren't currently with us because they're traveling. One is Adam Selipsky, he is the CEO of Tableau, who is an incredible part of our management team and has provided an unbelievable value in the short time he's been here. And a new addition who's been with us as our Chairman of Europe but who has now become our President and CEO of International, could not be more excited to welcome Gavin Patterson who was the Chief Executive Officer of BT, headquartered in London and when you look at our total management team that Keith and I have built together that you have to be awfully proud of this group and I think it is the finest management team in the software technology industry maybe any industry but also our Board of Directors as part of that. I'll tell you they are phenomenal and our management team that doesn't include the people that I mentioned. We have so many amazing executives. I could go on and on. And they would love me to by the way. So I hope that answers the question. And I also want to just say [Foreign Language] Keith, which in Hawaii, we say to good friends because we know we will see them soon.
MarcBenioff: Yes. And let me I'll just double down on that by I don't double click because I use a phone, so I don't know what to say exactly or how am I supposed to touch or double touch or but I think Keith has really inspired us to be much more committed to verticals and vertical solutions than ever before. He's going to be a huge part of the legacy here. And of course, you know about our Financial Services Cloud and our Health Care Cloud, our focus on the government, our vertical solutions team, which is also, based in Seattle near our Tableau headquarters. And now with Vlocity, well, many of these executives we have worked with and worked together with for maybe 30 years or more, we know them extremely well. We were [Technical Difficulty] with us to create this company.  I'm especially excited that David Schmaier is coming into Salesforce. He's one of the finest executives who I've worked with, and I couldn't be more excited about amplifying the vertical strategy with them. And I'm sure we'll have many more things that we'll be ready to announce that have honestly been inspired by Keith's tremendous vision and passion toward taking our incredible platform but delivering it by industry and also, as Keith said so well, in the language of our customers, which is something he's just done a beautiful job executing in the company.
MarcBenioff: Well, I think that Keith would be the first to say that he has built a world-class distribution team that goes across the world. When we promoted Keith to Co-CEO, one of the things that he said to me is he wanted to get out of the business of running the Salesforce. That's been something that we've worked to do. Through that, we have built an incredible distribution management team with some of the best executives in the world who are go-to-market. And I don't think you're going to find a better team who can execute on that in the same way that we have a great technology team. The other half of any software company is the distribution team. I would give both teams A plus, and I couldn't be more excited about their capability to go forward and execute our business plan.
MarcBenioff: Well, Parker, I couldn't be more grateful to you. You've been a great co-founder and have been there every step of the way. I think that probably for both of us, we had three visions when we started the company: One was a new technology model, which the cloud that has become mainstream; One was new business model, which was selling software as a subscription; and the third was a new philanthropic model, which was our 1-1-1 model, which has evolved into our deep beliefs in stakeholder capitalism, our core values of trust and customer success and innovation and equality, our dream that the work that we do at Salesforce is repeated in values and ethics and other companies that we inspire other companies also to improve the state of the world. Those are all very important parts of Salesforce. You mentioned visions like one trillion trees, where we hope to sequester 208 gigatons of carbon over the next decade, where we've partnered with several governments, including the European governments, the U.S. government, Chinese government, Colombian government and others. These things are extremely important to us. We are in a planetary emergency. We need to be taking care of our environment. We all need to be focused on becoming net zero as companies and organizations, which Salesforce is. We all need to focus on sequestering the 280 gigatons of carbon that have been emitted into the atmosphere since 1750. We need to get all the plastic out of the ocean between before 2050, where there'll be more plastic than fish. These are important visions for the environment. We need to show how companies can unleash their good, like we talked about in the script, whether it's volunteerism or grants or working with schools or whether it's gender equality, where we're deeply committed to paying men and women equally for equal work that we believe in the equality of every human being and that we can be an example of a company at scale on how to bring our values to the world, and we can work with governments of all types. We can work with companies. And that's the mission that we have as a management team, as an executive team, that we want to build be a company that builds great products, which Parker has done, but also be ethical in our behavior and realize the power that has given us as a company as great and that we need to do that. I think that we have the opportunity to work with now so many chief executives all over the world. Keith mentioned a deal that we did this quarter, Volkswagen. And Brad and I met with Dr. Diess, the CEO of Volkswagen, as we're getting ready to close the deal at the World Economic Forum in Davos. These are important partnerships that we have to influence other companies, not just Volkswagen but the hundreds of other companies that we met, for example, in Davos, sort of that we'll meet this quarter all over the world. We hope to inspire them and influence them in these areas. This is an important part of Salesforce and what we're doing. So I would say that if I was to have the greatest surprise, it was that those three visions all came true, that we're a $21 billion in revenue this year. But for sure, we have a dream that's much greater than that. We've given guidance of $35 billion. The company can be bigger. But just building a company to do more revenue is not what we are about, nor is it what we've ever been about in this company. The deals are important. The revenue is very important. Improving the operating margin is very important. The cash flow is extremely important. The business metrics are important because it shows that you can do good and do well at the same time, that this is an important part of who we are as a company. That's at our very core. That's what stakeholder capitalism is, that we can serve our shareholders and our stakeholders. I think that that will become amplified in a world where things seem increasingly crazy. We all see what's going on in the world. There's no mystery. And Salesforce is an incredible company to take that forward. So we want to deliver outstanding business performance and shareholder return, and at the same time, we want to deliver world-class stakeholder return to inspire companies to do all of those things.
MarcBenioff: Well, I think I'd really like to address that because I think we so strongly believe that we actually do need an acquisition pause after Tableau. It was, by far, the biggest deal we've ever done, significant and far more exciting than we could have ever imagined. The partnership has been incredible. And I don't think we anticipated doing even a small deal like because Vlocity is a relatively small transaction. But in our relationship with Vlocity and the way that we originally invested in the company, it created a situation for acquisition that we needed to take advantage of and which is why we have acquired it at a very attractive price because we have been partners with them from the very beginning. And this was a moment in time, I think, that we don't see some huge opportunity to do a lot more acquisitions right now. It's not something that we're working on. We're very much working right now on the execution of our business and the execution of our fiscal year 2021 business plan. We have written what we call our V2MOM, which is our business plan for the year. We have, two weeks ago, brought our executive management team together, our top 600 officers. We have presented it to them, and they we have instructed them to execute it. And we feel very good about that plan, and we feel very good about where we are. We don't anticipate any major acquisitions in the short term. And maybe, Mark, you'd like to fill in some details.
