Marc Benioff: Thanks, Rick. At Dreamforce, we're going to be announcing Work.com, which is our rebranding and redevelopment of Rypple. You'll be seeing the kind of the new version of that and our direction there. You'll -- we'll also have with us Aneel Bhusri is the CEO of Workday, and you'll see how we are working hard to integrate with them to deliver a full HR suite to our customers between salesforce.com's Work.com system and Workday. And you'll also see Workday's integration with Chatter as well. We're very excited about our initial focus here into HR.
Marc Benioff: Sure. The first thing that I'll say is, of course, salesforce.com is not dependent on any one type of transaction to make its quarter happen. We have a rich and full portfolio across small, medium and large business as well as small, medium and large transactions. Salesforce.com had an outstanding quarter in large transactions. We profiled some of those, including Allergan and Virgin and Nestlé and others. And we also closed a very large transaction, in fact, one of our very largest transactions ever, with a large networking technology company, which consisted of both a very important renewal plus an extremely large additional ACV or what we call first-year contract component, and so it was really a great quarter for large transactions.
Marc Benioff: We saw really excellent performance across enterprise and medium business through all geographic regions, and we saw some softened sales in very, very small businesses in the U.S. that we think are related to the economy. But as you can see, it didn't affect our total performance as an organization.
Marc Benioff: I'm really focused on how do we get the marketing cloud to $1 billion in revenue. And our strategy is really, first and foremost, to pick up the #1 asset in the social media marketing, which was Radian6, which we did a year ago. I think when we did that, that would -- made it really clear to everyone that we were going to be a player in marketing for the first time. That was driven primarily by our customers. You probably saw Dell and the Gatorade and even the American Red Cross all had built these social media command centers and started to promote them on YouTube and other vehicles and came to us and said, "This is a company that you should be paying attention to." And we acquired the company for over $300 million. And as part of that transaction, we really started to look at what was happening on the total marketing space. After successfully integrating them a year later, we saw that there was going to be a consolidation in social media management. And our strategy was very simple, we had to once again acquire the #1 player and leave the #2 and the #3 and the #4 player to others, and we did that with Buddy Media. And by putting those 2 #1 players together and 2 outstanding leaders, with Michael Lazerow and Marcel Lebrun, we were able to reconceptualize what those 2 products now have created, which is really a 1 plus 1 equals 3. And we'll demonstrate for that for the first time at Dreamforce. Now as you probably know, just before we acquired Buddy Media, they had acquired Brighter Option, which is a major visionary in terms of how ads will be acquired and placed in social media. And you'll see that as a strategic part of our marketing cloud. Now in terms of that as part of the marketing cloud, we believe that CMOs are going to want their own cockpit to fly, their own fighter jets, because honestly, CMOs are going to start spending much more than CIOs in technology. IBM has said that, a lot of companies have said that. We agree with that and we want to invest so that we can take advantage of that spend. But what no one has delivered yet is really that cockpit for the CMO and for all those marketers integrated with the sales and service solutions so that companies can have a total 360-degree view of their customer from advertising to close. And we're going to offer that solution at salesforce.com. We're already #1 in sales. We're already #1 in service. It's very clear to everyone, I think, we're going to be #1 in marketing, and of course, we're #1 in business platform. These are really our 4 major strategic growth levers for the company, and then it's complemented by our support of Chatter and collaboration and our entry into work.
Marc Benioff: Well, Heather, if you go to our website, you'll see yesterday, we started to roll out the next generation of our home page, which is the next generation of our positioning. And you'll see how sales, service and marketing are at the core of how salesforce.com positions itself. First and foremost, Heather, you know that we've made a dramatic investment over the last decade in building out really the single most productive Salesforce in enterprise cloud computing. And that Salesforce is able to sell a lot of different types of solutions. We've demonstrated its ability to sell sales solutions. We've demonstrated its ability to sell service solutions, and we believe this year we have already started to demonstrate its ability to sell marketing solutions. We have to be able to sell to that chief sales or chief revenue officer. We have to be able to sell to the chief service officer. We have to be able to sell to the chief marketing officer, and we have to be able to sell to the chief information officer. And when you get to Dreamforce, you'll be surprised to see how many chief executive officers are there. In fact, many chief executive officers of our customers already signed up to come to Dreamforce, including, as I mentioned, Richard Branson, and even Jeffrey Immelt is coming in a nonpaid capacity to talk about the transformation that GE is making into a social enterprise. And we will demonstrate for the first time how General Electric's aircraft engines are integrated into Salesforce's Service Cloud and Sales Cloud to offer a complete picture to their sales professionals and service professionals on how their technology is operating, and they're going to talk about how that's made them more efficient or, what they say, how it lets them start to speak machine for the first time. And we think that this is the transformation that all companies are going to have to go through, and we're leading that. And I don't think we can make that transformation without marketing. And that's why we've made the investment in marketing. We've made the bets, and we are now executing. It's not going to happen overnight, but it's also not going to take that long, honestly. And I fully expect that, just as today we announced that we're over $500 million annual revenue run rate on service and well on our way to $1 billion in the Service Cloud, very shortly, we'll be talking about the same kind of numbers with the marketing cloud.
Marc Benioff: One year ago, we made a dramatic management shift in Europe, where we brought in the #2 from Oracle, Miguel Milano, to be our President of Salesforce Europe, and he has done a phenomenal job. And we're extremely excited about the performance of our European organization, and we really expect a continued delivery in Europe through the year. Our pipeline in Europe has never been more exciting, and our ability to do -- talk to and work with the largest European organizations has really -- has never been as confident as it is today, and we're continuing to invest. And in countries that we have not had a presence that are significant IT-oriented countries, we've talked about this in the last 36 months, we have invested not only in the U.K., which has been an anchor for Salesforce in Europe, but we've also made major investments in France and Germany, and those are paying off. And that is the acceleration that you're seeing today. We, as you know, have shied away from countries like Spain and Italy, and we're really focused on the U.K., France, Germany and the Netherlands as the heart of our first stage of Salesforce's growth in Europe, and we're really getting ready for that second stage of growth. And as we prepare to add more countries in Europe, we will bring you online and explain that strategy to you.
Marc Benioff: Well, I really appreciate that question, Jason. Thank you. I don't see this as a shift, honestly. The way I see salesforce.com is we're a company that helps our customers connect with their customers, employees and partners in a whole new way. And many of our customers view us as the customer company. When they want to connect with their customers, they come to salesforce.com. And what I can tell you, Jason, is that means that we have to deliver sales, service and marketing as a complete solution to those customers so they can connect with their customers. And of course, our platform is primarily used for those types of applications, whether it's Heroku, which I know you're very familiar with, our Force.com platform or our Site.com platform. In all examples, customers use those platforms as customer connect. They are working to connect with their customers in a whole new way. Their customers are in new places. They're on Facebook. They're on Twitter. Or in the case of Kimberly-Clark, like they talked about on their earnings call, their salespeople need to go with iPad into their customer premises to sell them their products. In all cases, we're prepared to support our customers. And when we get to Dreamforce, we're going to be showing you the next version of Salesforce's platform, which is the Salesforce Touch platform. And the Salesforce Touch platform, you'll see at Dreamforce, we're going to go into general availability pilot on our core Salesforce automation application running in HTML5, on multiple devices, and you're also going to see that we are delivering a full set of services for our customers to build their own services in HTML5, so they can have heterogeneous device delivery. Now when you look at our competitors, whether it's competitors who deliver their own operating systems or whether it's competitors who are just specific to enterprise apps, none of them have done this platform transformation. That is not only how we delivered the first platform success, but we have now delivered our second major technology platform, which is our HTML5 platform. And you're going to see that delivered in our core apps as well as right out of our Force.com, Heroku and Site.com services as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, Kash, I really appreciate that. You probably know we don't give billings guidance, and I wouldn't know how to answer that question specifically to you. What I can tell you is we're working hard to deliver a full range of transactions, but there's no transaction that has changed salesforce.com more than a transaction that we introduced at our last Dreamforce conference, which is our Social Enterprise License Agreement. That really redefined for our customer that they could sign an SELA with us and acquire all of our products in one concept: sales, service, marketing, platform all as one unit and without a focus on a per-user pricing. And we'll reveal at Dreamforce how many of these SELAs that we have signed, and I think everyone will be impressed to see so many customers, and so many customers in the room will sign SELAs with us. And I thing that's one of the core drivers of our growth. I mean, we had a great quarter, 37% on a constant currency. I don't think we could expect more than that, and I think we've got a killer strategy going forward as a customer company delivering sales, service, marketing, platform, collaboration and work to reconceptualize how our customers connect with their customers.
Marc Benioff: Well, that's a great question. When we look at a lot of the traditional marketing vehicles, like the lead-generation vehicles or the e-mail marketing vehicles, those are areas that we did not jump into, because we just didn't see the same rate of growth that we saw in social media marketing. And to that extent, we've mostly seen those companies be flat to modest growth and, in some cases, down. And we believe that fundamentally companies are moving away from e-mail as their marketing vehicle and lead nurturing, away from lead nurturing as their marketing vehicles and towards social media management. And that's why we're excited. Now I'm not saying that we won't include at some point e-mail and lead nurturing into our marketing cloud. If that's what our customers want, make no 2 ways about it, we'll deliver it to them. But right now, it's through partnerships. And one of the great things that Salesforce has developed is the AppExchange. If you go to the AppExchange, you're going to see thousands of pre-integrated applications into these services, all of our services: sales, service, marketing, platform. The AppExchange has a full range of those capabilities, and you're going to see an awesome, awesome range. There's been over 1.4 million installations of applications from the AppExchange, and it's been a heart of how we deliver value to our customers. And that's a way right there that we're already delivering that lead capability.
Marc Benioff: We haven't seen any change so far in the dynamics with our Service Cloud besides its outstanding performance for the year. The #1 change that's happened in customer service and support for the year is that salesforce.com moved into the position of absolute leader with Gartner. That was incredible for us, but it's been reflected as well in the market. Customers call Gartner and ask them which products they should buy. And they review the strengths and weaknesses of each product with them, starting with salesforce.com as absolutely the best product in customer service and support, whether it's in the cloud or on-premise. And we have seen so many exciting customers now deploy that product. I was recently on a Procter & Gamble website myself getting some technical information about one of their products that I use. And in fact, up came our Service Cloud, and I was really proud of our entire team. But not as proud as I was to see them go by the $500 million revenue run rate, which was larger than, perhaps, any other customer service and support solution in the market today. And I know they are well on their way to $1 billion in revenue. The growth rate has just been outstanding. The technology is outstanding. And whether it's sales where we're #1, service where we're #1, marketing where we're #1 and/or on our business platform, salesforce.com dominates the cloud. And we have a great strategy to make sure that our customers have all the tools that they need to connect with their customers and drive top line growth. And in every discussion that I have with a chief executive officer, that's their #1 goal, to have a customer obsession and to grow their companies. And salesforce.com is doing that. And that's why I am so excited coming into Dreamforce. We're really coming in hot based on all these great technologies that we have and clarity on our strategy and alignment with customer demand. So we're going to look forward to seeing you there. On September 19 will be my keynote, at 9 a.m. And we've got a great concert that night with the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The next day, we'll be doing some incredible technology programs. Also on September 20, we're going to be doing our Analyst Day, as David said. I hope I'll see all of you there. That night, we've got our Children's Hospital benefit concert with Lady Antebellum. And then Friday is Tony Robbins day at Dreamforce, and if you want to be motivated and excited at a level that you've never been before, we're going to see you on Friday, September 21 for Tony Robbins day. It's going to be like nothing you've ever seen at a technology event. All right, and back to David.
Graham V. Smith: So first, no, it's actually really gone very well. We've seen very bold acceptance from our customers, and clearly, there are always a small number of exception cases that I get involved with. And remember, I have to approve all the exceptions to this personally, so I'm able to sort of get a sense of how this is going very directly. We've seen a very consistent shift, actually, over the last few quarters. So looking at whether we look at Q4 or Q1 or Q2, the overall shift has been around 5 percentage points to annual away from semiannual, quarterly, monthly. So that's sort of the shift, and certainly, as you say, we're right around 2/3 annual in most quarters. As you know, that goes a little above 2/3 in Q4 because we have more large annual contracts typically in the fourth quarter, but roughly a 5-point shift for the last few quarters since we've initiated the program.
Graham V. Smith: Sure. In terms of the off-balance sheet backlog, I mean, that number is going to -- the sequential change is going to be up and down. So for example, in Q1, we had our largest transaction ever and at that point, we renewed our largest customer ever for multiple years. And so some quarters, we'll have a very large replenishment into that backlog. And then some quarters, we won't get quite as much. And again, we disclosed that as an approximate number just to give people a sense for what we have contracted. It's not meant to be a super-precise number. And then the second question you had was around SELAs and are we going to see volatility. I mean, I'm not sure if you mean the number of SELAs we're signing. I think, obviously, we've been, as March outlined earlier, we're very pleased with our large transactions each quarter. Certainly, this quarter was a great quarter, and we outlined some of those on the call. And in terms of pricing, again, we've seen very, very consistent pricing over the last 8 quarters, that's kind of the window I look at for all of our major additions and geographies and sales segments, and we see very consistent pricing level. So we don't see volatility there at all.
Graham V. Smith: No, we gave you 2 numbers. We gave you the sequential change, which was $17 million. That was the headwind sequentially on deferred revenue -- sorry $14 million, I beg your pardon, and year-over-year is $26 million. So we gave you both those numbers, foreign exchange impact on deferred revenue.
Graham V. Smith: Well, as I mentioned earlier, we've essentially absorbed a, roughly, $10 million headwind in the new guidance range that we put out today. So we've sort of -- we've tried to incorporate what we see as the likely FX environment for the second half. And we, obviously, each quarter, when we give guidance, we kind of take a small hedge against where the rates are. But clearly, this quarter, rates moved a lot. So clearly, we try and build in a reasonable assumption around FX rates for the second half when we give guidance. And we, obviously, just try to do the best job we can in this very, very volatile environment.
Graham V. Smith: So I don't want to, obviously, as you say, get too far down in the weeds. I think when we -- when this anniversaries in the fourth quarter, we would certainly expect the magnitude of the sort of reconciling items we've been talking about to diminish. However, I think we're going to continue to see a shift toward annual billing for at least the next 18 to 24 months from now. We still have plenty of customers. As I mentioned, we've got roughly 2/3 paying us annually, and the other 1/3 are paying us either semiannually and quarterly and then a small number monthly. We've still got all of those customers at some point to renew, and we will, obviously, be encouraging them to move to an annual bill frequency, too. So I think this will play out positively over the next 18 to 24 months. But clearly, as you say, when it anniversaries in the fourth quarter, the magnitude of those reconciling items is going to decrease.
