Marc Benioff: Well, thanks, John. And really excited to be here, really excited for the first quarter and we’ve got some great people here for the call, we’ve got Keith Block here, our new Chief Operating Officer really excited to have Keith here, we have Mark Hawkins here, our Chief Financial Officer and you’ve all seen the press release, we’ve just had an awesome Q1. It’s the best Q1, we’ve ever seen. There is some incredible numbers you’re going to see including the cash flow number. Revenue for the first quarter as you saw grew nearly to $2 billion that was up 28% in constant currency that was just above our expectations. Deferred revenue also grew more than $4 billion up 32% in constant currency that was also above our expectations to see deferred revenue grow with a three in front of it at this size and scale. Dollar value of booked business on and off the balance sheet at $11.6 billion, up 28% from a year ago. We improved our non-GAAP operating margin which Mark is going to talk about and it drove $1 billion in operating cash flow as I mentioned but that’s 43% from a year ago, pretty great. I’m also thrilled to announce we’re raising full-year revenue guidance $80 million raising the guidance we feel really excited about that, $8.2 billion is the high-end of our range and our current outlook puts us on its square path, look we are going to see now that we’re going to realize very shortly our $10 billion dream. We’re well positioned for another great year. This is amazing I think that one of the reasons that we are doing so well is because Oracle and SAP are doing so poorly in the cloud, they just have not been able to make that transformation that we’ve made, that other companies have made, and we just continue to take market share from them and gain customers at a record levels and you can see that their growth numbers are nothing like we’re putting up here as we deliver our first quarter and it’s happened because Salesforce is really the only company totally focused on companies helping to connect with their customers in a whole new way. We’re in the midst of a massive generational shift; a new generation of customers and consumers is clearly emerging. We have been calling them here at Salesforce C generation customers. Customer generation, consumer generation that these are people who want it now, they want it fast, they want it easy, and they’re mobile, they’re social, they’re always on, and our customers are working to connect with the C generation in new ways, very exciting. I mean this is really part of a huge shift that’s happening in computing. We’ve gone from the first generation of computing which was very much about systems of record to the second generation which was systems of engagement we talked about that on these calls many times over the last 10 years. And we are clearly moving into this incredible world that the system of intelligence that’s all yielding these incredible systems of customers or C generation customers that are -- that our customers are connecting to. And that’s we’re so excited about. I know you all hear more about those shifts that are going on. Well I’m encourage you to come to our World Tour Event in London tomorrow we’ll have 15,000 people in person bigger than most companies user conferences for us it’s just another visit to a great city in the world. And then next week we are going to be in New York for World Tour New York which is already sold out. So we’ll be excited to see you there. And in San Francisco on June 7 and 8, we’re going to be hosting Trailhead DX which is our brand new developer conference. It also I believe is already sold out, but it’s going to be an amazing event we are going to have plenty of opportunities to watch it online. Hard to find venues around the world to host these large events, Trailhead DX you’re going to see the next generation of software’s, Salesforce’s software development capability including our new lightening systems, component based development as well as the ability to build one-on-one journey’s with customers and a huge focus, a huge focus at Trailhead DX on how to rapidly and easily build mobile applications. And really excited to visit with all the Salesforce customers and developers who are coming Trailhead DX. Okay. Well finally let me tell you, we’ve got Dreamforce coming October 4 through 7 in the details. I know the bands that are playing. I know what’s going on and I’m going to give you too much of that yet I can just tell you it’s going to be the biggest and most exciting Dreamforce ever and its synergy also just a great year and Keith, you’re a huge part of making it such a great year I think we’re getting ready to celebrate your third anniversary at Salesforce is that right.
Marc Benioff: June 2, all right, well we’re going to get those cupcakes ready, but Keith before we do let me just congratulate you on a great quarter. Congratulate on your promotion, your excellent leadership in the company, and why don’t you to tell us, what happened with customers this quarter.
Marc Benioff: Yes, I think that we have really been focused on how do we accelerate the Sales Cloud. I mean it’s a huge number of revenue numbers incredible and the growth rate is also incredible. And the areas where the Sales Cloud is really accelerated are, number one we’ve done a huge amount of innovation with the Sales Cloud starting with Lightning probably you know we’ve completely rebuilt our core platform of Salesforce which we now call Lightning and we have rebuilt how the Sales Cloud is manifested to our customers especially in regards to mobile technologies, you can see that, if you go on the app store and download our Salesforce1 app which is now millions of users, millions are using that to access Salesforce. Two, we’ve also created some amazing new capabilities for us the Sales Cloud probably the most popular is our Pardot capability which is a part of a Sales Cloud very exciting accelerator for us as well as SteelBrick. And these things and others really have led us to kind of what I’d say the most reboot the Sales Cloud, recreate the Sales Cloud, reenergize it, and this kind of accelerated revenue growth for to something that we’re very, very excited about.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that when you look at our platform and you want to understand its growth you just have to look at the recent Gartner Magic Quadrant for mobile application development and deployment. I mean we’re ranked as the leader and in so many other of course analysis by these independent analyst agencies they have marked our platform as the leader and I’ll tell you why that is because there is a full segment of the developer population that we are speaking to who want to rapidly build and deploy applications especially, and I said this in the previous answer, in the mobile environment. And only Salesforce -- only Salesforce has let you rapidly build and expand and create these applications using Lightning and deploy them on all these different devices. And for those of you who have tried it or seeing the traffic around it on social networks like the Twitter and others know we have hit a huge home run in regards to Lightning; we have our customers’ imagination. For those of you who attended the February 2 event with -- at the St. Regis, you heard Accenture, who is deploying this technology not just for its customers but internally to tens of thousands of users almost 100,000 users and how they have accelerated their application development capability internally by turning to Lightning. And so that is what is driving the power, we’ve rebooted our core platforms and you’re seeing that reflected in our Sales Cloud, in our Service Cloud, in our platform, in our community, in our core applications that are running currently on that Lightning platform, that’s been a huge growth driver and I believe that because Lightning is so unique and so special in the industry that it lets our customers build these applications quickly at a very low cost and deploy them across so many different platforms that we’re going to see a continued growth in core clouds.
Marc Benioff: Let me -- may be I could jump in here. One of the things that you touched on was the have a little fun here. The Wave, you had asked a little bit about that, sir, and we’re seeing nice growth with The Wave, it’s again we are very pleased with the way that’s progressing. And by the way, the big deals that Keith had just called out in terms of AWS is using Wave, Live Nation is using Wave, we can get big customer after big customer using Wave. By the way I use Wave as we run a Fortune 500 company and I absolutely love it. So I love the growth rate, I love the large deal penetration with it, I love the momentum. Keep in mind its version one. But the thing I call out and may be Mark or Keith want to talk about this, but Bob Stutz, we are just super happy to have Bob here and he is thinking beyond Version 1 and that’s just really exciting to me. And that’s the Wave comment from my standpoint. I guess the last point was around you had asked around the sales cost market, market size and I don’t know if there is any other additional thoughts there.
Marc Benioff: Yes, we are and I’ll tell you why that is I’ve touched on it a number of times but I will circle back one more time because I think it is important. I think it’s important because I think for a lot of companies to get to this level of a product they kind of put it on maintenance they abandon that. They look another way and they hope to kind of bring in the next horizon. They look to kind of Jeff Moore’s more commentary on what is the next wave or whatever and they move to that next product. For us we’re not, we have that of course we have multiple -- successful multibillion dollar product in the company everybody knows that. But we have not give it up on Sales Cloud because there is so much more that we can do and you saw that this quarter in that, we have rebuild this quarter with Lightning so that it works better on mobility. We have Salesforce1 which now has millions of users on it, I use it every day it’s never been faster, easier it’s level of acuity with Salesforce1 is phenomenal. We have SteelBrick, which our customers love this kind of CPQ kind of capability to be able to do court, quotes, and orders and all this incredible new stuff that SteelBrick does for us that’s built natively on our Lightning platform. We have SalesforceIQ which is a artificial intelligence front end, machine learning front end to Sales Cloud which is incredible. We have Sales Cloud; we have a Salesforce Inbox which is an email front end of Sales Cloud that is incredible. And we have many, many other things coming, many that you will see Trailhead DX, many more you are going to see at Dreamforce, we have not abandoned Sales Cloud we have doubled, we have tripled down on Sales Cloud, and because of that we have accelerated our growth rate and it’s exciting and our vision for Sales Cloud have not yet been fully realized. I mean we know that there is not just a cloud, there is not just a incredible Cloud vision for Sales Cloud, not just incredible, social vision you all know it has been built on this incredible engagement platform built on our chatter core and then extended into Salesforce1. Of course it has incredible mobility, the best of any enterprise application in the world with more mobile users gone up than any other application that I’m aware of. And we are now introducing this new AI wrapper that you can see that artificial intelligence is becoming part of Sales Cloud, you can see that already in SalesforceIQ, Salesforce Inbox you can see that in predicted journeys, you’re going to start to see that more aggressively and because we are innovating so aggressively on Sales Cloud you are going to continue to see great results because what customer does not want or need this ability to grow their top-line and that’s was Sales Cloud is giving them in this tough environment. And by the way all of those same things that I just mentioned work with Service Cloud, they work with our platform, they work with our community. We are have one very solid core platform that is extended through this work that we’re doing, jazzed about the capabilities in the company and what our developers are doing, what our innovators are doing I mean it’s still exciting.
Marc Benioff: Yes and I would just get back to my competitive comments which is you look at these other vendors and what they’ve done with their technology in this category, it’s been pretty poor and that’s why when you saw that Magic Quadrant from Gartner, we are way high up into the right because everyone also kind of abandoned their technology in this area and they are trying to -- they give it a lot of lip service but the reality is there is just no comparison between what we have and what the other vendors have at this point, it’s incredible and it comes through in our demos, it comes through in our wins, and it comes through in the core customer success.
Marc Benioff: Yes I would add in on that one too, Keith. I think you guys have landed some amazing big deals in the Marketing Cloud that’s been really, really productive in that way as well, so it’s really nice to see those attributes Marketing Cloud I think coming along really nicely.
Marc Benioff: Well, service is a huge focus of Salesforce and we -- I immediately kind of default to again my comment on innovation and as evidenced the innovation Gartner’s lead analyst just published Magic Quadrant on customer engagement if you haven’t seen it, you should get it and contact Gartner and you will see when you get it that Salesforce has moved farther up into the right of any product that I’ve ever seen in the history of Gartner Magic Quadrants. So you will have to look at that and we’re not done because where we platform in service completely on the Lightning which would be done by Dreamforce, we are continuing to add and extend service. It remains one of our most exciting fastest growing product, its going; it is chasing Sales Cloud to be our largest cloud I mean it’s an exciting market. Now service is a huge and exciting market there will be many players in service, just as there are many players in sales, just as there’s many players in platform. We are in mega markets and I like there’s innovation in service and competition and service it makes the markets bigger but it doesn’t change our position as being the number one, most important provider of service solutions in the world with largest market share that is what we want to be and continue and where we will continue to be.
Marc Benioff: Okay, well this is a great question and I’m going to go to Keith pretty quickly on this but you saw it in my February 2 presentation where we highlighted Accenture and where we’ve also now toured them around the world. You’ve seen the videos on YouTube between Salesforce and Accenture you haven’t, it’s a great opportunity go and check that out as well as the demos, you heard from their CIO, from their CEO, from their President that Salesforce is their fastest and more strategic growing practice. And it is their transformation practice; it is their key cloud practice. You also see that with the some of the other major SIs as well. I’m especially proud of our work with Deloitte. I’m especially proud of our work with Capgemini. And you know from the fourth quarter PWC was just an awesome, awesome relationship that is emerging. And we are delighted with that as well. All of these players have our full attention. Now for all of them they are kind of competing the growth to be the fastest grower with Salesforce’s ecosystem because all of our customers want service capabilities because Salesforce itself provides actually only strategic services. We don’t really provide these kind of core implementation services. So these large players have acquired many of the key parts of our ecosystem and you just saw that with IBM, they just bought Bluewolf. And they are very good company but they’ve all made strategic bets and they are trying to acquire our ecosystem as fast as possible. We’re continuing to invest in these companies, into these ecosystem companies, we want to start more companies that provides service capabilities, regionally in United States, in Europe, in Japan, and Australia, and other places in the world and these companies grow up and they get acquired by these large companies, that’s a great model for us of course our venture firm who has made a incredible return on that strategy over the last 10 years, now on top of that, I will tell you that I don’t think that there is a strategic systems integrator who isn’t making massive investments in Salesforce right now. And a lot of that has been led by Keith; I’m going to turn it over to him. He has really given us a partner focus that we did not have before and Keith can you kind of tell us how you doubled down on that and how you provided such great leadership around the systems integrators.
Marc Benioff: All right, I think that’s all that time we have for questions for today. So I want to thank everyone for joining us on our call for the first quarter. Look forward to updating you on our Q2 results in August and remember you register for Trailhead DX event here in San Francisco June 7 and 8 and of course Europe for Dreamforce October 4 through 7. So look forward to talking to you all in a few months. Thanks so much.
Mark Hawkins: Great, thanks Keith. As you’ve heard, we had a great start to the fiscal year with very strong results across the board. Our total revenue was up 28% in constant currency when excluding year-over-year FX headwind of 29%. Sequentially, we saw $4 million FX headwind. Sales Cloud accelerated in the quarter with 15% year-over-year growth. Service Cloud grew 32%. Marketing Cloud grew 29%. Apps Cloud and other grew 45%. In the region, EMEA grew 33% and APAC continued to accelerate a 29% growth, both on a constant currency basis year-over-year. Dollar attrition for the first quarter remained below 9%. While we continue to deliver this outstanding top-line performance, we also continued to improve our bottom-line as well. In the quarter, we delivered 283 basis points of year-over-year non-GAAP operating margin improvement, our eighth consecutive quarter of expansion. This help drive record operating cash flow this quarter as we delivered more than $1 billion of operating cash flow, up 43% over last year. I’m very pleased with these outstanding results, our first $1 billion of cash flow quarter, very exciting. These outstanding results reflect continued compounding of our invoicing in Q4 and to a lesser extent the early adoption of ASU 2016-09 which benefited operating cash flow by approximately $25 million in Q1. Deferred revenue ended the quarter at more than $4 billion. This was up 32% in constant currency when excluding our year-over-year FX headwind of $10 million. Sequentially deferred revenue had an FX tailwind of $51 million. We also continued to drive an increase in annual billings in the quarter with 79% of all subscription and support related invoices issued with annual terms. This benefited year-over-year deferred revenue growth by approximately one percentage point. Moving on to guidance. With our strong start in Q1, we are raising our FY 2017 revenue guidance to $8.16 billion to $8.2 billion. We’re also raising our FY 2017 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance to $1 to $1.02. We now expect year-over-year operating cash flow growth of 25% to 26%. For Q2, we’re expecting revenues of $2.005 billion to $2.015 billion. Non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.24 to $0.25, and our year-over-year deferred revenue growth of 26% to 28%. To close, we had an outstanding quarter and we’re off to a great start for FY 2017. I’d like to thank the entire Salesforce team for these great results. With that I’d like to open up the call for questions.
Mark Hawkins: So let me jump in also catch with the second question around three nine-figure deals which obviously we’re very pleased with all the reasons that Keith and Marc talked about and you’re absolutely right in the sense that these big deals are multiyear deals and so what happens is the first year gets billed and that will show up in our deferred revenue and then ratably recognize over time. But the multiyear aspect to that does not show up in our DR, it shows up in our unbilled DR. And what’s amazing about that is when you put our billed and unbilled book of business together, we have $11.6 billion now growing at 27% year-on-year. So you’re picking up some of that that really, really good business that’s going to show up it hasn’t been billed yet but it will over time. Great question, Kash.
Mark Hawkins: Hi, Marc, I agree. And the thing I would add in Steve is that not only as it accelerated this quarter, this is the fourth consecutive quarter of Sales Cloud accelerating in terms of the year-on-year growth, and so all this stuff that Marc is talking about is taking hold. And the other thing keep in mind and I know you know this Steve, this is U.S. dollar growth that we are talking about not foreign exchange because you alluded to like where is the growth coming from and in fact that’s another point to be aware of. But the third thing I would say is when you look at all the innovation Marc is talking about and you look at market share and you probably extend we took market share again in Sales Cloud but even more importantly we took market share at the CRM level. Number one again, I took a 150 basis point and our key competitors are falling behind and actually losing market share and so that’s exciting to but this is a continuing trend, it is not just one acceleration quarter, Steve.
Mark Hawkins: And just add to that, just in case you haven’t seen the report yet so, we gained 330 basis points and the report that just came out I mean it’s pretty major share shift it’s to add on to our already number one position.
Keith Block: Yes, so a couple of things, first of all the acceleration in Sales Cloud this is what is Marc said, this is one of the most successful products in the history of technology. And one of the great things about this company is it continues to innovate and this has been a refocus point for us to continue to innovate and accelerate innovation around Sales Cloud and you see that in the results and we’ve leveraged that great innovation and that base to drive vertical specialization. As you know we announced and made for GA available the Financial Services Cloud and the Health Cloud in Q1 and we had several customers sign up in the quarter. So we’re starting to get a lot of momentum. So we’ve been talking about it for a while part of our industry strategy has been around messaging and then releasing these first vertical products focus on financial services industry and healthcare industry and life sciences industry. And again you do that with amazing technology with Force you do it with amazing technology leveraging the underlying cloud and you add industry specialization to it and that’s why we’re getting to see these results and this reacceleration.
Keith Block: Yes, Heather, just to your second question well large deals is certainly an indication of how deep these relationships are becoming with these customers but they are not the only indication I mean certainly in Q4 we had two of the largest nine-figure deals that we had in the history of the company. In Q1, we signed up again another very strategic long-term relationship. Right our business is based on a balanced portfolio across all market segments whether it’s SMB or midmarket or the enterprise space. And there is a lot of room there. So there is an expectation from our customers to play a more significant role across the board and certainly in the enterprise in fact Marc and I met with a couple of CEOs yesterday who were talking to us about how they bring their companies into kind of this age of the customer and drive digital transformation and that’s becoming a regular dialogue but this is both a mind share and a market share gain and we strive for balance in our execution and a balance in our portfolio of business and customers. Again, it’s not from top to bottom, SMB all the way up to enterprise. So we got great momentum, we expect that to continue and I think we’ve got a terrific playbook with an incredible portfolio of products that satisfy our customers’ needs.
Keith Block: Well thanks for that question. Number one I’d say we love Amazon, we’ve got a great relationship with Amazon, they are a huge user of Salesforce and that certainly has been a huge part this quarter as well. We did a very significant and very large transaction with Amazon and Jeff Bezos, and I have a great meaning of the minds, the future of the cloud. I think that it’s been a great relationship and partnership for us. We want to continue to grow that and expand that strategically. We are definitely exploring ways so we can use AWS more aggressively with Salesforce. Of course we know that we run one of the largest application development capabilities in the world on AWS which is Heroku. We also are building our new IoT cloud on AWS. We also introduced new capabilities for our marketing cloud last week on AWS. And we have a lot of research and development capabilities in AWS. When you look at Amazon today, there is no public cloud that is more sophisticated, more well used by enterprises ad one that has more robust capabilities than Amazon. They have done a spectacular job in defining this kind of infrastructure as a service market. They of course dominated. I think you know they are doing themselves more than $10 billion a year in it. And we’re very happy to be so tightly aligned with Amazon and AWS. In regards to kind of future capabilities that you’re going to see with other parts of Salesforce while as we head towards our Developer Conference and as you head towards Dreamforce, I think you continue to see more announcements between Salesforce and Amazon and you will see our partnership and strategic alliance with them continue to grow and develop. And Jeff and I have a lot of very exciting ideas on what the next steps are. Okay, Alexa, would you take the next question.
Keith Block: I will just say it again; I mean this is one of the most exceptional products in the history of technology. And we, a product company as you all know when they come out with a great first product if you will, they leave it behind and they don’t continue to innovate but this is a company that is keeping innovation as part of its DNA and we have reinvigorated this product set, and we are very pleased with the results and our customers are loving it.
Keith Block: Just a final comment on the acceleration of Sales Cloud, if you think about the agenda of every CEO and certainly the most progressive CEOs, it is about growth, it is about shareholder value, it is about stakeholder value and this is why we align so well with our customers and this is why they are interested in our Sales Cloud, because they want to grow, they want to engage with our customers and this is the market leading platform and that’s why we are seeing a reacceleration and we are aligned beautifully with the agenda of the CEOs of the best companies in the world and that they are looking for solutions and this is the best solution in the marketplace.
Keith Block: Yes thanks for the question. So let me just start with the international markets into the second part of the question. This has been a big focus area for us over the last three years as part of our one of the three growth levers again extending our partner ecosystems, speaking the language of industries and focusing our resources internationally obviously we’ve made investments with data centers in Europe which we’re very, very excited about, our customers are obviously excited about that, we’re just responding to our customers in that regard. But we’ve also invested more in terms of customer phasing assets internationally because our customers want to engage with us more deeply, they want to have more strategic relationships. So we’re just seeing the results of this investment that we’ve made over the last three years. As part of kind of the market trends, there is a lot of legacy on premise providers out there quite frankly that are still trying to figure out if and how they can possibly transition to the cloud which is very difficult, a lot of companies will claim that they are a cloud company. But the reality is being a cloud company is about technology, it is about a business model and it’s about a culture of driving customer success. And these companies that had poor results or soft results, they represent the past and they do not have these three pillars that really were the foundation for Salesforce 17 years ago and that’s why we continue to drive success for our customers, we see great results in the marketplace, we are taking share quite frankly these other companies are losing share as we gain share. So we’re creating separation with them in the market. And we have the right vision, we have the right story, we have the right product, we have the right execution, we have great partners and we have great customers and that’s why you’re seeing these results.
Keith Block: Well we just came off with Connections. We had this incredible event last week in Atlanta where we had a record number of customers throughout for this event and a lot of great CMOs, lot of great C level executives, they love our messaging, they love our vision and we’ve done a very, very nice job of integrating not only integrating, I would say that acquisition that we made almost three years ago in June of ExactTarget but we continue to strengthen the product. So it is a natural adjacency to customer engagement along with Sales Cloud and Service Cloud. We continue to invest in the product, we continue to invest in the marketing assets as well as our field assets and we’re driving the results and the message continues to resonate.
Keith Block: Yes so again this has been one of our growth strategies to really drive this partner ecosystem in many fronts. And Marc mentioned a lot of the large and significant players and these are firms that have deep relationships in the board room, companies of all shapes and sizes all over the world, I mean Deloitte has been rebranded to Deloitte Digital and really when you look at the centre piece of everything that Deloitte brings to the table in terms of digital transformation, it starts with Salesforce. They have done a terrific job there. I just last week I addressed the Global Partners Forum at Accenture in Munich and talked about digital transformation and how Accenture and Salesforce are doing so well together. And just to give you an example of Accenture, we just don’t have a go-to-market relationship with them which is terrific and they continue to build their practice, they’re also a very large customer of us, so they are leveraging the Lightning platform, they are rolling it out very aggressively, they are getting all the benefits of it and they are building products on top of our platforms. So with a beautiful 360 degree relationship with Accenture that has really served as a model for all of these great systems integrators. I’m going to be with Capgemini in a few weeks to explore how we accelerate going to market with Capgemini. We collaborate with them very regularly about how to drive the market together. I was with the Vice Chairman of PWC, a couple of weeks ago talking about our growth strategies together and our job is really to work very closely with these very trusted advisors to listen to them, to help feed and drive the ecosystem because it’s just a huge part of our strategy.
Keith Block: Yes, John thanks for the question. So I think a couple of things. Number one just honestly this has been 17 years in the making. I mean, this is an incredible company with incredible people and incredible set of products and customers that I alluded to earlier and we’ve been able to gain in several markets share and momentum. Starting with Marc’s vision for cloud computing 17 years ago. So we’ve been able to capitalize on that, so that’s kind of point number one. Point number two is that, we find ourselves in a world where this convergence of cloud and mobile and social and data science and IoT all coming together and we kind of lit the match again with Marc’s vision 17 years ago and we’ve been able to reinforce that vision by driving success with our customers. And then over the last there is a third point, is over the last three years and successful as a company has always been, we have put a particular emphasis on the enterprise and a focus on expansion in our international markets becoming trusted advisors by speaking the language of the customer around the industries and building out our ecosystem kind of probably answer the question about our SI partners before, so all of these things are coming together. We are built for last that’s been part of the strategy from 17 years back. And I think in the last three years as I said all these key parts are just augmenting but it’s always been a great company with great products and great leadership and incredible employees and customers.
Keith Block: Yes, so this is Keith. So like this is really a multifaceted thing number one our job is to think a vision for our customers around driving success and customer engagement. And then we have to back it up by driving that success and one of the ways we do it is with industry leading products and that starts with our platform. So that platform is really the secret sauce that allows us to engage drive this customer engagement level for all of our customer base in the market. So we do create a vision, if you will, we do create demand but there also is timing in the market as I talk about early between this convergence as part of the mobile, social data science and IoT all coming together. So customers are seeing a need because the market is right for disruption with all these technologies, our platform is amazing. So we’re able to deliver on that product and then we have build out this incredible ecosystem or ISDs who are building on our platform and they are driving success with our customers by building unique solutions, they love the vision of Lightning and the reality of Lightning and so all those things are coming together. So it’s kind of a push pull effect, the market has been created and we feel that and it’s very cyclical and as a result, you see the results in our platform.
