Marc Benioff: Well, there's basically 2 types of deals here at Salesforce. There's extraordinary deals which are eight-digit deals, and there's big deals that are seven-digit deals. And that's -- we're regularly seeing now eight-digit deals, and that's very exciting for us. Thanks for the question.
Marc Benioff: I think that Radian6 is a super-exciting product. I think we are extremely fortunate to be able to acquire this company. It's on a revenue tear, as you know. It's probably the fastest-growing of all the cloud computing companies that I've ever seen. The management team is spectacular. I think that probably one of the best parts of the acquisition was the CEO. Marcel is just a tremendous executive and a great new addition to Salesforce.com's management team. Each of their executives that I've met and their individual employees just have a very unique view and a very powerful view of the future of our industry. It certainly does set the foundation, for a marketing cloud, for Salesforce. It's the right place to start a marketing cloud when you look at today's world that's being driven by social networks. The most important thing in marketing is what's going on in these communities, and your brand has become a realtime conversation. It's not about advertising anymore. It's not about campaigns. It's not about events. It's all about the conversation on the Internet. And Radian6 is the leader in monitoring and managing that conversation for more than half of the Fortune 100. And they're really just getting going. It's a great team, great product, great technology. And if you haven't seen it, Laura, you get an account at radian6.com and you can sign up with the keywords that manage to you -- that are key to you, like all of the accounts that you follow, all the executives you follow, the products you follow, the competitors you follow. You put all that in, and Radian6 is going to give you the information you need to make better decisions. So it really is the beginning of the marketing cloud.
Marc Benioff: Well, what I really think is we are seeing an extraordinary growth rate, and we were meeting yesterday, reviewing the top 10 software companies in the world and their size and our ranking in them, and then we really look at how long is it going to take us to get into the top 5, which we really think is the really -- the doable next step for Salesforce.com. Of course, we're going to be the biggest cloud player, but we want to be one of the top five software companies in the world. That's our next goal. You've seen us pass $2 billion, you're going to see us pass $3 billion. I think that, that is just -- you can see it in our run rate, you can see it in our deferred, you can see the momentum that we have around the world. No success is linear, that's something that Mike Odel always tells me and I believe that. But I also look at 9 quarters now accelerating revenue run rate. Pretty awesome. And we see a big buying environment out there. And as I said, I met with 170 customers this quarter. They're all buying. And they're all looking to rebuild their enterprises. And we have to execute against that opportunity. Sales execution is a difficult thing, as you know. We did make a major investment last year. We've talked extensively with you about a 40% increase in our distribution. Organization, the vast majority of that is really probably yet to come online. And that's, as I've said publicly before, the upside. We have great products, The Sales Cloud, we've got The Service Cloud, we've got Jigsaw, we've got Radian6, we've got the Force.com platform, we've got Chatter. We've got plenty to sell. Customers want this next generation of technology. They want to build these social enterprises. You're going to see me next week in Japan with a major auto manufacturer talking about how we're bringing their products into the social networks. And how cars are becoming your friends in social networks, not just people. And that's true for all of our customers. They're looking at products in terms of how are their products integrated with our technology. We see our customers wanting to become cloud providers. Not just Groupon, but a lot of our customers who are maybe traditional products manufacturers, whether it's consumer product goods or traditional manufacturing. They want to build products that are operating in the cloud. And the reason why? Their customers are in the cloud, they need to get in the cloud to build their customers. We're that avenue, we're the bridge. How are you going to do that with SAP? How are you going to do that with Microsoft server? How are you going to do that with an Oracle Exadata mainframe? You just can't do it. And that's where we're getting the action. Because customers realize they're going to build new apps with our platform. They're going to deploy new types of social sales, new kind of social service, social marketing with Radian6. They see our social data collection and reporting through Jigsaw. It's a great opportunity. And it's really our sales challenge to get out there and to continue to close the deals, to do like what Laura was saying, to create the extraordinary transactions. And that's our opportunity and that's also our challenge.
Marc Benioff: Sure, I'll take that first. I mean, I think that, as I've said publicly, and if you go to my Wikipedia page, you can see a report that I wrote in 2005 to the President of the United States on the cyber security as a crisis, a prioritization for the government and for a lot of companies. And I think that cyber security is tough. There's no finish line when it comes to cyber security. Everybody's got problems. Everybody will have problems. Computers are not perfect. And you've got to double-down on cyber security if you're in our business, and honestly if you're in any business. I really think that this is one of the reasons that we are more successful, is because our customers cannot do this. It's tough. And there's no finish line when it comes the security. And there is no perfection when it comes to security. So we have to work harder and we have to be a surrogate for a lot of our customers in providing that capability. I think one area that we have a unique model that we've benefited from, is I think every day, maybe 2 or 3 of our customers show up and do security reviews with us. They're reviewing our data centers. They're reviewing our code. They're reviewing our networks. In many cases, those customers are only doing a couple of security reviews themselves a year. They've got an out-vendor, I don't know how many vendors Sony has, for example. We're obviously a vendor to Sony, but in terms of cyber security to Sony, how many vendors do they have checking their technology on a regular basis. Most companies have a couple, they check it a couple of times a year. We're fortunate, we've got people checking us every day. Is that the panacea? Is that going to be -- is that the be-all end-all? No, it's not. And so we have to -- we have to double-down, everybody does. And if it's, as I said at the Gartner symposium last year, if security is not your number one issue for your company, it should be. In regards to kind of reliability issues, with Amazon, they obviously had a problem. They got through it. They're obviously stronger for it, it's one of the benefits of the model. We've had our own reliability issues along the way, I'm sure you remember, and no computer is perfect. But if you look at, for example, our operating history now, over 12 years of operating in our service, I think we're about better than any of our customers. I don't know a customer that's had better reliability in operating history than Salesforce.com over the last decade. So I think cloud computing is the right model. Will there be issues? Of course. And we've got, or you've got to deal with those issues head-on and move on. And that's the reality of our industry.
Marc Benioff: When I look at growth and the importance of what we do for our customers, I would say the most important thing that we do is that we're a database. And the way to look at us, what we're doing, these hundreds of millions of database transactions every single day for our customers and it's growing, it grew to 60% year-over-year, that's my number one metric. I don't really look that much at the sales numbers. I don't really look that much at the revenue numbers. I'm mostly looking at the transaction numbers. I want to know, are customers using this product? Are they managing and storing their data in the system? Are we providing value to these customers? And that's why for years now, we've provided the transparency to you, our investors, so that you can also watch these numbers. We're unique in that. Microsoft has no such thing. There is no trust.microsoft.com, it's an oxymoron. There's no trust.oracle.com. There is no trust.SAP.com. The very thought of it makes them cringe in horror. But for us and for you, we need to see trust.salesforce.com to see the level of performance, growth, to see when things are going well, to see where things are not going well, to make sure that we're improving, and to make sure we have our -- keep our eye on the ball. There's nothing more important to our company than the trusted success of our customers. And that's why we have trust.salesforce.com. And I believe also, as we've seen with important and critical announcements that have been made by regulators around the world, transparency, like we're talking about, is going to be critical to cloud computing. The trust and transparency will be the hallmark of the services that we provide to our customers around the world.
Marc Benioff: Well, the platform is, by far, our most important product. It's our differentiator. It's our third most used feature by all of our customers. It's really the heart and soul of the company. And kind of just taking on the comments on the database, we don't really make a CRM app. We have a core through The Sales Cloud and The Service Cloud, and when we demo that and show it, it looks like an app, but really it's a platform. It really is about our customers' ability to get in there to customize the tabs, the fields, the screen layouts, to write the triggers, the stored procedures, the remote procedure calls, to add in the social networking, to integrate it with the services that they use, to tie in to our APIs. That's why we bought a company last year, Sitemaster, because websites have become so important to our customers as an integrated part of their CRM experience. And that's why we bought Heroku. And we look at the platform as a critical part of what we do for our customers and certainly when we talk about these extraordinary transactions that we have. Like the ones that we're talking about on the call today, these are platform-driven opportunities. When we're in there, we're winning these deals because when you use our platform, it's just not like anything else that's out there. It's not a fixed app. It's not a fixed app in your e-mail. It's not a fixed app running on your PC. It's a database that lets you manage and share your information at a much lower cost, to integrate it deeply into the social networks and run it on your mobile devices. And this is really what customers want. And they integrate it into your websites. And they integrate it into your Internet sites. And they build custom apps, and on and on and on. And as we look at the heat maps for our customers, we look at how far is the platform driving into their enterprises. We had a customer speaker at our management meeting a couple of weeks ago, and they've put up a heat map of how far we've gotten into their enterprises. There were 15 apps that they had built, all in the platform. And that's very much our strategy in our customers.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that all territories continue to be strong. And Europe is strong, the U.S. is strong and Asia is strong. And Japan, relative to what is going on there, is strong. And I'm making my first visit there since the disaster next week. And as I said in the script, we are surprised at how close that the numbers are for Japan and our Japan pipelines, and so forth. I'll assess in detail next week. But our brand and our commitment to Japan, I think, has never been stronger. And we will double-down on our commitments to Japan. And we hope to be able to show customers through our outstanding reliability, scalability and availability during the disaster, that we are absolutely the right thing for Japan. Our data center in Tokyo is running well in test mode. It had no interruptions during this disaster. And we will turn it on to production shortly as well, which will be great for Japanese customers. And we continue to expect a very strong Japanese business.
Marc Benioff: Well, I'll tell you that what I see in the enterprise buying environment is that the recession is behind these customers and that we're in the recovery. It may not be as big as everybody hopes it to be, but the reality is we are in recovery. And in addition to that, that customers want to buy new technology. And they want to buy new solutions. They recognize they need to upgrade and enhance what they have, that we're moving into this new world and they need to move their systems into that world. And that the traditional approach is not the right approach for them and that they're looking to new vendors, which are us and other cloud vendors, to make the transformation.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think the first and most important thing about virtualization is, you have to remember that the vast majority of sales of virtualization software to enterprises to create what has been called the private clouds are exactly that, it's software. It's a software product that you buy, install, upgrade and maintain to virtualize your servers, to make them more efficient. It's definitely a innovative step in the history of our industry where you can load software onto a server that may have not had the level of efficiency that you want as a large corporate customer, and you make that server be able to run multiple applications and multiple databases and multiple operating systems through this virtualization software. And that is virtualization. But that's not cloud computing, right? I mean that's not the public cloud. That's not the low-cost, efficient, shared model. That's not the 100,000 customers that we have running on 2,500 shared PCs. That's not kind of our cloud brethren, right, which are the very fast-growing companies who are delivering services. These are companies who are more running multi-tenant architectures, that are shared systems, that are delivering these applications directly over the Internet to millions of customers around the world. And that is the difference between kind of, what I would say our cloud computing model and the false cloud. And the false cloud, I think, is a cloud in name only, but I think when our industry shakes out, you'll see that this new model of public cloud computing will be the dominant model that enterprises will have automated themselves with just as it is, the dominant model that consumers automate themselves with.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think we're really at the beginning of the marketing cloud story. We're just starting in marketing. We're not -- I think that we just took delivery of Radian6 a couple of weeks ago. We're just starting to really understand what customers want. There's obviously a broad range of areas that we can move into in regard to marketing. Honestly, the problem is we're in a lot of things already that are hot. So I mean we're in collaboration that's hot. We're in sales that's hot. We're in service that's hot. We're in platform that's very hot. We're in data that's very hot. And now we're touching marketing. But before we, like, rush ahead and do building out the marketing cloud, which we obviously could easily do, because there's a lot of exciting assets there, there's a lot of exciting companies there. But we're very cautious about doing that because if we go ahead and build that out right now, what will suffer? What will we have our eye off the ball in one of these other critical areas? And that -- so I would say we're at the beginning of that, and certainly we've got a tremendous, tremendous position with a tremendous company with Radian6. And from there, we will, I'm sure, build a complete and full product line, but it's not an urgent item on my agenda.
Marc Benioff: Also just in case anybody cares, on June 2 in Washington DC, I'll be at our Cloudforce program -- oh, sorry, June 1, I'll be doing Cloudforce in Washington DC, where we'll be preventing a number of new technologies, including Radian6. And also, I'll be in Boston on June 16, presenting our corporate overview, strategy and, again, giving new technologies. Thanks, David, for letting me interrupt back there.
