Graham Smith: Sure. I think the other thing is we've also added product specialists, Heather, in those two areas. So we obviously have a large account exec teams focused on managing all of our accounts around the world. But we've, in the last year, added some significant resource for additional support to those teams. So I think that certainly helped those results as well.
Graham Smith: Yes, Adam, that's what goes into that number. It's essentially the contract, the unbilled invoice consumer contracts. If you think about it, if we're billing somebody quarterly, it could be quarterly invoices because it might be we billed somebody the first quarter and the other three quarters worth of invoices are off balance sheet. Or it could be a three-year or four-year and sometimes a five-year contract where we bill the first year and we have the other four yet to bill. So it's a mixture, and we certainly even incented our salespeople this year with some commission kickers to sign longer contracts, and it certainly appears to be working pretty well.
Graham Smith: And Brent, just to answer your question, we don't disclose the exact length of our average contract. It certainly did lengthen during the year. And then you sort of combine that with sort of the deferred revenue growth generally, and it's not difficult to see how we get to the 50% growth.
Graham Smith: Yes, a couple of things, Kash. I think first, obviously, our Q1 revenue guidance is a little more aggressive. Clearly, it's 28%, and then we've tapered that towards the back half of the year. And I think, clearly, we have less visibility to the back half of the year than Q1 and Q2. And I think it's fair to say we're anticipating, and I think recent events would support our theory, that it's still going to -- we live in a very volatile world, so we've sort of taken a little more of a cautious view on FX this year. Because I think we all view the euro as being a very volatile sort of currency right now against the dollar, or you could say it the other way around, I think. There's a lot of volatility. And then secondly, I think yes, we've added a huge amount of sales capacity. But obviously, as we talked about at length at our analysts events and so on, there's a ramp time for salespeople. So we've hired a lot in the second half, but we'll be working hard to get them productive. So we'll see them really come on stream in terms of revenue more in the second half of the year. And then, Kash, I think you've just got to -- I'll emphasize again that $25 million that ended up in Q4, and that's kind of unusual, single, onetime item. I think it's really best to assess our cash guidance and our commentary taking that number out. That gives you a better sense of really what's going on, and I gave you several other reasons why we just think first half cash flow is going to be a little tighter than it was in the same period last year.
Graham Smith: Just that we did in the fourth quarter, I think we did about 15 ELAs, among those big deals that we talked about. So we're very pleased with the sort of momentum we're seeing on the enterprise license agreement.
Marc Benioff: Well, that's a great question. You probably know we just finished up our business planning for the year, and we've issued our V2MOM, which is our vision and values, methods and obstacles and measures, to our worldwide teams and given them their goals. And we think that it's neither the Service Cloud this year or the platform. We think this is really the year of Cloud 2. Heather, what's going on with our customers is they are just seeing this dramatic shift to a new type of IT. Some of them calling it the consumerization of IT. I really call it Cloud 2. Where Cloud 1 was really about low cost and fast and easy to use, now we really see this huge shift to the next version of Cloud 2, which is social, driven a lot by a billion people on Facebook and Twitter and mobile with -- you see iPad's growth has been unbelievable, and analysts saying that they are going to see another 50 million tablets in use this year, sold this year in addition to what's already been sold. And then we're going to see really open systems. And I think this has been a huge opportunity for us. A lot of our customers had been very worried about the old vendors, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, locking them in to their old proprietary standards like .NET and C#. And they've been looking for these new open standards like Ruby and Java, and that's where we've really tried to deliver. And we're really focused on this next paradigm of computing and moving customers to that as quickly as possible, and the uptake has been awesome. And then when customers look to build those apps, they're using our platform because our platform lets you build these apps that are inherently social, mobile and open. And that's why I think the platform is exciting. That's also why I think the Service Cloud is exciting as well. And I think as we head to next week, it's going to be a big week. On March 2, we're going to see the next iPad release, which will be awesome. And then on March 3, we're going to talk about our strategy and our vision for how to take their growth and their acceleration and their momentum with that product and others and help CIO succeed. We're seeing more CIO interest in deploying iPads in the enterprises than ever before. It's phenomenal. Hope that answers your question.
Marc Benioff: Well, I would say this is very broad-based. All of our groups and product lines and geographies did fantastic. It was a monster quarter. And the deal flow in the quarter was just awesome. And a lot of that, I think, really has to do with a couple of things. First, I think we have seen a broad recovery from a couple of years ago, where existing customers were not adding new users. And I think that we can safely say we're over that hurdle, and that really contributed to this recovery. Two, we continue to see just really strong demand from existing customers. You've seen existing customers go enterprise-wide, where before we were at point solution, like with Dell, we had 30,000 users. We've got 100-and-something thousand users there now because of Chatter. So we're helping to transform our customers' business. We want our customers to be more successful, and we can give them an enterprise-wide transformational story about how to bring in these new technologies like their tablets and their mobile devices and their social paradigm and become better companies. And that is just being really well received. And when you compare that against what our competitors' position, it's pretty and completely highly differentiated. I mean, it's a different story. So I think that you see a broad recovery where you get existing customers adding again, which is great because we have almost 100,000 customers so every time you have one customer add a user, it's tremendous. Two, you've got a situation where our product is helping our customers go enterprise-wide. And three, we've got a tremendously well differentiated solution against the competition. And those three things, I think, are really working well together, and that's what we've really worked for this year. And you're going to see us, as we head towards Dreamforce in August, you're going to see us continue to enhance that going forward.
Marc Benioff: Yes, I really appreciate that question. We do have a radically different distribution strategy from a lot of our competitors and peers. We are focused only on a limited number of countries around the world. I think we've talked about that extensively with you before. The reason why we think that is true is because we, of course, have a limited amount of resource, ourself, for growth. And when we make major distribution enhancements, like the 40% growth in distribution that we made this year with our account executives, we want to put those executives into the markets where we think there's the most buyers and there's the most revenue upside. So we've really focused on the very top of the world markets, and that's why you see us spend a lot of time, work on, focus, build our brand in these core markets. We are not as focused on the emerging markets. We're really only in one emerging market, and really only in a minor way, and that's in India. We're really focused on core markets such as United States, United Kingdom, France, Germany, Canada, Australia. And of course, Japan is a huge and important market for us. And those eight markets really are the majority of our revenue and our bookings. And then we look at where do we go from here. And so we see, obviously, lots of opportunities, and there's a lot of upside in the rest of the world for Salesforce.com. And so we slowly test those new markets, and then we add them into our top countries.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think it's a very good question. And the reality is, you're right, I mean, Heroku is an amazing technology, an amazing company, tremendous founders. The company is really only a few blocks away from our headquarters. And when you walk into the office, when you meet the founders, when you hear about the technical vision, it's just stunning. And it's computer science that I've just never seen before. Using this kind of strong development model organized around the Jet with Ruby on Rails has given these Ruby developers the ability to build and deliver applications just more rapidly and more successfully than ever before. And I think they're adding about 3,000 new apps a week, if I am correct in that. I don't think we mentioned in the script, I mean, I have to check the exact number, but that's the last thing that I remember from Byron [Sebastian]. And I'll tell you that the reason, of course, that we bought the technology is not just that we're huge fans of Ruby, but we're really huge fans of Heroku. And what we saw there was them running multiple languages already. And we're not ready to announce new languages. We're not ready to talk about what they are. We're not ready to start revealing which languages are next down the Heroku pipeline, but we do hope to have a full range of languages on Heroku by the time we get to Dreamforce. And we're empowering and enabling that team. We're running that as an independent organization. We're giving them the autonomy and authority. We certainly do not pretend to be experts in managing and working with developers. That's why we did do the largest acquisition of our time because we think it's a game changer on Platform as a Service. And for the customers that we've rolled it out to, to the customers they already have, they agree. And if you haven't checked out Heroku and if your company's not building apps on Heroku, you should definitely give it a look.
Marc Benioff: One of the things that's really unique about Salesforce, and for those of you who have studied our technology in depth, you probably know Salesforce, the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud, the Collaboration Cloud and the platform. When we talk about it as kind of separate clouds or separate product lines, it's not. It's one integrated service. And mostly, we communicated using these brand names because that's what customers usually expect from other vendors. They get a server or multiple servers and their independent code basis. And the thing that's interesting about our technology is that they are really one-code based and they're one integrated offering. That's why when we do a major upgrade, everything gets upgraded at the same time, three or four times a year. And it's very often that a Sales Cloud user will start to integrate and use knowledge management from the Service Cloud, or a Service Cloud user will obviously start to use contact and account functionality from the Sales Cloud. And both of those guys, for sure, are going to draw from the platform to customize and to build that Apex Code that provides the referential integrity of the stored procedures. We have a deeply integrated data management technology, deeply integrated application development and deployment functionality. And then, collaboration. When we built Chatter, Chatter is deeply integrated into these services. It's in the database, it's in the platform, it's in all of the apps and it's its own independent app. And the power of that is, if you're building on Database.com you can tap into profiles and feeds. If you're in Salesforce, in the Sales Cloud, you're going to be using Chatter. If you're in the Service Cloud, you're using Chatter. And these are not independent technology steps, it's all one integrated thing. And so what you end up seeing is this broad uptick of this technology across-the-broad. And then when we find killer new technology that just really works, like Apex or like Chatter is the best example, you just see it take off throughout all the customers. That's why over 80,000 of them are now running the Chatter. And the only things that we have that are independent tend to be things that we buy, and then we try to integrate those very rapidly so that it's the same unified experience. In some cases, we're going to keep them lightly coupled. Like, for example, with Jigsaw, we're providing native integration in Salesforce.com, but the core Jigsaw service is separate. That's been a huge home run for us. We just can't believe the success we've seen with the Jigsaw capability. It's one of the core differentiators of the Sales Cloud in addition to the platform, in addition to Chatter, in addition to our iPad and our mobility support. Or Heroku is probably the best example right now with service that's truly independent and fully disintermediated from all of our other services. But even with Heroku, you're going to see tighter and tighter integration into all of our services because that's the way we architect that Salesforce.
Marc Benioff: I mean, since we first conceptualized Chatter, which was at the end of 2008, we've been able to build and have delivered and put into production for so many customers around the world. And I've obviously been a huge cheerleader and fan of the technology. But at the end of the day, we really saw two things that really motivated us. One was just the huge support of Facebook and Twitter. I mean, combined, those guys have got almost a billion users, and they're training people on how to use these services. And we know that, that's the way customers want to operate inside these organizations today. You look at those benefits of using Chatter, email use down a third in Chatter organizations. That's incredible. Median is down 25%, access to customer information up 50%. Those are some unbelievable numbers. I've never seen technology do that before. And then two, we saw here the independent social networks emerge, and some of those emerging inside our customers. But the reason we've been able to replace those, like, for example, in Dell and SunGard and others, is because they're not integrated with the corporate data. They're not integrated in the data, they're not integrated in the applications, they're not integrated into the fundamental business processes of our customers. And when we show them the combination of those two things and then running them in the mobile world, it's been a game changer. The only thing I use to run Salesforce is Chatter on the iPad. I mean, I get everything I need from that. And it's been transformational for me, and I know for so many of our customers as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, first of all, we don't have eight clouds. We have four core product lines. I think that, that was kind of one of the things that got misunderstood at Dreamforce and I'll talk more about that next week in New York. But our four core product lines are the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud, the Platform and, of course, the Collaboration Cloud. And these are our four core areas of focus for the company, and continue to be. As part of that, of course, there's other products that fit into that. Like for example, we have Jigsaw, which is a huge part of the Sales Cloud. We've got Heroku, which is a huge part of the platform. As is our Remedy Force, which is our efforts with BMC. They've built, as you know, natively on our platform for the last several years and have now delivered Remedy, which is help desk as a service, moving their mainstream product over to the Force.com platform. And that power of those four clouds, I really think that it's this unified strategy that we are really helping our customers to manage and share all their customer information in the cloud. I mean, at the end of the day, that is our vision. That's what we're helping our customers do. They look to us to manage and share that customer information in ways that they never did before, and we're making it better with Chatter. We're helping them to augment them, in many cases, with custom applications using our platform. But over and over again, we're the source of the customer information in our customers' databases. And they look to us to manage that data really well for them, whether it's the Sales Cloud, whether it's the Service Cloud, whether it's Collaboration, whether it's platform. And those are our four points of investment. I think because we have that clarity of focus, we've been able to do so well. I think it's why we've been able to make the right acquisitions this year. When you look at the Sales Cloud, we've made core acquisitions there like with Jigsaw and Etacts. When we look at the Service Cloud, as I mentioned, the core acquisitions like InStranet and Activa. When we look at the platform, core acquisitions like Symbian and like Heroku. And even in the Collaboration space, when we look at core acquisitions like we just did with Dimdim. That's how we think about our business around those four clouds moving forward. And because they're tightly integrated, the customers just tremendously benefit from that innovation and technology momentum.
