Michael Spencer: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thanks for joining us today on our fiscal 2024 fourth quarter results conference call. Our press release, SEC filings, and a replay of today's call can be found on our website. Joining me on the call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO; Amy Weaver, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Millham, President and Chief Operating Officer. As a reminder, our commentary today will include and -- will include non-GAAP measures, reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings materials and press release. Some of our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which could change. Should any of these risks materialize or should our assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. A description of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and other factors that could affect our financial results is included in our SEC filings, including our most recent report on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and any other SEC filings. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. And with that, let me hand the call over to Marc.
Michael Spencer: Yeah. Brad. Thanks for the question. I think the way to think about the price uplift, moving to Einstein 1 edition used to be a limited edition plus. It's really about the value that we're providing to our customers. Because at the end of the day, our ability to get increased price is about the value that we're going to provide. And so as customers start to ramp up their abilities on AI, ramp up their learnings, and understand what it means for them economically, our ability to get price will be dictated by that. Early signs of that are pretty strong. We feel good about the progress we've seen. It's only been in market for four plus months now in FY24, but we're encouraged by what we're seeing. But at the end of the day, it's -- we're trying to make it as simple as we can for our customers to buy it. But it's going to be predicated on the value.
Michael Spencer: So thanks for the question, Brad. And we thank everyone for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing everyone over the coming weeks.
Marc Benioff: It's a great question. And I think Amy will go back and say it was really this kind of moment in the middle of fiscal year, whatever, it was '23, where we started to see this kind of weird behavior. And then I would say starting last quarter, like you said, we saw these green shoots, and now I would really say it was kind of a 180, that -- it's really that AI, every customer realizes, number one, they've got to start a major investment cycle if they're going to remain competitive. Every customer is trying to achieve more productivity. I think we all know what that means. We certainly do. We've had to achieve more productivity ourselves over the last year, and they -- that is really about, in many cases, augmenting your employees. A lot of you've heard my Gucci story, there's so many stories, there's going to be so many more stories where these tools all of a sudden will really start to deliver much more productivity, better customer relationships and higher margins. CEOs get that. I think that is driving the 180. Obviously, we're also in the third phase of the pandemic. The first phase, we all went through together, it was horrible. It was my first pandemic. I had never been through anything like it. And then all of a sudden we were in the post-pandemic where we were in this crazy interest rate and inflation burn. Now we're in the third phase post, post-pandemic. And in post, post-pandemic, things are just better. Not just because we're going through this technology surge, but because all this other stuff is behind us and we're in a new normal and people know, hey, we need to invest to grow. We need to invest in technology to grow. And that, I think, is really driving the 180 for our customers, for ourselves. I think for a lot of you, we can all see it in the equity markets that it's not the equity markets that we had in 2021. So we are in a new place and we are ready to deliver. You're going to have -- you could be the judge yourself. When we get to Trailhead DX, I hope that you're all going to -- most of you have my text and email, text and email me and tell me what you think. Because if you see anyone else being able to deliver on the promise of enterprise AI at the level of quality and scale and capability of Salesforce, I'll be very surprised. And this is driving through different geographies, through different product portfolios. Green shoots. Brian, I want you to come in here and talk about these green sheets. But really, the 180 that we're seeing.
Marc Benioff: Amy, I think you should come in here and also talk about how you've seen the transformation of the business and the green shoots that you see happening or kind of the 180s that I’m talking about.
Marc Benioff: Well, Kash, this is basically what every software company wants. You want a new killer app. Sometimes you can get it through organic innovation. Sometimes you get it through inorganic innovation. We got lucky. We've done it with organic innovation, with Data Cloud. I think Data Cloud is everything that we want at this moment for a few different reasons. First of all, yes, it's an incredible new cloud and we've seen what that kind of can do for Salesforce when we had Sales Cloud to Service Cloud to Marketing Cloud to platform. And of course, we also had these other clouds that we picked up inorganically, commerce, Tableau, Slack, etc. But this incredible new organic cloud, the difference with this cloud and the difference between what's ever happened with Salesforce before, this cloud makes every other cloud better. So the hot new, exciting version of Sales Cloud, the hottest new feature in Sales Cloud, what's going to transform the tens of thousands of Sales Cloud customers that we have out there that we've been working on building for the last two and a half decades is Data Cloud. And Service Cloud -- the new version of Service Cloud is the Service Cloud plus Data Cloud. And Marketing Cloud read the gartner MQ. We vanquished all of the other competitors completely with this product because it's so deeply integrated with what we're doing already and everything else in marketing. And the platform is extended with Data Cloud. And if you have this other data infrastructure in your company, any of the big queries and the redshifts and the snowflakes, I went through all this. It's made better with Data Cloud because it unleashes that trap data to your users. This is a compelling reason to use Data Cloud all by itself. But that would be if we were not in the greatest transformation of our industry with artificial intelligence, where we so badly need this data. We -- yes, we always love to have another data lake. We would have loved to have a data lake integrated with sales cloud many years ago. Okay, we have that. But why is it more important right now? Yes, we have the data lake, we have the repository, we have the warehouse, but now it has deeply also integrated into the AI. That is why every customer must buy this product if they are going to achieve the nirvana that we can see for businesses, the trinity that we talked about, productivity, customer relationships, margins when you get data and AI working together. We can do it. This is our message to our salespeople, to our partners, to all of you. This is an incredible moment. That is why we have to execute like hell this year. Fiscal year '25 needs to be one thing, the year of Data Cloud.
Marc Benioff: A very good question, and an unknown. I mean, this is the future. Look, does anybody really know what is going to happen? I mean, we saw Minority Report war games, it was written by our futurist Peter Schwartz at Salesforce. Many decades ago, we've seen the movies, her terminator. Is this our future? Do we really know what's going to happen? Look, at the end of the day, we all know that everything is underway with AI. The future is unfolding between our eyes. And we all remember the Minority Report scene when Tom Cruise walks into the gap store and the hall store turns into a highly personalized experience. And the digital sales agents and the human sales agents all start talking. We got this Jeans last time, you need to buy the new jeans this time. Listen, if I go into the gap store right now, and I love the gap, amazing new CEO, San Francisco company, fantastic, incredible, worked with him at Mattel. But the store has not yet transformed into the Tom cruise scene. We know that, okay? But great products, great brand, great company, great lineage, great founders. Okay? We are on the verge of something huge happening for all of our customers. We have to be driving that. We think we have the solution. This is going to happen. We also need to be guiding it with the right values. We all know that. We have to have the right core values. I went to this AI safety summit. Not enough focus on values. The values -- not just the woke values that we're seeing in these filters, which are horrible, but the values of trust. And that story I told you on the script, when I saw that last week, I'm like, I'm putting this in the script that this company, which is a great company and a customer of ours, but did not use our technology, went out there and used some kind of rogue AI that they picked off the Internet. Some engineer just hobbled it, hooked it up, and then it started just spewing these hallucinations and falsehoods around their loyalty program, and the courts are holding them liable. Good. Let every CEO wake up and realize, we are on the verge of one of the greatest transformations in the history of technology. But trust must be our highest value. And that is why at Salesforce, we are going to lead this not just with great technology like you see, but also and I just put on my Twitter feed, I hope you see at the top of my Twitter feed the results for the quarter. But please watch the five minute video that's on the Twitter feed so you can understand coming into Trailhead DX. What we are delivering with AI? A trust based AI for enterprises built on our data and metadata. This is what's truly important.
Marc Benioff: Well, I'm going to do the first part, and then I'm going to turn it over to Mike Spencer to do the second, because he not only runs IR, but he also runs FPNA. And he's been doing that analysis. So I know he was going to come in on this. Look, number one, this is a huge upsell opportunity for us. You probably know, I think not even 50% of our Sales Cloud users use Service Cloud. Not even 50% of our Service Cloud users use Sales Cloud. Maya Copa, that is on us. Okay. I wish I could say that all of our sales users are service users, our service users are sales users. But even ADP that I talked about in the script, who we've worked with for more than two decades, and I remember the first time I made a sales call there to extract Siebel from their infrastructure was not yet using us for service. So we have a lot of work to do to sell our existing clouds into our customers and also to upsell our existing customers and cross sell them with Data Cloud, with Einstein 1, with the full platform. We're rewriting our whole platform to be deeply integrated. We will no longer have all these separate acquired platforms. When we're done, we have one integrated platform, Einstein 1. One unified data and metadata platform. This is something I have deeply focused on in the last year to make sure it's clear to all of our engineers and are also financed that this must be funded, which it is. And then we will deliver this capability and then we will light up and give you these great success stories. Look, some companies operate at the highest level, the user and the productivity level. That's not where we are. Okay. Some companies, okay, they operate maybe at the model level. That's also not where we are. We are a data company. We operate at the data level. Yes. We're about customer success made possible by data. This is AI revolution, it's a data revolution. There's no question. You cannot have the AI without the data. That's why those AI companies stole all that consumer data, so they could have some semblance of those party tricks. For the enterprise, it's not going to fly. You've got to have these comprehensive data sets that are informed by the metadata. And Mike's now going to answer the second part and we'll wrap it up. Mike, go ahead.
Brian Millham: Yeah, I really appreciate it. And we are seeing tremendous demand for Data Cloud and for AI. I do think, Brent, that we are still operating in a measured environment and we are still having to ensure that we're doing the deep inspection and managing the business very tightly in the way that we have over the past six quarters, seven quarters in this environment. The green shoots around Data Cloud, around Mulesoft, regional performance that we've seen have been really outstanding in Canada and LatAm and Spain. I mentioned the India performance on the call. Our focus on industries is really paying big dividends. So we are seeing parts of our business really accelerate, but there certainly are some -- still some measured environments out there that we have to continue to take into account the way that we manage this business.
Brian Millham: First of all, Keith, thank you. I really appreciate the question. You kind of nailed it in your question. We're seeing our customers with tremendous desire to take advantage of AI capabilities to drive the efficiencies in their business, to drive higher margins and productivity. But it all starts with data. And so you saw some of the numbers that we put out in my comments. Data Cloud approaching $400 billion and growing 90% year-over-year. This should be an indicator of the demand that we're seeing for people to get ready for the AI transformation they want to put their company through. And so we're really excited about the opportunity ahead, but every customer I talk to says I've got trap data. I don't have a great data strategy. My architecture is off. And that's why we're seeing such great performance on our Data Cloud products. On the AI front, I think we're going to start to see that show up further out in this fiscal year. We don't have a lot of it factored into our guide right now, to be candid, just because there's so much work that needs to happen now, the demand is heavy. And as we just launched this Copilot product this -- yesterday, just announced it and launch it tomorrow, as you'll see next week at TDX, enormous demand for it. And we think we have a massive opportunity to go faster here. So big upside, but not a lot factored in here. And I'm going to flip it over to Amy to talk a little bit about some of that.
Brian Millham: Thanks, Marc. Karl, back to your question, on pricing and bundling, we're excited about the progress we've made here. UE plus is a good example of what we're seeing, good acceleration. It's not the only thing we're doing in pricing and packaging. Obviously we did a price increase last year and seeing some benefits to that. Certainly, we're simplifying the way that we are putting quotes in the market, fewer SKUs, making it easier for our sellers to get out there. In terms of materiality in the short term, you're not going to really see it show up. We did it in the second half of last year. And so while we've seen great progress and there's a lot of promise for it in terms of this year's revenue guide, not a huge factor in our growth numbers this year, you will see it start to show up in year two and three as we roll through the renewals, the uplift, etc., and some of the incremental pricing changes that we're going to do. On ProServe, a good question. I think the big issue, and it's really been felt across the entire professional services industry, a bit of headwinds on customers willingness to do massive transformation. We really felt that during the pandemic that customers were coming to us and saying, I want to make a multiyear commitment to your services and spend significant amount of money, these very large transactions and services. Now our customers are saying, hey, let me take a smaller bite at the apple. Let me start smaller, get to time to value faster, let me get the benefits of the technology sooner. And so while the demand remains high, it's just smaller transactions that are getting done vis-a-vis last year and the year before that. So the tough compares on large deals, smaller transactions. For us, in a lot of ways, very good. Let's get our customers proving out the technology, let's go faster, but having an impact on our professional services business right now.
Brian Millham: Yeah, Mark. Thank you. We are a big believer on sales on Salesforce. We are deploying our own AI technology internally. Our sales teams are using it. Absolutely, we are seeing benefits right now. But the biggest benefit we've seen actually has been in our support operation with case summaries. Our ability to get -- to tap into knowledge bases faster to get knowledge surfaced within the flow of work. And so it absolutely is part of our margin expansion strategy going forward, which is how do we leverage our own AI to drive more efficiencies in our business to augment the work that's being done in sales and in service and in marketing and even into our commerce efforts as well. So we're excited about the future there as well is leveraging our own technology to drive those efficiencies. Amy, I don't know if you have anything else to add to that.
Brian Millham: I agree. And just one last comment, Brad. It's Brian. We want to be able to deliver data cloud and AI at all levels, in all segments. And you see that in our offering around Salesforce starter where we're building an AI and data cloud capabilities as part of that. So every segment of our customer base should be able to enjoy the power of AI and data cloud.
Amy Weaver: Sure. It's been an incredible couple of years. Yeah, Marc. As you mentioned, going back to really beginning of July in fiscal year '23, where we suddenly saw this measured buying environment, the elongated sales cycles, the additional approvals, the compressed deals. And over the last few years, what I've really seen is not so much a shift in the buying behavior, but a shift in our ability to execute in it. And I think we've seen that over the last couple of quarters in particular, that we are just executing much better in this. I do think that there is a lot of excitement to come on AI and data, and we'll see how that plays out this year.
Amy Weaver: Sure. So just following up, Brian, on the comments, in terms of the new products, in Data Cloud, we're already seeing this great traction, which is certainly factored in. Some of the GenAI, it's still early, and given that the adoption curve at really our size and scale as a $38 billion company, we're not factoring in material contribution from these new products into our FY25 revenue guidance at this time. Turning on OP margin. Yes. Really happy to see another 200 basis points this year as a commitment. This year, we are just seeing amazing leverage from many of the hard decisions we made last year. They're continuing to flow through and really benefiting the business. A few things I would call out a lot of discipline around headcount over the past year. We are starting to grow in some areas at this point, but it's really investing into our most productive areas, AI, data. And we're doing that in cost effective ways, really trying to leverage areas that have high, high talent pools and low costs. We're also looking at things like top line, how are we doing with our product and pricing? What are we doing in terms of go to market efficiencies? Brian has been great this past year in making changes and driving productivity. I think you'll see additional changes coming, additional benefits coming from all of those areas.
Amy Weaver: Okay. Great. And Kash, thanks for the question about leading indicators. I think first you obviously heard the excitement about Data Cloud. And if you didn't...
Amy Weaver: [Multiple Speakers] Let's just start with that, I'm looking at a leading indicator. So specifically there are a number of things that we look at that tend to be leading indicators that things may not be as good. Now that would be something like create and close SMB, self-served. I've talked a lot about those over the past few years, but I do feel very good about some things I'm seeing right now. It is the execution from our team and we've really seen this over the past two quarters and that's really led to improved bookings growth. We've seen AE productivity that is up. Brian talked a lot about that last quarter. It was fantastic. We look at our pipeline for indications of going forward. That said, as we've talked about, our top line expectations do include the lagging impact from the measured buying environment that began a couple of years ago. It's just going to take time for that to work through our system, but I am seeing some nice indicators that give me a lot of hope.
Amy Weaver: No, I think that was great, Brian. We have to be customer number one and use it. And I'm excited that we are. Lots of opportunities for us.
