Marc Benioff: Well honestly, we've just never seen a pipeline like this. And we talked about this all through the year. It's been building through the year, every quarter this year has been a great quarter. You know I feel that way. We had a great first quarter, we had a great second quarter, we had a great third quarter, and that completely built the pipeline up for the fourth quarter, and we did not clean the pipeline out in the fourth quarter by any means. There is plenty of -- plenty more in the fourth quarter to the evidence of that. Already in the first quarter, we've closed our first 9-digit transaction ever, which was with a large Illinois-based insurance company. And I -- this social enterprise strategy, Brent, the thing about this is, is that we are now coming into companies and our message is we want to listen to you, and we want to understand what -- where you're trying to go strategically, because as the world is moving to social, as the world is moving to mobile, as the world is moving to cloud, our customers are saying how do they build their employee social networks, their customer social networks and their product social networks, and we are becoming a trusted advisor. And through our thousands of salespeople all over the world, we want to have that trusted interactive relationship with them, where we could sit down. And in that process, the deals are getting bigger because we're not just selling an FFA solution anymore and we're not just in the service solution anymore or just a platform decision or just a social monitoring decision or just a collaboration. We put it all together because as you know, because you followed us a long time, this is one integrated service. This is not a bunch of acquired software stacks like other vendors roll in with, that all look different and act different and architected different. This is one platform. And that gives customers the ability to do some pretty exciting, and as you can see from this quarter, large-scale implementations with us. And when you look at a great company like Hewlett-Packard, I mean, when Meg Whitman announced that she had gone to Salesforce.com at her sales kicked off, she got a standing ovation. They could not wait to get off the Seibel. And that's how it is, when we roll in to these prospects and these customers, they applaud us as we're coming in to take out these old software products that aren't mobile, aren't social and are not cloud. That's what's happening.
Marc Benioff: Well, what I can tell you is really, it aligns with what I have been saying now for about 2 years, which is, it starts with Chatter. I mean, the phenomenon that has happened in the world is the creation of this unbelievable company called Facebook. And behind it, Twitter. And you've got 1 billion users who have conditioned themselves on their iPhones and on their iPads and on their BlackBerrys and on their Android phones that they're on these social networks all day long, and then they roll in to their SAP system or their Oracle system or their Microsoft system, and they're like, "What is this?" They want to rebuild and re-architect their enterprises through this same metaphor. They wanted Facebook for the enterprise, they wanted Twitter for the enterprise, and that's what we're working on delivering. And it started with Chatter. But Chatter is not some tack-on or add-on to Salesforce. As you know, we rebuilt our architecture and it was difficult and it was painful for us, but we rebuilt Salesforce and deep within all of our system and our APIs and deep inside our databases, we added status updates and feeds, and we added profiles and we added real-time capabilities, and we added all the things that you need to basically create social networks. And then we're able to apply it, as I said before, to the employee social network or the customer social network or the product social network, and it's evolving into these incredible systems and applications. And it's not one system with all your data that runs outside the firewall and one data with all your system running inside the firewall. It is a perfect symbiotic system that the customer data and the employee data is all in one database, and it provides an incredible application. But I could tell you that when we roll in to do these demonstrations, that it's highly differentiated against our competitors who are still mostly pitching this stuff that was built a decade ago. And they haven't -- they still don't get it. And I think customers want change, and they're demanding change and Salesforce.com is the change that they can believe in.
Marc Benioff: Well let's start there first. It is an awesome product. There's no doubt that Service Cloud has a huge amount of momentum to become our next multibillion-dollar product line at Salesforce. We all feel that way. It had another unbelievable year that were -- more than doubled this year. And we've done a great job with Service Cloud. And not just enterprise Service Cloud but now we have our new SMB Service Cloud called Desk.com, and I don't know if you've seen Desk.com but that's another huge area that we're just starting, which is based on the acquisition we made with Assistly. We were able to take Desk.com and say, "Okay, now we can bring Service Cloud down for the rest of us." So, yes, I agree that Service Cloud is a great level of momentum, but I have to tell you, we have a lot of different product lines that are on fire, and it's kind of hard for one of them to beat out another because the sales product is still doing great, service is doing great, collaboration is doing great, marketing in Radian6 and the work that we're doing there with Marcel and his team, they're doing unbelievable, and the platform is doing unbelievable. So that's where it's hard to say, "Oh well, the next one is going to be this." When the reality is the next one is all of them working together and the next big one, if you want me to pick one, is social enterprise. The social enterprise and the social enterprise license agreement, which is what we introduced at Dreamforce, that is the big one. And that's what customers really want. They want to come in and say, "Give us the social enterprise." And yes, service, Heather, is a key part of that but sales is part of it and all our employee social -- all of these things are part of it. And to your first question, what's getting Heroku going? There's 2 answers: One, of course, this is the only thing out in the market that has Java as a service. So if you want Java as a service and Ruby as a service and Clojure as a service, you go to Heroku, you could immediately deploy your apps. And we're just at the beginning of the revenue story with Heroku, because we still have Heroku Enterprise coming. And then we've got this deep Facebook integration. So if you're at the F8 conference -- if you're in Facebook, inside Facebook, and you go to build an application, it says, do you want to build it with Heroku, inside the Facebook app. I don't think a lot of analysts and other people were following that announcement at the F8 Conference because there are millions of developers who are inside the Facebook APIs and who are going to find out about Heroku, which has been integrated by Facebook into their architecture. I mean, Facebook has been an incredible story for Salesforce.com because, of course, they're running so many aspects of their business on the back end with us and now we have been integrated into their platform as well but that was a huge catalyst for Heroku.
Marc Benioff: Well, when I look at Radian6, I mean, the power of Radian6. This is big data social analytics. We're building this massive data warehouse of all these real-time social interactions, this huge service, and customers can come in and plug into that and say, "Okay, what's going on with my brand, my company, my executives, my competitors, my employees and you get this incredible analysis." But if you were in our New York event, you saw us roll out something new which is the really, truly awesome thing which is still coming is Social Hub, which is we have this incredible CEO, leader of Radian6, Marcel LeBrun, who has designed this social hub, where you basically put in all of these various triggers and queries and reports, and you can move and say, everyone who is unhappy with my product, okay? Or who's complaining about this price increase or who has this issue with this brand, who's on these social networks move them and create cases into the Service Cloud, which is this perfect integration between CRM and Radian6. When you get these 2 things working together, that reinforces the social enterprise story. And that's where, again, we differentiate against the competition. It's not that we're coming in and say we're the only ones with social monitoring. It's we're the only ones who have the social enterprise story and can make it real, and it's not coming in, as I said, with a bunch of siloed legacy client server stacks. We're coming in with this integrated service, and that integrated service is a key component, as you're mentioning, in social monitoring but the key is the social monitoring is part of the total story. And you're going to see more of that. I'll give you a great example. You could be -- put your employee database into Radian6, and you could be monitoring, here's all my former employees, here's all my current employees. I don't think it's that far away, where all of a sudden, you're doing social monitoring and you'll see that your former employee, who is maybe at one of your competitors, is talking on Facebook or talking on Twitter to one of your current employees about a job in this company. And I think it's not a huge leap that you could see a phone call coming from corporate retention saying, "Hey, it's corporate retention. We just want to find out how you're doing and are you happy here at this company?" Radian6 gives you that kind of social intelligence and gives you a level of performance and capability that you're just not going to have in any other way.
Marc Benioff: I'm very committed to increasing our margins. I mean, I'm trying to push as much as I absolutely can do it. And I feel it's very important for the future of our business that we continue to expand our margins. And what I do is I just play that against -- I just delivered a 37% growth year and a 38% growth quarter, and I've done that because we are spending. And if we brought margins way, way, way up and slowed spending then, are we going to be satisfied like with a lot of other cloud companies at 25% growth or 26% growth. I think it's a mistake to be delivering 25% or 26% or 27% growth today because this is the heyday of the cloud. This is the Renaissance. We are in the great time. This is the time to create all this amazing new technology. We've all changed the devices we've used. We're all changing how we use computers. There needs to be an enterprise company that's going to come in and deliver this at scale with the number of salespeople and the service organization, the products and that's why we've spent. But at the same time, I'm committed to raising margins because I think it's important for the company. I'm also committed to delivering very strong cash performance. As you can see, the cash performance for the year is awesome and for the quarter. So we're trying to do it all, and doing it all is a hard, okay? But we're doing it, I think, as well as anyone and we have been doing it. You know how I feel. I feel even like, last quarter we were doing it. And I feel that this quarter we're doing -- I feel we've had consistent execution all year, and I feel the end of this year was just a solid ending, and then we have the spectacular beginning to the new year with this 9-digit transaction, we're going, whoa, let's open a door even for our own employees, going, yes, the social enterprise strategy, we can see how this can become seminal in these companies.
Marc Benioff: Here's the beautiful thing about this business. These big deals don't matter to us. We don't really care about the big deals. It's just icing on the cake. And if you've been following our business for a while, that's not the business we've built. We're all about -- basically, we're all about transactions and we're all about throughput, and we serve a wide portfolio of customers, small, medium and large. These big deals which we roll out, we have 8-figure transactions, 9-figure transactions, it's immaterial, it is. The most important thing is that we have a broad book of business, and that we're not dependent on any one transaction or any one customer as part of who we are as a company. I don't think any -- I don't think even our largest customer even represents 1% of our revenue. That's very unusual. And I think that the power of the company is that it is a balanced portfolio of business, small, medium and large; it's a balanced geography of business and we've talked about Asia, the U.S. and Europe; and it's a balanced product line. It's kind of to Heather's point. It's sales, service, it's collaboration, it's platform, it's marketing. So that's what I've been focusing on as CEO for a number of years is to make sure that our customers, okay? And our company, basically, give this kind of level of equanimity. We're not all about the enterprise and the high end, we're not all about the small business and the low end. We're about including everyone. We want to get everyone in the social enterprise boat. That's really our goal.
Marc Benioff: This year's plan really looks a lot like last year's plan. I mean, let me tell you -- I mean, I address this issue all the time with our own employees. The software market in the world, it's not the same as selling PCs or servers for example. Technology industry is very, very different by sector. And one thing that I can tell you is -- I'll give you an example. You probably saw Steve Ballmer did this huge rant in Beijing about 3 or 6 months ago where he was saying, "Our Chinese revenues are less than our revenues in the Netherlands," I think it was. And he said, "But I have spent billions in China, and I have got tens of thousands of Chinese employees, and my revenue -- I just can't get my revenues going." And the reason why that is, is because, really, the most important software markets of the world, the top 7 or 8 markets, no more than 10 markets really represent 85% to 90% of the total market. And you need to be focused when you're in a new category like cloud because the U.S. is obviously tipped to cloud. But Europe has not quite tipped. I would say Japan is getting there. The U.S. and the U.K. and Japan, these are the 3 biggest software markets in the world. You've got to dominate these markets if you're in software. Then you can move on to other markets like, for example, France and Germany, Australia, Canada. But a lot of these smaller markets, that has not been a focus for us. And I think -- I get questions all the time from our Board, whatever, well, what are you doing about this emerging country or that emerging country? We really look at an emerging country like Minneapolis. To us, that's an emerging country because the Minneapolis software market is bigger than Brazil. And we're asking ourselves, What are we doing in Minneapolis? That's why I just was in Minneapolis. That's why I just did a seminar in Minneapolis. That's why I'm working so closely with the customers in Minneapolis because that is actually a major software market: Detroit, Atlanta, Washington D.C. and we still don't have enough coverage. You look at a great customer of ours, General Electric, it's an incredible company, and we have great relationships with GE Health and GE Energy and GE Capital and NBC Universal and on and on and on. But the thing about GE, GE as a company is bigger than the software market of Brazil or India. So you better be focused on selling to General Electric. And that's where we are today. We're still working on doubling down on the core of the software industry. And until we're really done with that, we won't be ready to move into kind of the more discrete smaller markets. I hope that explains the international strategy.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that number one, to your point, cloud is a very small emerging part of the total software industry. And multi-tenant shared systems like the ones that offer, that Salesforce.com offers, is still one of the smallest, most discrete parts of the software industry. We are by no means mainstream, right? I mean, you still see the huge intellectual debates out on the Internet about multi-tenancy and shared systems. eBay and Amazon or Google are decades old, and still people are arguing about the future of software. So that has to be upside for us. It has to be that the vast majority of companies still are not using this model. But they're going to be. And as devices change and as new features and capabilities are required by customers, it's going to come through this model. So we're still at the very, very beginning. We are in the first innings of cloud computing. This is still the Renaissance. This is -- we're just see -- I had this great dinner last night with a dozen CEOs of young companies, and all these guys are in their 20s and 30s, and they're amazing, and these companies are just incredible, and of course, all these companies are social, mobile and cloud. No one is starting a new software company today. It's not like you go to dinner here with someone in San Francisco, "Gee, yes, I'm building my SQL Server application. I'm building my .NET application. Oh, I'm so excited I just bought an Oracle database." That is not what people are saying. What people say is, "I'm building this great new shared service. It's great." Everybody has got multi-tenant, everybody's mobile first, everybody's cloud first, everybody is social first. And it's yielding these incredible new companies. And I know you know that because you use these things. And that is what really gives me this kind of passion around that we're at the beginning of cloud. And I think the cool thing about Force.com, to answer your second question, is no one has built a multi-tenant platform that is social and mobile and cloud. Force.com is the only social, mobile and cloud platform. There is nobody else. When we go into our customers and they're like looking at platforms, we're it. It's not like we're in a heavy competition against other cloud providers who have built this incredible thing. And by the time that we get to Dreamforce, and you see the work that we've done and we announced it in the last Dreamforce with Touch, that all of our apps and all of our platform, everything will be mobile and running on tablets and that all of our customers' apps will instantly change over. It won't be like moving from like R3 to myASP or whatever they call it or like, "Oh my gosh, I'm going through this Oracle upgrade here of our general ledger to like release 12 and it's taking like 2 years and it's like Accenture and it's like gobs of money to kind of get it done." That's not how it is at all. All of our customers will just transform into mobile on that moment. And that's the power of the platform, and that's why I'm a huge bull on our platform because it lets our customers innovate more rapidly. So I hope that answers your question, Kash.
Marc Benioff: Well, I don't really get what the competitors are doing, honestly. Well, I kind of do. There's 2 people I don't really understand. I don't really understand why these CEOs of these relatively little companies are selling out at these high growth rates to -- like I don't understand the SuccessFactors SAP deal. At some level, I understand that SAP's HR product kind of sucks and they have no market share and they're losing deals to Workday and so they need to shore up and they don't know what to do, so they need to buy Lars' company. But why does Lars want to sell his company to SAP? Did he not see what happened with Shai Agasi? Did he not see what happened with John Chen? He's going to be controlled by this German Union. I didn't get it. I don't understand why you would sell your company. He had a great company and now it's gone. And it's into this German borg kind of thing. It's like gone. And Taleo, I kind of understand because it's kind of a piece of junk, and they were trying to sell it for a couple of years. But okay, Oracle felt like they had to respond but then what is Oracle's message around Fusion? Didn't they already have HR? Like when Oracle buys right now, like didn't they already have CRM? What is the message now? Which app am I supposed to buy from Oracle? Do I buy Oracle Fusion HR? Do I buy Taleo? Do I -- When we've seen this thing and I think that it's mostly a, A, reaction to these larger software companies with Oracle and SAP, their organic license growth rates are pretty pathetic. And our organic license growth rate before our acquisitions for this quarter were over 30%. Oracle and SAP's license growth rates are single digits. It's not pretty and that's why I think they have to buy these things. It's certainly not giving them a cloud platform, you know that. Taleo and SuccessFactors and RightNow. They're not cloud platforms. They're not giving them a strategy going forward. I view this as very tactical acquisitions and in many cases grabbing -- grasping for straws. I don't see how it's going to turn into something more than that, and I think for these entrepreneurs who sold their company at a $200 million, $300 million revenue level, I think they mostly, especially Lars, made a mistake.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that at the end of the day, we actually have very good relationships with Oracle and SAP. You have to, in our industry, be able to partner and compete at the same time. And in our industry, you can't take these things personally, you can't get angry about these things because customers demand that you work together. We look at our big SAP customers. Many of the ones that I mentioned and others -- we're probably in, now, every major SAP customer in the world. And as we look at these big SAP customers, whether we're in there in a big way or a little way or an emerging way, they want us to be able to work with SAP. So I mean, I have a very good working relationship with Bill McDermott. My job is to make my customers successful. So on one side, I'm happy like give you my direct and unedited feedback on how I view their strategy and how screwed up I think that they are in cloud computing. On the other side, when the call ends, I have to go make sure that Coke is successful and Burberry is successful and Sony is successful, and that requires me to work with them very closely. And we get that. And of course, when they say something crazy about the cloud, I don't get upset about it or... it's like rhetoric, so I move back into, okay, how are we going to make these customers successful? Because at the end of the day, these customers are becoming social enterprises. We are becoming their front office, and SAP is kind of their legacy back office, and we need to hook those 2 things together. That's a critical thing for us to be able to do. So we can roll in with the sales and service and collaboration and marketing. We've got to be ready to hook that into SAP's general ledger, payables and receivables, and we've demonstrated that ability continuously and we'll continue to focus on that.
Marc Benioff: Well, Database.com has been a fantastic strategy, and all you have to do is go to the Database.com website to see the huge customer success, the amount of transactions that are being executed, the number of databases that are getting spun up. With Rypple, we are at the beginning of a very exciting story with HR. I was just on Rypple actually about an hour ago. And with Rypple, you have the ability to go in and to basically start working with your people in a whole new way. And it's all about performance management, it's about being able to do reviews, it's about being able to do -- get feedback, it's about being able to do praise and that will all evolve into native HRMS and other key features. We will also have some great relationships with some terrific HRMS vendors like Workday where we'll tightly integrate Rypple in with their systems and with other providers and you're going to find a perfect balance between what our ISVs are doing and what technologies are available from Rypple. You also probably know we hired incredible executive, John Wookey, who was at SAP for several years, building kind of their next-generation technology and before that was 15 years at Oracle building the e-business suite, and he's leading this HRMS effort, and you'll be seeing on our March 15 date, and I hope you'll be there, Laura, here at Cloudforce in San Francisco, where we're going to have 15,000 people and we're going to be showing that some of that integration for the very first time. And why that's so important is because it is the social enterprise. We want to be able to show our customers that social profile, the employee social profile, the customer social profile. We want to show them the ability to collaborate, the ability to sell, to service and the ability to work together through praise and through recognition and through this whole concept of reinforcement and then build in the custom applications and the social monitoring, the social marketing, the analytics, the data warehousing. And then getting the products onto the social network like the way Activision has done so beautifully with our products to build and deliver that social enterprise, that transformational piece that accelerates the revenue for our customers and their profitability using these new tools that are really dominating our industry. And this is our vision, and I think we are really different from everybody else, and we continue to execute it, and we couldn't be happier with how this year has turned out. We feel every quarter has been great. We're working harder than ever, and we're coming into an exciting new year this year, and hey, we only expect the world to go more social this year with the Facebook IPO, more mobile with the iPhone 5 and iPad 3 and more cloud with all these great new companies that are emerging that I'm seeing. So we're doubled down on our strategy, and we're working to go faster than ever.
