Marc Benioff: I think at the top level you really have to look at the numbers. That's the number one thing. And we've added 16,000 net new customers in the last year during this "competitive situation" to bring our total customers to more than 63,000.  I don't know how many customers these competitors have because they won't say. They won't say how many net subscribers they have. They won't say their revenue levels; their growth rates. And so from a competitive standpoint to you, they are making these broad generalizations without the facts. Where are the numbers? And specific to that point, where is the quality of service? We see over and over again that customers may in fact sign with a competitor because of a "low price" or something like that. Of course, that's true in every industry. But time and time again we see those customers come back to us. And as I mentioned, specifically in this quarter, one of their biggest most visible marquee customers said the product didn't work. And not just them, but many of those customers say the product doesn't work, that it stops, the reliability isn't there. Of course, we don't know any of things because there's no transparency. There is no Trust site for any of these competitors. There are no performance benchmarks; it's all kind of strange hearsay. So we've been sending video crews around the country and around the world, and it's been very powerful to get all of these customers to be making all these comments and we just roll these videos for these prospects and it's very impressive. Believe me, when they're sitting there and they're saying this competitor said this or they said that and then when it actually turned out, oh, they only have one data center. Actually their analytics are on premise. Oh, their disaster recovery strategy is that you buy a server and you put it behind your firewall. Oh, the system just stopped for three days and we couldn't use the report writer for two weeks. And that's the competitive situation is that we have a great product, we have a high quality of service, we have transparency in our numbers and on our product, but occasionally customers are fooled or they think that it's some kind of a commodity service and so they're going with a low price until they find out something very, very different by looking at what we can do in sales, or in the Service Cloud, where we have a tremendous lead in market share now, as well as in the Custom Cloud where none of these competitors even have the concept of a platform. Where we're running, as I've mentioned now, the millions of lines of code on our servers, the Visual Force pages, the sites pages. This is part of any competitor's strategy.  So at the end of the day, we have strong technology differentiation. We have customers with marquee names who speak very, very strongly about the poor quality of our competitors' services and why they had to move to us, and no one is more successful in the enterprise marketplace than our customers with the success. So that's really how I look at it right now.
Marc Benioff: Let me take that second question first, which is that we really see this kind of very strong product strategy that we have in our three clouds: our Sales Cloud, which is our Marqui Sales Force Automation Service; this essentially great new business that we have which is our Service Cloud and you are going to see us make some very exciting announcements around that product between now and Dreamforce and we have some great new technology that we have built. A lot of these call centers and contact centers are really old and their software is really old and their cost structures are completely out of date and they need to get revised and that's why we saw such tremendous growth with so many customers; and the platform. You know, we're seeing this platform strategy pay off where you see deals like METI, which is a tremendous win in the Japanese government. And in so many others, as you know, custom applications appealing throughout all of our customers really. So that's I think the product strategy. There are three pillars to the stool and it's really holding together. And of course, it's all the same integrated code, also. It's not three different servers or three different pieces of software or three different CDs. That part's very different about our business. This is one integrated service that lets you run all of your sales, all of your service, all of your customer portals, all of your custom applications, all out of the same environment. Now, in response to your first question, as you know, since we've been public we really do not like to profile bookings on a quarter-to-quarter basis and I before I answer this question I really want to reiterate that we don't intend to give an update on bookings every quarter. It's not good for us and it's not good for you because things can have different changes and different flavors. So really in the first quarter we indicated that we expected new business for the full year to be flat to slightly down year-over-year. If you remember, that's what I said on the call. And at the halfway point for this year, we continue to believe that this is really the case. And if we see a material change, I am going to update you on that. But we didn't really see anything materially different in the second quarter. So I hope that answers the question.
Marc Benioff: In regards to Service Cloud, it's been over a year now since we bought InStranet and that really was the catalyst for us to really gain a new level of confidence in customer service and support and knowledge base. And a lot of that technology has come online, as you know, and more of it will be coming online and we expect to continue to make that product even more competitive and more outstanding. And the Service Cloud did lob another great quarter in the second quarter with new business in the quarter up more than 175% from a year ago. We see that as a huge multi-billion marketplace that we're now participating in fully. Our sales people really have a lot of confidence in selling that product. We have the technical credibility, the success stories. And then in the platform, on the Custom side, we continue to see strong support with these customers building all kinds of really exciting applications. We have talked about so many of those applications, whether it was the huge win that we had at Avon, the Japan Post, and now we are going to start talking about METI, which is a huge government agency in Japan that's building this application entirely on the platform. Obviously they don't have a sales force at the Ministry of Technology in Japan, that they need requirements to manage their information and share their information in a much lower cost, much lower risk, and in a much easier way than the way they've traditionally done it. And they're using Force.com.  And I think by the time we get to Dreamforce and as you talk to our customers at Dreamforce, which I know you're going to do, I think it will be hard to find a customer who's not working with and planning to deploy serious Force.com applications.
Marc Benioff: Yes, and then in regards to the competitive situations, you know, as I mentioned, of course we're in a competitive environment and we see a lot of unusual competitive situations. I'm not going to address any one particular but we are seeing our competitors do just about anything to try to win a deal from us. You can expect them, if there were a large software vendor, then maybe they bought a lot of software from that vendor at that time. There could be all kinds of unusual characteristics. We saw that with Ciebal towards their demise, as well, increase that rate. But in terms of the specificity, I think the most important things I can say to you is that we have a tremendous growth in our core customers, that I mentioned. We have some great wins and history of customer success, and I 
Marc Benioff: We're very reluctant to give those numbers, as you know. But let me say that we're seeing tremendous growth. I mean, you did that survey of our customers and you saw the empirical data as well as qualitative data from them. I think that as I mentioned, by the time we get to Dreamforce, you are going to find a lot of customers, if not most of our customers, using our platform. Now that can mean a lot of different things. It can mean that they're building their own discrete custom applications. Certainly that's true with major ISVs who are doing work on our platform. That can be for customers like METI, as I mentioned, and so many others. And then also it can be deeply customizing our sales and service applications as well, which give us tremendous amounts of stickiness in regards to the quality of the implementation and also tremendous differentiation against our competition as well. We just aren't at a point today where we're ready to start to break out Force.com specifically as revenue and we talked about it but we're not ready.
Marc Benioff: We're obviously very excited to be one of the leaders in this market and when we have talked to the major analyst at Gartner and other places, we continue to get very positive feedback that in terms of platform as a service, we are the technology leader.
Marc Benioff: We continue to see the Americas as a huge opportunity. I mean, this is a huge IT marketplace right here and we are really only scratching the surface of what is probably one of the largest and most important shifts in technology as we know it from these kind of on-premise systems into cloud computing. So right here in the United States I have to say that I still have a lot of emphasis in this market and its opportunity going forward, especially when the economy recovers. I also am a big believer in success in Japan. Japan represents, I believe it's still the largest IT market outside of the United States. It's something that we've put a decade of work into. It takes a lot of time. And that's been very important for us in Japan. And we have the very top and most important companies in Japan, Defacto, all endorsing us and having tremendous success. Much greater success, I think, than any enterprise software that they’ve ever had from an American software company, or European software company. And then after that I would rank probably Europe and then India. And then everybody else. And that's kind of how we think about our business. We're very excited about the markets we're in today and we continue to think that they're going to continue to give us some good solid growth as we've seen in the last couple of quarters.
Marc Benioff: I think the way you have to look at is that we're a very diversified portfolio of customers, as you know. And we're in small business, we're in medium, we're in large, we're in extra large. And perhaps we're really one of the only enterprise software vendors that has ever attempted to go after every possible business. And because of that it's hard to answer your question because the sales cycle for every company is different. So the sales cycle for your company, for example, is a lot different than for a small company. And it takes just a lot of time to build the relationships and expand and grow. I mean, we've talked about METI several times already on the call, it's taken years of building relationships and spending time with them, and confidence and trust and respect in Japan to be able to consummate a transaction with them. That's an extreme. And then you will find small businesses that are willing to do a deal with us in a couple of days. So it's hard to answer that question. I guess when I look out over all of what's happening with us today, the thing that I'm most excited about is, of course, we've made our name in sales force automation and we've done a great job in commanding and controlling that marketplace and transforming it to cloud computing. But now we really see the potential and possibility, and it's within our grasp, to do that with the customer service and support and portal, customer support portal market. And then this custom application development and deployment market. And because of this trifurcation in our business, and you see it, if you just go to our home page you will see the three clouds and the ability to dive down in three directions. Or if you go to any event we have anywhere in the world, you will see the break outs into these three directions. This has just given us diversification, that we've moved into a multi-product company. And that is what is exciting for us that we can really see that we are not just about sales anymore and that we are much, much more, and not just for any particular business or any particular geography, but for all businesses and for all locations that we serve around the world. And when you look at a quarter like this, or really if you look at the last year, in aggregate, it's been a great year for us and it's been a great year for cloud computing overall and it's because of the low risk and low cost solutions that we're able to provide. And at the end of the day we're making customers more successful than they were with Oracle or SAP or Microsoft Solutions, which for the most part are on their shelves and have never been installed and have turned into kind of high-risk fiascos and no one will ever say that about our services or our technology.  We really are one of the most successful companies of our class in enterprise software because of this new model and I think that you're going to find that as more companies move to cloud computing, that the total level of success that they achieve will be higher with technology than ever before.  We are going to be fighting a lot less about on-premise versus cloud and we are going to be fighting head-to-head against every software company in the world because this is going to be the dominant model. But fortunately for us, we are the number one supplier in the world of enterprise cloud computing today. And as the world moves to cloud computing, that's a damn good position to be in.
Graham V. Smith: Just to be full out specific, we didn't see any material change in our price to seat this quarter versus other quarters in the last couple of years.
Graham V. Smith: I'll just jump in and take the first one. We saw in Q2 a similar level of success with both the Custom Cloud and the Service Cloud. They were approximately 25% of our new business in the quarter. So that's been a pretty similar trend to what it's been the last few quarters, so we're very happy, particularly Service Cloud was very strong in Q2 so we're happy with the way those newer products are going.
Graham V. Smith: I will take the first one. Yes, we saw another similar kind of small uptick in attrition. As I mentioned, it's within what we assumed at the beginning of the year, so we felt good about our planning assumptions. I think roughly, very rough analysis, sort of 50% of the attrition is coming from churn in the actual accounts, where customers are, particularly these smaller accounts, smaller customers, are going out of business. And then certainly the other roughly half is coming from customers reducing the level of subscribers they have as they come up for renewal because of having to lay people off, unfortunately. So we think that this is entirely sort of predictable in terms of what's going on in the overall economy and I expect that at some point when the economy turns we will see some improvement here but not any sign of that yet.
Graham V. Smith: Well, I think it's important to put it in perspective. As I mentioned, we hired 100 people in the first half versus over 400 last year and certainly I would expect our second half hiring to be significantly below where it was for the second half last year. And I think we have to think about the future. You know we have a very long-term view of our business and it takes a while to ramp up people and it takes a while for that revenue to come through from the new business bookings. So we're thinking about what we need to do in terms of adding distribution capacity in some markets for next year.  But I think we're also very concerned about making sure that our customers still feel very well supported in this environment so we'll be adding support people to support the new business we add, and then certainly we're looking to aggressively expand our market share through continuing to have leading products. So we will be continuing to add developers in the second half as well.
Graham V. Smith: I think when we characterized that the demand environment is stabilizing, I think it's because of some of that predictability, the fact that we had a level of expectation going into Q2, we basically were able to achieve that expectation as Q1 was much more of an unpleasant surprise, I think, that happened over the course of the quarter.  That doesn't necessarily imply things are getting better and I was very clear in my guidance remarks to say that we are sort of assuming the same of the rest of the year. Marc talked about our overall feeling of new business being, for the whole year, flat to slightly down. So clearly, yes, currency also has a benefit. We know that the dollar has weakened a few points and so we have tried to reflect some of that in our guidance.
Graham V. Smith: The distribution of our invoicing cycles between the small number who pay monthly on credit cards, a slightly bigger number who pay quarterly, and then the largest component who pay annually, that distribution, or allocation, has remained almost unchanged. It's almost uncanny. Every quarter we look at it and sometimes earlier on I had been expecting it to move and it really hasn't moved at all over the last eight quarters.  So there has been no real perceptual change in any direction around the billing cycle in terms of payment terms where there's 30 to 45 days. Maybe a marginal increase in requests to move from 30 to 45 days but that's really at the margin. And as you can tell from our collections and the success we've had in reducing our DSOs in this environment, we feel very happy about where our overall cash collections, billing cycles are.
Graham V. Smith: I don't think I can predict that. I'm sorry, I wish I could but all I can say is that what we've seen to date has been with our planning assumptions. I think at least what we assumed was a sensible assumption but in terms of trying to predict that, I don’t want to try and do that.
Graham V. Smith: We've talked about it with our new business some quarters but we have not wanted to give that, as Marc said, we haven't necessarily wanted to give a lot of characterization about our new business every quarter. But think of it certainly as being in that 5% range.
