David Havlek: Thanks, Gerald. We are thrilled to be coming to you today from our offices in Tokyo, Japan for our first quarter Earnings Call. It's obviously pretty early here, 6:00 a.m. on a Friday morning to be precise. From our offices you can see Mount Fuji, so it's an incredible setting to host today's call. Joining me at this early hour to discuss our outstanding first quarter results are Marc Benioff, Chairman and CEO; and Graham Smith, our CFO. Marc and Graham will open today with a few prepared remarks, and then we'll open things up to your questions. Because we want to address as many of you as possible, I do ask that you limit yourself to a single question today. Before we get started, a few housekeeping items. A complete disclosure of our first quarter results can be found in our press release issued about an hour ago as well as in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Additional information, including historical financial detail beyond what is provided in the press release, will also be made available on our website. In addition, the webcast of today's call is available on our website for 90 days, and a dial-in replay will be available through the 11th of June. And formally, our commentary today will be in both GAAP and non-GAAP terms, a complete reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP for both our reported results and our forward guidance can be found in our earnings press release as well as by clicking on the Detailed Financials tab on our Investor website. At times in our prepared remarks or in response to your questions today, we may offer certain additional metrics to provide a greater understanding of our business or quarterly results. Please be advised that we may or may not update these additional metrics in the future calls. With that said, let me quickly remind you that the primary purpose of today's call is to provide you with information regarding our fiscal first quarter 2011 performance. However, some of our discussion or responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Should any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should our assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. All of our risks, uncertainties and assumptions, as well as other information on potential factors that could affect our financial results, are included in our reports filed with the SEC, including our most recent report on Form 10-K, particularly under the heading, Risk Factors. To access our first quarter press release, the detail of our historical results, including the GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations, the webcast replay or any of our SEC disclosures or simply to learn more about Salesforce, I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website at salesforce.com/investor. Finally, please also be advised that unreleased services or features referenced in today's discussion or in other public statements are not currently available and may not be delivered on time or at all. Customers who purchase our services should make the purchase decisions based upon features that are currently available. With that said, let me turn the call over to Marc.
David Havlek: Gerald, we have time for one more question. So we'll go ahead and take our last question of the day.
David Havlek: All right, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Also, as Marc mentioned, we will be hosting an event on June 22, and I encourage you all to look for news on that. Lots of questions today on Chatter, we'll be talking a little bit more about Chatter. So thanks for joining us. Have a great day, and we look forward to talking with you soon.
Marc Benioff: I have a lot of clarity around that because I'm actually here with our top 30 officers of Salesforce and we're doing a three-day review of the quarter, which obviously was really a spectacular quarter. But the real star of the quarter was that Service Cloud. And that Service Cloud has seen triple digit growth, it's a hot market, it's a market that has not been refreshed by the traditional enterprise technology vendors. We don't have -- we view it very much as a green field opportunity. A lot of those customers who are using products like Siebel 7.8, they have to make a tremendous decision to upgrade to Siebel 8, which is a huge new mega piece of software and architecture customization, everything is new. And so it's been giving us a great opportunity, and that's why we've seen some fantastic customers move to our Service Cloud like companies like VMware that I mentioned or like Thomson Reuters and many others. And we have a really solid pipeline for this product. So I always will go with the bird in the hand. Now that said, we have a really awesome pipeline already for enterprise-wide deals for Chatter. And how those actually work out when the customer gets it in agreement, well, I would rather have sign quite a few of those before I make a prediction on that. So I will say certainly for the short term, we've got some really hot existing products like the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud and the Platform. I will tell you that Chatter makes the Service Cloud even better. In my own personal use of Chatter everyday, the way I have it architected, I am able to follow a customer case of the same way that I can follow an employee in the company and I'm able to follow that case. And as the case changes and the company, as things happen, as transactions happen with the case, maybe service entitlements are reached or it's escalated to different managers, I'm all notified through my Chatter feed. And that kind of real-time access to customer service information and that kind of visibility from Chatter into the Service Cloud makes the Service Cloud even better. So you're going to see a major new version of the Service Cloud released on June 22. So it's kind of a win-win there, but in terms of pure revenue, I'm going to go with Service Cloud.
Marc Benioff: We're really seeing it across the board. We see a really good growth in all of our businesses. I reviewed all of our businesses yesterday, what we call our kind of eight core parts of our business, and I was very optimistic about all eight parts. And some of them, I'm extremely optimistic about, like where I'm sitting. But I see general growth in buying in all sectors, and I see less cautious behavior than ever before as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, let me take the philosophy, and then I will give the concrete numbers to Graham. We do have a global recovery underway. I think that everyone knows that. You can read that in the newspaper. And we do have enhanced technology spending. You hear that from every technology CEO. And we know that cloud computing is the fastest-growing part of the technology industry. You can see that when you aggregate all the cloud computing companies together. And we're number one in cloud computing. You can see that from our revenue where we have just passed the $1.5 billion annual revenue run rate, and now we're aggressively targeting the $2 billion number. So our position is because we believe that there are certain parts of cloud computing that are extremely attractive, now different companies focus on different parts of cloud computing. And some focus on infrastructure. Some focus on the development platform. Some focus on apps, and some focus renaming their existing data-center products' cloud. And I would say that for us, of course, we're very focused in those five core areas that we see the real action in, which is the customer-facing apps like sales and service. We see a lot of action, obviously, in the development platform and the way our customers customize as well as having core ISVs building on our platform like BMC and Computer Associates. With the platform, we're very, obviously, excited about the opportunity for collaboration as a service because honestly, the customers certainly here in Japan are just fed up with IBM and Lotus Notes and can't believe the state of that technology, and Microsoft SharePoint kind of is a bit of a grandmother's attic with it. Everything gets kind of jammed in there, but it's kind of hard to find, and it's not really -- information is not being pushed to you, and it's not that type of Facebook or Twitter-like architecture. And then we see this great opportunity in building a public data cloud. We managed already about 1 billion contacts for our customers, and we're asking them if they want to participate in our public beta cloud, and then they have the opportunity to cleanse their data more aggressively. This can be a key part of cloud computing because of the crowd-sourcing model. And these are kind of our five areas that we're really excited about. So we've got the pedal to the metal, and the way we have to do that is we have to generally think one year out or two years out -- but really, one-year out. So the investments and things that you are seeing us make now, we're really thinking about fiscal year '12, and we really think about the level of distribution capacity we want to have online for next year based on the fundamental direction of the market. Today, we already have a lot of distribution capacity. We have that globally. We're able to operate with fluidity of a global stage, but we want to have more capacity because honestly, in my opinion, this is a distribution-constrained organization. When you look at our lead flows, when you look at the product capabilities, when you look at the size of the markets that we can address, we are fundamentally distribution constrained, and I believe the best thing for the shareholders is to expand distribution, and this is the majority of the investment. And then some slight additional investment is, obviously, were acquired our way into the data cloud. That was not an organic development because we felt it could be a separate platform, and they have the right technology and model at jigsaw.com. And then we have a couple of tuck-in acquisitions, which is not unusual for us. We have a history of tuck-ins. But we found a couple of really cool companies that we think will make our sales service and collaboration clouds better and more competitive. And I think that, that's kind of a -- I would say there's a run rate over the past few years with those tuck-ins. But when you take those tuck-ins and then you combine them with Jigsaw, then it's a little bit more acquisition activity this year than in previous years. And I'll let Graham actually speak to the numbers, but that's generally how we look at the problem right now.
Marc Benioff: Well, first of all, in regards to the lawsuit, I guess, the most important thing for you to understand, Laura, is that no impact. This is not material to our day-to-day business and doesn't have any impact on our customers. And just it is not significant to our business even if it's a potential resolution. It's just not significant at that level. I should just say right off the bat, we can't comment on pending litigation, of course. Laura, the reality is that these patent trolls are unfortunately just part of doing business in technology these days. They're basically the alley thugs. Every thriving economy has alley thugs, and we do, too, and that's fine. Personally, I'm just disappointed to see this from a former leader of our industry, but it's imminently resolvable, and it's not material to our day-to-day business. It's basically a no-impact situation. It's not something that, I think, anyone needs to make anything of. I think it probably has more ramifications for other cloud vendors than it, honestly, does for us because we're strong. And a lot of other cloud CEOs have been contacting me, and my heart goes out to them and because I feel like that's the real impact is that if you go through it, you can see where this is going. And there's obviously a next step here, and it's not about us, it's about others. So that's my unfortunate commentary on the state of our industry. It's just what's going on in our industry.
Marc Benioff: I would say on the big-deal environment that it's kind of like the other environment about -- other question about total transaction volume. We see all kinds of transactions happening. And yes, we have a lot of big transactions, and we got a lot of small and a lot of medium. And our business has never been -- and we've done this on purpose, it never swung one direction or the other based on any one particular transaction or customer. So we've closed a lot of big deals. We've closed a lot of big deals this quarter. I can tell you we're going to close a lot of big deals this year. I've seen the pipeline. I recently had a meeting at a major venture capital firm on Sand Hill road with about 30 of the largest CIOs in the world, and their message to us is your technology is great, and we're having a great experience. We've been testing it for the last two or three or four years, and we want to buy more of it. And that's generally an indication of better quality and larger deals coming, and we're excited about that. But we see a lot of those deals right now. We see more coming. But we see more business across the board because there's a fundamental shift happening to cloud computing that's benefiting a whole series of new companies and not benefiting old companies. And we are going to really, I think, continue to see the benefits of that because in my opinion, I'm biased, no one is better positioned for the future of the enterprise cloud than us. We've got the best products and technology. We've got the best sales organization. We've got the best brand and reputation with customers. And I would also just say we're working hard to move into that kind of elusive top 10 independent software company rankings, which is kind of gets into that $2 billion annual revenue run rate level. I mean that's just an exciting thing for Salesforce.com to move into the multi-billion dollar area. And I think now that we've passed $1.5 billion, it gives us a lot of confidence that the next step for us is right there, the brass ring is right there for us to take.
Marc Benioff: Yes, I can kind of give you the theory, sell the theory, but I can't give you the -- this is what potentially can happen. On average, we're in about 15% to 20% of our employees in one of our customers. So that tends to be the sales organization in total. Obviously, our percentage is much higher at Salesforce or more than twice that. But the average company is about 20% for sales. And that's how they look at distribution, and we're generally in there for that. Maybe we have some service users too. Maybe they've built some custom apps. But there aren't too many examples where every user has a license already. Dell is one where we have an ELA. We have a few other ELAs. But the vast majority of our 77,000 customers is kind of that 20% level on average. That's my gut. Maybe it's kind of hard for me to exactly know because we don't run that report. But I would say just at a gut level and that our opportunity is to go from that, let's say at 77,000 companies and let's say, so couple the 3 million users to -- we want to get over. I guess I should say our goal or our dream or our vision is that within the next year is to move that to over 10 million users on Salesforce's services, and that Chatter is our directional vehicle to do that. And we think that, that's the right strategy. It's the right technology, and I think that's the possibility. I'm not giving you that as kind of a forward-looking guidance thing that we're going to 10 million users. But in theory, that's the potential. We think that, that's the big potential, the big kahuna.
Graham Smith: So Tom, obviously, without ratable revenue model, it's more difficult for us to get acquisitions to breakeven rapidly. We sort of target certainly to get them to breakeven in a quarter-by-quarter period. Clearly, we've just acquired Jigsaw, so we're very excited about that. We're investing heavily to expand their distribution capacity. But I would think a good yardstick is going to be four to eight quarters out, we're looking to get that business to breakeven. And certainly, if you look at the tuck-ins, there's an impact this year. But clearly next year, as Marc said, we should build that into our run rate of development spend. And I think certainly, this had an impact our gains. We've had to take that into account this year. But I think look to cash low, if you like, as a true north of our operating performance, that we feel we're incrementally more optimistic this quarter about cash flow. We've said we think cash flow is going to grow at the same rate as revenue. Last quarter, we said we thought slightly less than revenue. So I think that's the second set of numbers to look at and make sure that, clearly, we're operating the business well.
Graham Smith: And Mark, just to follow up on the second part of your question. When we issued the press release, when we did the Jigsaw acquisition, we did say $0.06 to $0.08 impact non-GAAP. We've said $0.11 today. The difference of $0.03 is the revenue, the deferred revenue write-down. We elected not to bother to try and pro forma the issue on non-GAAP revenue number for the sake of $7 million on over $1.5 billion. It's less than half a percent, so we made that change between the Jigsaw announcement in our call today. So sorry, if there's confusion, but that's the $0.03. It's the $7 million relating to the deferred revenue write-down.
Graham Smith: Adam, I think as we said all along, the rate crept up pretty slowly. And I think we certainly expect if it continues to move down, it'll be at a fairly leisurely pace. The things we're doing internally are really quite a few things. We're trying to sort of build some predictive analytics around how customers use our product, what are the sort of preemptive warning signs that we should be looking for, how much data do they have in the system, what happens to renewal rates if they have a second product or they're using the platform, they've done customizations, so really just trying to build a lot more intelligence around usage and the predictor of that. And then clearly, we're also -- you saw our press release recently, we hired Maria Martinez from Microsoft to run our Service and Support business, and I think she is taking a fresh view at sort of our operating model in terms of how we support customers, how we on board them, how we get successful as rapidly as possible. It's a lot of different things. And clearly, certain types of attrition, we can't control. For example, if a customer of ours is bought and the acquirer of that company is on a different technology, often there's little we can do about that. We obviously get the reverse side of that, which is good. But we're just looking at the slice of the pies that we can control and working hard on those.
