Bret Taylor: Yes, it's a great question and I definitely view this year and this new pandemic world as an inflection point for the adoption of Einstein. Broadly, I think we're seeing just incredible secular trends towards digital. Yes, I've heard a lot of CEOs just talk about essentially we did in a year what might have taken a decade before in terms of adoption of digital technology, and when all of your customer and your partner and your employee interactions are digital, artificial intelligence and Einstein can make every single one of those engagements more personal. To put some numbers on it, I'll just take Service Cloud as an example. Our digital service capability has grown at unprecedented rates this year, and with the adoption of things like chatbots and -- powered by Einstein, we saw 91% quarter-over-quarter growth in chatbots alone. Our Marketing Cloud, which is just every single one of those interactions, is personalized. If you looked at Cyber Week this past quarter, mobile push notifications were up 131% year-over-year. SMS was up 171% year-over-year. You're seeing just unprecedented adoption of digital, and the thing Marc covered in his opening remarks I think is really important, and a big part of our thesis as a company is we're not going back. The people who have experienced all these digital trends whether it's buy online curbside pickup, that direct-to-consumer trend in the consumer-packaged goods industry, the move to telemedicine, one of the customers Marc mentioned Humana. One of the things they're doing with our platform is Humana Care Support, which is this digital interaction between its members and the care teams, its provider communities. All of these trends are here to stay. And when we think about Einstein, we think about our platform broadly. We really think that we're looking over the next five years, how can we help every single one of our customers across all these industries gain success from anywhere and Einstein is a huge part of that vision.
Bret Taylor: Yes, it's a great question. I'm so grateful to have David at this company. I was joking with Marc the other day that David Schmaier has forgotten more about CRM than most people know. He's been in this industry for decades and is truly an expert. And our strength as a company is that we are experts in our lines of business. We want to help people sell from anywhere, service from anywhere, market from anywhere, do digital marketing from anywhere. But we are increasingly experts in industries. And now thanks to both our organic strategy and our acquisition of Vlocity, we're at 12 industries that we serve across so many strategic verticals for our customers. And you heard our focus which is really helping our customers in this all-digital work anywhere world find success, find success from anywhere. And so much of that is really industry-specific. Every industry is going through a very accelerated digital transformation. In consumer goods, as Marc said, it's about creating direct trusted customer relationships, which is a completely new digital motion that requires new expertise, new software new -- and candidly just a new business model. In areas like health care, you've seen the impact this year. Retail, obviously, Cyber Week has accelerated again by almost a decade worth of acceleration this year. And when I think about our ability to really provide success from anywhere, it's really building in those industry-specific processes so they work out of the box. As Gavin and I mentioned, we do a lot of calls together and that time-to-value discussion is the first thing that comes up. And our vertical solutions are a big part of it because it means we essentially are starting all of our customers on third base with the industry-specific processes that are important to them. So, really grateful for David's leadership and really grateful for the alignment between our product strategy and our distribution and sales strategy that this vertical effort gives us.
Bret Taylor: Okay. Yes I'll add a couple anecdotes. So all the big customer names that Marc mentioned in the opening are all multi-cloud transformational deals that really are about the entire Customer 360. I mentioned, Align before. That's Marketing Cloud, Sales Cloud and our platform. And so I was actually just having a conversation with their Chief Digital Officer, Sree Kolli just yesterday. And it's really inspiring because they're using... 
Bret Taylor: As funny as that is it's also true, but the hard part is we're in this all-digital world. So how do you engage with patients in an all-digital world? So using our core platform, which you expect, but they're also building custom apps like My Invisalign which is built on Heroku, built on our platform to build this really direct trusted relationship with their patients. And I think it's a really wonderful example because when you think about as Marc said what they want it's not a sales capability it's not a marketing capability. They need a digital customer experience to find success from anywhere. And I think every single business is going through this in a unique way. And I think that's very representative of our larger engagements.
Bret Taylor: I think it's a really wonderful point. I think the future right now we're at this inflection point where every executive including Marc, including me has this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to really transform the way their companies work. If you had told me 1.5 years ago that we would execute this entire year without being in an office, without getting on an airplane I would have said it was impossible. But we did do it and we did it without any notice. And every executive in every company including ours coming out of this is really asking the question what is the company we want to be on the other side of it? What sales meetings are we going to get on an airplane for? Is that contact center that used to be a building that is now something that exists in the cloud are we going to go back to the building or just embrace the cloud? And I think it really everywhere and when we were in Singapore and talking to a bunch of companies that had reopened what stood out to me and Marc was actually how many of the pandemic behaviors actually remained.  And I think that's a really interesting glimpse of the future. And you're seeing it across our customer base. There's this concept called flexible work that every single sales meeting I'm in, it comes up which is when our employees going back to the office. And notably when employees aren't going back to the office. And I think it's a really interesting time for digital technology.  But as you said I think it's a really interesting time to think about what the future work looks like. And it's part of what drew us to Slack and that company's vision for the future because it's not just the digital translation of the way we used to work. It's truly a vision for a new way to work. And I think there is really just incredible appetite for that from our customer base. 
Bret Taylor: Yes. I'm extremely excited about our customer data platform. Our brand name for that we call Customer 360 Audiences. And I think there's a couple of details, I'll add. Marc mentioned Hyperforce. This is really the architecture that's enabling our customer data platform. And notably, actually not just in our Marketing Cloud and not just for marketers, but actually enabling B2C scale across our entire platform.  Because I really do think that -- CRM for a long time was for B2B sellers. Back when Marc and Parker started this company 21 years ago that's what people thought. Now every single company of any scale and every single department wants a single source of truth for their customer data. They want to create segments. They want to integrate all their data from legacy data sources and proprietary data sources. And then they want to activate that across every channel digital channels, in-person channels.  And Customer 360 Audience is generally available. We saw a really strong performance in its first few quarters as being available to customers. And we really view it as foundational for our Marketing Cloud in the coming years. 
Gavin Patterson: Sure. Thanks for the question. The pipeline is very strong, and we saw that through -- built throughout the year; and coming into Q4, we continue to see it build. And that's in spite of having no face-to-face events during the year. It's all been done digitally. And as Marc said in his opening remarks, Dreamforce to you where we delivered the whole thing digitally was a huge success giving us access to decision makers and allowing us to strengthen that pipeline. And let me reassure you, we are building the capability in terms of the sales force. You'd be delighted to hear that we're investing significantly in terms of our direct sales force to take advantage of that demand, and I'm very confident we'll be able to meet it. So, I think you're hearing today a message from us all that the business is strong, the pipeline is strong, and we've got confidence going into the year.
Gavin Patterson: Well, what I would say is the digital imperative is now a CEO priority. That's the overriding theme that we've seen over the last nine months. Previously, it might have been delegated down into the business, but it has become so important and so urgent that the CEO wants to take direct control over it. And that has been something we've been able to take advantage of. And coupled with the fact that video allows us to get to see and make us faster and more frequently, it means that the pipeline has been very strong. So you had a question about the deal complexity and changes. It's been strong across the board,so we've done big deals. But the run rate business, the volume side of the business continues to be strong as well. And it's important that both these muscles continue to operate within our business model. So, it's a very well-rounded performance in that respect. And you've rightly identified. Time-to-value is I think probably even more important now for decision-makers. And this is a theme that I know certainly Bret and I have been on calls and is right at the forefront of the CEO and the CTO's decision-making. So, the more we can ensure that standard Salesforce solutions are deployed and they're configured in a standard way to ensure that we can get fast deployment I think is really, really important. So, we're agile we're getting the right sort of conversations and the pipeline is strong across the Board.
Gavin Patterson: Yes. Look I think most of the points have been hit, but from my perspective CEOs C-suite conversations around solutions fundamentally, they're not about products anymore. They're looking for multi-cloud solutions based on a Customer 360, Single Source of Truth, single view of the customer. And to the earlier discussion increasingly [Technical Difficulty] a lot of the standard things for the industry are built in so that they can use it out of the box. So I think we're touching on all the key themes. I think there's one other thing I would mention is that we're getting into more conversations with customers around outcome-based initiatives. So where they want our services businesses to be involved as part of the design and there's a real focus on what are the outcomes and how we can underpin those. So I think we've touched on most of these things already today. But certainly the complexity of the conversation the sophistication of the conversation is increasing. 
