Marc Benioff: Well, that is phenomenal and you know, I have to say of the reasons we see this increasing growth, one of the reasons you see this kind of accelerated revenue growth this year is, we have got a lot more focused on our core mission which allowed us to cross sell more. You probably remember that a couple years ago that we were really focused on defining the social and enterprise and that was very exciting to us. A highly collaborative enterprise built on social technologies. But what we recognize was, when we went into a customer, who is the buyer of the social enterprise, and it was a little tricky to find that buyer. Now when we go in to find the sales cloud buyer, the service cloud buyer, the marketing cloud buyer, the platform buyer, we know who they are and that has been an accelerator on our growth. We bundle that together in this approach called the customer company and that we are really the first enterprise software company to be focused on customer technologies because we know who the buyers are and our customers for customer technologies and that has really been an accelerator for us, a focuser for us. And to your point, it lets us cross sell because we have a clear point of focus with our employees that we are the customer company, we are the company that helps you to connect with your customers in the new way with the sales cloud, the service cloud, the marketing cloud and the platform built entirely on Salesforce1. And once you start to build and deploy on Salesforce1, you can have this phenomenal experience. I was just with Jeff Immelta couple of weeks ago and he took out his iPhone and he said, you know Marc, there is only two apps that use every single day to run General Electric and one of them is salesforce. And he showed me exactly how he uses what is now Salesforce1 and I will just tell you, it just completely blew me away that I can use to it run my company, he can use to run his company. When we are customer focused executives and when we get that kind of environment where a company that has a culture so focused on their customers, we know we are going to have phenomenal cross sell opportunities. When you are here at the show, make sure you talk to our customers. You are going to see a lot of them are starting to buy multiple clouds and that's a huge compensation opportunity as well for us with our own account executives.
Marc Benioff: Well, I will tell you that that's going to be a big part of my keynote tomorrow that most companies don't know who their customers are still. I know that's hard to believe and that most companies feel that they are not ready for this social mobile cloud world and the third one is there is that app gap, which is the half of all companies who want to build and deploy mobile/tab apps or mobile apps to their employees, customers or partners, don't know how and we are going to fill that gap and that's a huge part of Salesforce1.
Marc Benioff: Well, there are three things that I have been focused on this year and the three things that are critical for me are that I felt were mission-critical for fiscal year '14, one is Salesforce1, which now I can finally talk about openly and show tomorrow and get everybody on and I think it's an incredible accelerator for this company and really future proves our customers and helps them take that huge investment that they have made in our platform and they thought was kind of glued to PCs and laptops and is running now natively and perfectly in the mobile world. Number two is, ExactTarget in the Marketing Cloud, we had seen this tremendous demand for marketing technology and we are able to analyze it together and ExactTarget had this monster quarter with us and we are feeling phenomenal about that acquisition. Three is, Keith Block. We have been after this guy for a long time and the we were very, very fortunate that he became available and he has hired several dozen executives now to come along with them into re-conceptualizing and rebuild our customer facing organization. He is on our board of directors, he is our President and Vice Chairman. He is doing a phenomenal job and I couldn't be more excited about the having him as part of our Salesforce management team. I mean it's been really a joy and I think he's absolute the best the customer facing executive ever worked within our industry.
Marc Benioff: Well, for us Asia Pacific really consists of two countries Australia and Japan. Japan has been a massive country for us and so as Japan goes so does our Asia Pacific revenue. We continue to see great execution in Japan of our organization, but we also see tremendous opportunity that still needs to be fulfilled. I was just in Japan two weeks ago. I conducted one of our events there, customer company tour, we had 4,000, 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 people there, I don't know how many. It was our biggest event ever in Japan, phenomenal. What I see is, all the same things I see around the world, which is a phenomenal opportunity for companies to automate themselves in new ways and our ability to grow this Asia Pacific line is really all about our ability to grow Japan. When we look back over the last several years in Japan, it's been tough in the enterprise world there. Yet we have grown really well. It's been much easier in the SMB world, it's constant flux back and forth. It's about building a full portfolio of customers which we have done. And you are going to see it here at this conference. We have almost 500 guests who have flown from Japan to attend Dreamforce and I think that when you talk to them, we will have an opportunity to introduce them, I think you are going to see incredible demand opportunities for Japan. Our new Japan data center is now open. Our new office in Japan is also now open in JP Tower, which the government invited us into one of their buildings in the Marunouchi district, which is traditionally reserved for native Japanese companies. So they view us very much as a Japanese organization as do we ourselves and I really expect this to be an accelerator for our business there over the next several years.
Marc Benioff: That's definitely part of the strategy. He has a comprehensive strategy developed that the board has approved that he's executing. One of the key parts of his strategy is bringing in a new management team, which he has done and that's now in place. Second part of the strategy is to put in critical new programs like a focus on verticals. And there's other key parts of the strategy as well. I don't want to go through all of it because it is somewhat, I would say, proprietary and competitive and would probably let our competitors know some things that we are going to do which may surprise them.
Marc Benioff: Well, number one, we are the largest provider of cloud based analytics and dashboard in the industry. You just have to look at the millions and millions of dashboards that we deliver to our customers each and every day, reports, analytics on their customer data and you are only going to see that expand and become more detailed with Salesforce1. You are also going to see phenomenal new graphics capabilities directly within Salesforce1 that will let our customers deliver those dashboards and analytics directly to their device. Now to your point, it's not a general purpose analytics and data warehousing solution, though many customers do use it in that way. Certainly one of my dreams has been to build and deliver a world-class analytics and data warehousing solution with the same type of acuity that salesforce has on CRM, and we have tried that approach quite a few times. We have done a lot of research and development in that area. We have also bought companies in that area but we have not yet created a product. When we find kind of the magic secret sauce that we somehow can put together at salesforce where the price and the technology and the ease of use is clearly in order of magnitude better than our competitors, like you are seeing with Salesforce1 today, then we will have that type of solution where we will come to you and say, well, yes, we have a world-class analytics and data warehousing solution. Today we are 100% focused on sales, service, marketing and platform. Those are the only four markets that we are addressing. And analytics is within those four, but not analytics as a fifth, if that answers your question, specifically.
Marc Benioff: Europe's execution over the last several years has been phenomenal and I think perhaps some of the best execution I have ever seen in my career. We are continuing to work in that area and a lot of that is because we narrowed our focus in Europe, we realized that the key markets in Europe were the U.K., France and Germany and that we needed to double down in those markets and that we were too prevalent in smaller markets that were not material to our organization. When we made that strategic shift that was led by George Hu, our COO in an analysis that he did that basically yielded our eight country focus around the world which impacted Europe the hardest, we saw this acceleration in Europe and we continue to see great things ahead there and we have talked about that in previous calls that we continue to see world class execution in Europe. We also saw that same phenomenal execution in North America as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, I don't think we gave out the specific numbers on large deals and all that, but we will probably talk about that next quarter. We had a monster quarter, okay? And, it was a monster quarter in big deals and small deals in the enterprise and SMB in Europe and in the U.S. and a lot of it has to do with these three kinds of things coming together that I talked about. We have a phenomenal new distribution management team with a phenomenal new acquisition and we have a complete refresh of our whole products family and we are ready and we are excited. Look, the world has changed it has gone cloud, it's gone social, it's gone mobile and it's gone connected. The companies that are struggling in the market today have not gone cloud, they have not gone social, they have not gone mobile, they have not gone connected. They are still trying to sell the same old stuff. You could see it in this article that in The Wall Street Journal about Steve Ballmer over the weekend, interview that they had where he basically talks about, well it's time for him to move on because he is too representative of the past. I think for a lot of these companies that quote could be about them. I thought that he articulated it really well. That there is an old philosophy of computing and those companies that are executing that old philosophy are not growing and they are not competing and they are not succeeding and the companies that have adopted the new capability, they are going to see hundreds of those companies here at this show. They are growing and we are one of them and I expect good things ahead, because we got the right products that everybody needs right now and a lot of companies don't, so my message to them is the same as before which is the future is cloud computing. The future is social computing, its mobile computing and it's all about this new connected world or what we call the Internet of customers. The companies who are aligning with that, I expect will have tremendous success whether they are small, medium or large, but the companies who deny that the world has changed and that they can continue just to sell this old stuff and that people still want it, well, I think that those companies and those CEOs are the ones who are having the problems and they should transform and they should move forward.
Marc Benioff: Well, first of all, the new Salesforce HP Superpod is a Superpod right in our data center with our other pods. It's just a pod that is dedicated to a specific customer that is willing to spend a significant amount of, what we call, AOV with us or Annualized Operating Value, that is the amount of that customer has to be at a certain threshold before we even consider a Superpod and the Salesforce HP Superpod, the first customer is HP because they have exceeded that threshold. Now we have other customers who are also exceeding that threshold and this is a phenomenal opportunity for us and these very large customers to align to offer them our multi-tenant software in a dedicated instance. Okay, so this is not as other companies call it, you can't get this on your premise. There's no hybrid. There's none of this stuff that other people do. This is our same software but in a dedicated instance in our data center and just for you. And it's our same software and those organizations will still have multi-tenants. So big companies like HP or other companies that use our product, they will still have multiple orbs within one pod, but it will be a Superpod or a dedicated pod. In regards to changes in the marketplace regarding all these news reports and all this stuff, it's not our world. We haven't seen it. We don't participate in it. We don't hear about it. This isn't an area that we are knowledgeable in. We don't do communications technology or those types of things. We are doing sales forecast and opportunity management and that just isn't part of the world that you have been hearing about. So we feel very much extracted from that.
Marc Benioff: And again, if you want to have a seat in my keynote, I really recommend you get here early. Also I am looking forward to seeing you all. I will be on Mad Money in about four minutes. So I will see you then. Thank you.
