Keith Block: Thanks, Marc. We had a great day in New York with over 8,000 people registered. So it was a terrific event and well-received and the customers are very, very excited about our messaging.
Keith Block: It's interesting. I had dinner before -- last night we had a dinner with 40 of our greatest customers and prospects. And I sat next to the CEO of Accenture, North America. And we had an excellent dialogue about the partnership and the relationship. And Accenture is just a culture that embraces transformation. And so they appreciate the level of transformation. They know what their customers are looking for. And because of that they want to partner with a company like Salesforce, who understands growth, understands transformation. So it's a very good linkage between the two firms. And that's what we're seeing in interest marketplace and that's why Accenture was happy to establish that a partnership in the consumer packaged good space, that's why Accenture is our number one partner. And that's why they continue to evangelize a great message that we have to our joint customers.
Keith Block: I think, Marc, you're spot on. I mean, at the end of the day, we are performing well across all of our clouds. And certainly as we talked about service, a lot of companies in a variety of industries differentiate themselves with service. And when you think of this Age of the Customer where there are billions of connected devices and connected things, and you think about what service can do in terms of the business model, leveraging IoT and Analytics it's very, very powerful in terms of disruption and differentiation and changing business models and that is really the level of dialog that we are having with many, many companies and it's very exciting.
Keith Block: Yes, no problem, I'm happy to fill that question. Look, across the board, I mean if you look at the wins in the quarter, we had some terrific experiences with financial services, obviously with American Express and automotive with General Motors and consumer package goods with AB InBev and Mattel. So financial services is very strong, healthcare and life sciences is very strong, retail is really picking up, CPG is really picking up, manufacturing has always been a strength for the company, but we continue to do very, very well. I alluded to that deal that we closed earlier. So it really has become a situation where in no surprise customers want to speak to us and we should be speaking to them in their language. And that is the whole idea behind the industry strategy, and it starts with that. It starts with the messaging and the creation of the solution. It also moved into making sure they're organized carefully and we've done that very carefully over the last 2.5 years in physical organizations that focus on vertical markets. And then the third is to start delivering product, which we announced, again, just before Dreamforce around Health Cloud and Financial Services Cloud. So it's really a three pronged industry strategy that is resonating with our customers. They want more of it. They certainly don't want less of it. And we already had a very compelling and differentiated solution, but when you also add this sort of layer on it with the industry messaging and going to market by industry and also adding to this product set, it becomes super compelling and customers really, really like what we're doing.
Marc Benioff: Well, Keith, you know what, I think everyone on the call would love to talk to you now about how your experience was in the field. We obviously had a great Dreamforce. We saw more customers this year. I know you and I this year have been in front of more CEOs and CIOs I think ever in our entire career, and everyone wants to talk about how to transform the customer experience. I don't know a company today that isn't reviewing on how to transform their customer experience and how to not get, I guess, a lot of them say, they don't want to get uberized out of the world. But some of them I think are don't want to get postmated out of the world, because I just ordered my lunch on postmates here in San Francisco. So maybe you can tell me your experience there in New York.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think the way to think about Service Cloud is, first and foremost, these are mega markets. Sales, service, marketing, analytics, these are all multibillion dollar markets. We actually called them internally swimmers and we call them swimmers in their lanes. And we look at these products each going down their own lane, and yes, you're right, service is performing incredibly well, but so is sales, so is analytics, so is community, so is our platform, so is marketing, we have many, many high-performing swimmers. And we don't just look it at that way, by the way. We not only see that, we see it by geography, and we also look at it in verticals. And in each of the strategic areas that we've made this big bets, we continue to see very high performance. And in customer service and support, if you read Gartner's most recent Customer Engagement Magic Quadrant, you'll see Salesforce is number one. We've displaced Oracle, we've displaced SAP. These were traditionally the leaders in the Gartner Magic Quadrant, and so we're not only now the number one in the Magic Quadrant on sales, which we have been for few years, but now we're number one in the Magic Quadrant for service, which means we actually have the best product possible. Our customers just have phenomenal success. We have great examples of customers who have tens of thousands of users deployed on this product. We have examples of customers who have tens of users, hundreds of users. But what's unusual our Service Cloud is you could be a very small company or you could be a massive company, and you can use our Service Cloud. And when you look at requirements for customers to provide extended customer service, especially in regards to areas like the Internet of Things, when our core customers like Cisco or Phillips or even Coca Cola are more connected to their customer than ever before, the first point of access with those customers is customer service, so they better have their customer service act together if they're going to drive the customer revolution. So of course, we continue to do well in all of our core products, but also customer service is a critical part of our portfolio. Keith, you want to add anything to that.
Marc Benioff: Yes, that's a great question, and let me address that. So there is no doubt, we are at a tipping point in cloud platforms. And companies who have been cloud deniers like SAP and Oracle are paying a horrible price in single-digit and negative growth, because companies are not buying their products, because they are not modern. And they are not built-in this kind of modern architecture. When you look at the cloud opportunity there is different opportunities. And one opportunity is at the applications layer, where we dominate in sales and service and marketing, where we have these multi, multiple billion dollar clouds, all kind of underway, which I've just talked about in the last question. But the next layer down, which is declarative and programmatic application development and deployment, especially in rapid application development and deployment, this is an area where we also have incredible success. Gartner calls this aPaaS, Application Platform-as-a-Service. You look at our product like our App Cloud, Salesforce1, Lightning, Heroku, this is an area that's very strategic to us, because our core applications are built with our platform, which gives our customers basically the plasticity necessary to kind of take our applications apart and putting them back together, this is an area that's very important to us. The next layer down is, kind of what we traditionally call Infrastructure-as-a-Service. Amazon Web Services, which we are a huge customer of Amazon Web Services, Amazon is also a huge customer of Salesforce, and we use the Amazon Web Services to build our products. For example, Heroku is one of the most successful platforms on the Amazon Web Services and has been incredible success for Salesforce.com and also demonstrates the power of Amazon's platform. Salesforce also has been working with Microsoft on how we're going to be using Azure as part of our product line as well. We're very excited about Microsoft. We also have a great relationship with Microsoft. We've talked about that, and I think Azure is terrific. And Google, by the way, is a huge customer of Salesforce. We use Google's platform very extensively at Salesforce as well. And I'll tell you something that it's critical for the operations of our company, and the Amazon, Microsoft and Google's cloud platforms. We're a very modern company and how we've deployed IT internally, that's given us the flexibility to grow. We tutor and mentor other CIOs and industry leaders and show them what we've done to build a modern company using this highly flexible IT infrastructure, but it's because we're doing all three of these layers. One, very flexible dynamic, highly innovative, three releases a year, applications at the top; in the middle, rapid application development and deployment of apps, like I was talking about new apps appearing on my phone instantly from my IT department in that APAS area; and also an Infrastructure-as-a-Service, where we partner with Amazon, we partner with Microsoft and we partner with Google, those are three core strategic partners in Infrastructure-as-a-Service, and that's the modern IT infrastructure. And of course, what do we all run it on, we don't run it on our laptops, but we run it on our phones. And that's the power of the modern age. And this gives you the level of speed in IT. It gives you much lower total cost of ownership. And it gives you a rate of innovation, because you're not waiting three or four years for a new release, you're waiting three or four months, sometimes three or four days before you're getting incredible new features and functionality. And so yes, we are at a tipping point. You could see that in the results of Amazon. You can see it in the results of Microsoft. You can see it in the results of Google. And you can see it in the results of Salesforce. And for companies who have denied that this shift is happening, for companies who have fooled customers to be afraid of this shift, and for companies who have tried to stop this shift, look at where they are today. It's quite a good example of Clayton Christensen theories regarding The Innovator's Dilemma.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think this is a great question, Kash, and is something that Keith and Mark and I are talking about with Alex Dayon as well almost every single day, because we're working on our fiscal year '17 budgets. And when you look at the great success of a lot of these core products, we want to continue to fuel them. Certainly, Service Cloud is amazing. Marketing Cloud, obviously, is also amazing, and Sales Cloud, of course, has achieved a level of revenue that we never could have anticipated and continues to grow. And we have other, as I said, kind of swimmers in their lanes doing very, very well. Now, in addition of those core products, especially with the tip of the Marketing Cloud and its outstanding performance, especially since we acquired ExactTarget and integrated that very deeply into the company, I think also you have to look at what Keith has done with public sector, which is very exciting for us and is a huge opportunity for our company. And of course, the verticals where we're continuing to build some new products, including our wealth management product that we've announced and our health product and other applications categories that we see, and that I will also have to say ISVs. So ISVs remains a really powerful growth channel as well. So if we have any problem with Salesforce, it's that we have a huge amount to invest next year, but we can't just peanut butter and give everybody something. We have to make some bet and to invest in some these winners that I'm talking about, because we have had some phenomenal results as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, here is how I look at it, which is, Aneel is a very close friend of mine and I just got a text from him, while we're on the call here. And I look at it differently and I'll tell you why. I think the next 10 years is the age of the customer. I don't think it's the age of data science or the age of machine intelligence or the age of cognitive or the age of mobility or the age of social or the age of cloud or whatever, okay, because all of those things are going to be important in the next 10 years. All of those things, the cloud, social, mobile, data science, deep learning, MLP, machine intelligence, those are table stakes. Those are table stakes. What you're going to do with that technology? Who is not using those technologies? Phillips is using that technology. GE is using that technology. Apple is using that technology. Cisco is using that technology. Coca Cola, Unilever, they're all using. Look, if the next 10 years for these companies is going to be about customer, what are they doing to build a world-class customer experience? How do they transform from being product companies to customer experience companies? And as millennials takeover in these enterprises, they're going to be much more focused on experiences and that is going to be the transformational lever for growth with these companies. And I think that if we get to into any one particular technology, or if I was to all of a sudden wave the flag like I used to do 15 or 16 years ago for cloud, okay, that would be a huge misstate for a company, because the number one thing, most important thing to this company is the customer. So there was a really good discussion between Ginni Rometty, who is the CEO of IBM and John Stumpf, who is the CEO of Well Fargo Bank at a conference that I was just at put on by Fortune Magazine here in San Francisco, and I'm sure that the transcript is available online, but you will see that when she is discussing her strategy is to become the cognitive company. And when he is discussing his strategy it's to become the customer company. And I think that we too have to decide what kind of companies are we going to be? I'm going with customer-company. I want to be a customer company like John Stumpf does. He is all about the customer, maintaining the integrity and the fidelity of the customer relationship. I want to help him do that, and yes, will cognitive help him to do that? Yes. Will cloud help him to do that? Yes, it's doing it. Is mobile, yes; social, yes; IoT, yes; all of these things. But let's keep our eye on the ball, which there is a transformational force that is wafting its way through all of these companies and every company is afraid that they're going to be uberized out of the world. And they see it happening. And it could be financial services. It could be IBM, okay. Every company is worried about -- look at the decline of IBM over the last decade. Technology is shaking every company at its roots. So that's why the companies who will be the most successful are the ones who are most connected to the customers, because the customers are the ones who guide us into the future. They are the ones with the true vision of where we have to go. So I'm going with customer on this one.
Mark Hawkins: Fantastic. Thank you, Marc. We delivered another great quarter with consistent execution and balanced growth across all of our products and geographies. And our results this quarter set us up for a strong finish in FY '16, as discussed, and another solid year in FY '17. Third quarter revenue was $1.71 billion, up 24% in dollars and 27% in constant currency. Foreign exchange, continue to impact revenue with a year-over-year headwind of $40 million and a sequential headwind of $6 million. We continue to see strong year-over-year constant currency growth in all of our geographies with the Americas growing 27%, EMEA growing 28%, and Asia-Pac growing 25% Each of our clouds delivered outstanding year-over-year growth on a dollar basis with Sales Cloud growing 10%, Service Cloud growing 38%, App Cloud and other growing 40%, and Marketing Cloud growing 29%. Dollar attrition for the third quarter excluding Marketing Cloud was approximately 9%. From a bottomline perspective, we delivered another quarter of improving profitability. In fact, we have now increased our year-over-year non-GAAP operating margin for the sixth consecutive quarters, up 221 basis points over Q3 of last year. Our Q3 non-GAAP EPS was $0.21. Non-GAAP EPS includes approximately $0.01 from our lower than anticipated non-GAAP tax rate, which I'll discuss more in a moment. Our great topline and bottomline performance in Q3 drove another solid quarter of cash generation with operating cash flow of a $118 million. This was slightly down year-over-year about 4%, while operating cash flow year-to-date was up 37% compared to the same period over last year and that's now up to $1.2 billion year-to-date, which is very exciting. Marc, it took us 15 years to get to a $1 billion in cash flow and we did it in the first two quarters and now we're topping it, so we're really excited about that. For the full year, we continue to anticipate operating cash flow in the growth of 24% to 25%, consistent with our prior guidance and our revenue growth operating margin framework. Third quarter free cash flow defined as operating cash flow plus CapEx was $38 million, down 23% over the last year. Again, year-to-date free cash flow was $937 million, up 47% over the first nine months of the last year. Looking at billed deferred revenue, we delivered growth of 28% year-over-year. Excluding an FX headwind of $41 million, deferred revenue grew 30% over last year. On a sequential basis, deferred revenue was impacted by an FX headwind of $7 million. In the quarter, 79% of the value of all subscription and support related invoices were issued with annual terms compared to 73% in Q3 of last year. This is a bit higher than anticipated and translated into approximately 2 percentage points of deferred revenue growth in the quarter. Moving on to guidance. With our great performance into the third quarter, we are raising our full year revenue guidance by $25 million. We now anticipate revenue to be $6.64 billion to $6.65 billion for 24% growth year-over-year. The guidance continues to include an FX headwind of approximately $175 million. We are also raising our full year non-GAAP EPS to $0.74 to $0.75 or $0.03 at the high end of the range, which is approximately $0.02, as a result of our outperformance and about $0.01 as a result of our lower full year non-GAAP tax rate. Now, let me take a minute to discuss our non-GAAP tax rate. We are adjusting our projected full year non-GAAP tax rate to 35.5%, in light of a recent Altera tax opinion. You may recall that we began to compute and use the fixed long-term non-GAAP tax rate during FY '15, and as we said, we would reevaluate this rate annually and/or as the situation rises where we need to reevaluate that and that is exactly the case as it relates to Altera, and that's just the situation where we needed to true that up. And we'll continue to reevaluate that and give you update as we need to. For Q4, our full year guidance implies revenue growth of approximately $1.782 billion to $1.792 billion, non-GAAP EPS of $0.18 to $0.19 and billed deferred revenue growth of approximately 23% to 24%. And as you heard from Marc, we are pleased to be initiating fiscal revenue guidance of approximately $8 billion to $8.1 billion for year-over-year growth of 20% to 22%. In fact, FY '17 feels very similar to last year, as we continue to deliver strong growth at scale. And we will provide additional details about our outlook for FY '17 on our fourth quarter call in February. To close, we had a strong third quarter and we are well-positioned for a great finish to FY '16 and to deliver another solid year in FY '17. Thanks to all of our employees for continuing to deliver these outstanding results. And with that I'd like to open the call for questions.
Mark Hawkins: So one of the things that I just want to jump in on, Marc, on that point is, the second aspect of the question, which is around renewals and what we saw there from margins, Kash, I'm happy to address that. The first thing we always think about obviously is customer success. And we want to make sure that happens and that really promotes renewals. And we'd love the attrition rate, Kash, it's been happening. You track the company for a long, long time, and you watched that come down now into the approximately 9% range and that really helps us. And so as we think about margins going forward, as it relates to renewals, one of the things I just would almost level it up and say, all of our unit economics suggest that we can hit the mid-30s in terms of our operating margin over the long-term at mature revenue growth rates. And part of that is because we're taking good care of the customer, part of that is because we keep the attrition rate low and part of that is we continue to get scale with unit economics that we can see today. So Kash, I think the long and the short of it is, as that renewal business continues to grow, our number one priority is to take care of the customer and number two is we will fulfill the operating margin in the mid-30s, long, long-term.
Mark Hawkins: Happy to do both there, Karl, and again good to talk to you. Let's just talk about the second question first, and then we'll go back to the renewals. I'll say the first thing is that we are pleased, we have been on a path to just increase our invoices to annual from FY '12, so we've been on a steady path with continuous improvement. And we report out when we next progress, and last quarter we continued to make progress. As you noted, Karl, year-on-year, we went from 74% of our invoices being annual to 79%, and so that is just good progress, good execution. We're pleased to see it. It works well for lots of and lots of different reasons. And that added, as I called out, about roughly 2 points of growth to deferred revenue year-on-year. But I think we have continued runway on this in the sense that the more enterprise business we get, the more natural it is for people to go to the annual terms that we're looking for. So I wouldn't expect any sharp turns, Karl. I think about this is a steady progression with, yes, more runway in the future. Key thing about it is moderate and that's what we're intending and I think it's just good execution. That's number one. Number two, in terms of renewals, and one of the things for everybody on the call just as a reminder, we just talked about the quantum of our renewals. If you think about when they show up, and Q4 is when they show up the most, when you think about kind of the historical patterns of our business, and in fact, that is what we expect. And that's all comprehended in our guidance, which we feel really good about both for Q4, the strong finish, and also as we point into next year. Obviously, hitting something worth $8 billion to $8.1 billion on topline revenue, we feel really good about for the company to continue to grow and execute at the scale. So those are my answers on both points, Karl.
