Keith Block: Glad to answer that question. So, we did discuss on the last call that at the very end of Q2, we did have some weakness in the United States that was attributed to execution issues. And as I said on the last call, we did a very detailed and very disciplined operational review. We made some minor adjustments to our playbook and some changes down the ranks. And I am very, very pleased with the results. This is a high-performing team, it’s been a very high-performing team for number of years, and they have responded in time. As far as deals, in any given quarter, deals, I mean there is an ebb and flow, some come in, some come out. But I am very, very pleased with the execution in the quarter, particularly around these large seven figure transactions. Again, these brands are absolutely fantastic. You talk about a company like PNC Bank or Citigroup, even Amazon in the quarter, KONE, Telecom Argentina, many of these brands are world-class brands. And our performance was strong globally, across all theaters, all markets, all segments, all industry. So, again, I think it is a quarter of execution and very, very proud of how the team responded.
Keith Block: Yes. So, again, we are very fortunate, based on the vision of our CEO, who is sitting right here, to have an incredible product in set of clouds that is second to none. Obviously, we’re the market leader in virtually every one of these clouds and super excited about the vision that we put for our customers. And obviously based on these results, our customers are super excited as well. And they serve as the inspiration and motivation for a lot of the vision along with of course with Marc and rest of the team comes up with here. But, I’ll tell you that we are very pleased with our Sales Cloud execution, we are very pleased with our Service Cloud execution. And proof positive around Service Cloud is that example I gave on KONE. This is a best in class service oriented company, even though they are industrial manufacturer. And they look to us to help them transform their business around field service, because this is a way for them to differentiate their products. Service is very strategic in their future. And it’s just one example of how companies are looking at a Service Cloud. Our platform continues, our ISV strategy is very, very strong, our execution around ISVs has been very strong, which speaks to how strong the platform is. We look at Marketing Cloud as a very strong product. We look at some of these acquisitions that we’ve made, the Commerce Cloud. We had a very large global CPG company and very, very recognizable brand. And that deal happened because Commerce Cloud onto itself was very compelling, but when combined with our core products, made us even more compelling to envision for that particular company. So, we love our product strategy, we love our vision, our customers obviously love our vision. This is only reinforced at Dreamforce, which was just an incredible event this year and we say it every year, but it was just incredible event. And then when you start adding things like Einstein into the mix which really is about the future, it’s just becomes more and more compelling. So, we definitely have the wins at are back in our sales and we’re super excited about the execution in our vision for our customers.
Keith Block: In fact, Marc, I just would like to add on to that. I really see that when you look at the entire balance portfolio Marc and you look at the growth rate that we’re putting out, which nobody is doing in our industry at this size and scale, what it translates in is this whole market share thing, Marc where we gain market share, we gained 150 basis points at last report and we just continue to watch our competitors fall behind in this respect. And then lastly Marc, to your point on portfolio, 27% growth in the Americas, 27% growth in constant currency in Europe and 29% growth in constant currency in Asia Pac. Marc, I think that underscores portfolio point.
Keith Block: Let me just jump on that and anybody else can add in if they’d like. We’re so pleased with Demandware; we’re so pleased to have this asset. It rounds us out, it’s a unique asset…
Keith Block: But, Walter, I think what’s interesting about this is we put out in the stub period announcement $49 million in revenue. And of course you know that it was haircut by about a third. We snapped this in and we talk about execution. Everybody has been on it. We have a great team that’s been joining us. They’re working in with our broader company and we’re starting to see the momentum pick up. And Marc alluded to that in some of the activities but we see lots and lots of opportunity. And from a synergy standpoint, we have a plan, we can’t go into a great detail on all of that about where we’re going take this long-term including as you’d expect Walter, lifting the company and synergies and really leveraging some of the best practices of Salesforce and some of the best practices of Demandware. So, watch this frame to come but the overall performance, I love what I see.
Keith Block: Look, I think the bottom line is that we have an abundance of riches [ph] particularly as it relates to our product portfolio. And if I look at our field organization and the value preposition and the solutions that they can put in front of a customer, whether it’s a line of business executive whether it’s from an industry perspective, it is incredibly compelling. And that is really manifesting itself from these results. So, I would echo with Marc’s sentiment about what people have to carry in their bag and what they can put in front of customers. I also want to go back to the part of the question around the platform and why we’re seeing such great results in the platform. There is a bunch of reasons for this. And let me start with the systems integrator. I think as everybody knows, we have really emphasized the importance of having an incredible partner ecosystem and particularly over the last 3.5 years. And that has just paid dividends when you are talking about the largest SIs of the boutiques. And we still have work to do there but the team has really done a fantastic job there. But those SIs are really recognizing the value of the platform and what it can bring to their client. So that’s one point I would raise. The second point that I would raise is that initially when we sell our position of products with customer, like Sales Cloud or Service Cloud, customers are overwhelmed by how incredible it is but then they realize that the power of the platform extending sales and extending service and that just lends itself to more usage adoption and utilization of the platform product. And then, finally back to my partner comment, we have had a huge emphasis on ISVs and the growth of the ISVs and making sure that we reinvigorate our app exchange. But particularly around our industry ISVs, we are seeing tremendous success. And why is that? Number one, they love our platform, they see all the capabilities, they see all the potential and they want to build mission critical applications on top of that platform. So, we do have a lot of great products in the portfolio that our sales team can deliver and our service teams can provide service to and our partners can deploy. But we also have an incredible platform and that is a lot of the secret sauce that we have in the company.
Keith Block: Yes, these SIs, critical part of our strategy, these SIs are in the boardroom along with us and they are key influencers. In fact Marc, you and I have presented to a quite a few with their boards. Now, I don’t believe that Microsoft or SAP or Oracle are being asked to present in the boards of these incredible SIs. So, it’s a big part of our strategy. If you look at their growth and their practices, I mean they are exploding. And they can’t get enough talent. So, they are cannibalizing the legacy practices of the companies that I mentioned earlier.
Keith Block: I thinks it’s very simple, these companies, these CEOs have an agenda of growth. Our story is about growth, they are imperative is about growth. And we are uniquely qualified as a company with this product portfolio and quite frankly our culture is an example of how to grow.
Keith Block: Yes, I mean just to that point and both of you guys have mentioned this, it’s one thing to build a practice but when you also bet on your business, because you are running Salesforce to run your business. I think that speaks volumes, and all the major players do.
Keith Block: I love this question. So, listen, we live in a world where -- and Marc talked about this, where speed, mobility and productivity, innovation, intelligence are paramount. This has become table stakes. If you want to be part of the next wave of great companies, and if you think about the classic business problems that any consumer package goods company has right now is they have to have a connection with that end consumer. Many times they go through a retailer or distributor or whether it’s a classic industrial company or whether it’s a consumer package goods company like a Unilever, they want that direct connection to the consumer. So, moving that shift, keeping the B2B relationships but also establishing a new model of B2C is very critical to their future. I mean, think about -- we live in this world, we call the age of the customer. And think about cloud, mobile, social, data science, IoT, analytics and artificial intelligence, all coming together, new companies have born overnight. Barriers to entry into markets are being brought down. And if you’re not thinking about the future and how you’re going to engage with your customer, whether you’re a B2B company or a B2C customer, you’re going to be in trouble. So, this is becoming a regular dialog and even more meaningful for us at Salesforce because of the Commerce Cloud. So, this is just another part of our portfolio that really helps to complete the package around these transformations. So, it is becoming a regular part of the conversation and that particular win that I mentioned earlier. This is one of the world’s greatest CPG companies in many regards and it is exactly about moving from B2B to B2C.
Keith Block: I think, there is a number of things going on here. I mean, we all know the story of the second quarter, I don’t think we need to talk about that but at the last earnings call we said that we had a high degree of confidence in our Q3. And obviously we delivered the goods and we said we also had high degree of confidence in Q4 and we did make those adjustments. I do think that we -- I’ll echo Marc’s comments; I think that we do have the best distribution organization in the world in certainly in this industry. But it also allows us to talk to our customers about the things that they can do and adjust the way that they think about their customers and how they can sell to their customers and service to their customers and market to their customers. 
Keith Block: Yes. Look, I think the results speak for themselves. There is a lot of dialog out there. Marc mentioned about the tail from 2008, the presidential election. Looking at the end of the day, at Salesforce, our story is about growth, our message is about growth, our products and vision inspire growth, what CEO does not like growth? And I think that says it all. So, I think we are well positioned…
Keith Block: Yes. Thank you for the question. So, go back to what Marc said about a balanced portfolio and that is really what this is all about. Each of our individual clouds are best in class and together it’s even more powerful, and this is a balanced portfolio. And we are out there selling solutions to real business problems and opportunities for these customers. So, it’s a very balanced portfolio, it’s installed base selling, it’s net new customers, I mentioned a few of these who are new customers to us, company like PNC is a brand new logo and it’s a pretty good brand new logo. So, we’re super excited about it. So, it’s just great execution with an excellent platform for customers with our consolidate selling or net new logos and positioning the solutions for growth.
Keith Block: As you know, this is one of our core strategies that we’ve trying to put in place over the last 3.5 years. It’s really to speak the language of the customer and go to market by industry and make sure our messaging and our products and entire portfolio is really in many ways taking this incredible platform of products and portfolio of products and reorient them to solve the specific customer problem. In this particular quarter, we’re seeing something in Q3 around financial services where again the seven of these premier financial services institutions decided to go with Salesforce as they think about their transformation. One of these deals was with a premier wealth management company. And they are going wall to wall with our financial services cloud, which is one of our first vertical products that we have ever had in the Company. And [indiscernible] since March, but this firm is going to wall to wall and that’s because we are targeting a specific problem area in a specific industry. I mean you think about the Telecom Argentina solution that we partnered as part of our ecosystem, with this company like velocity, And this is transformational for the telecommunications industry. It’s a huge win for both of us. And this is probably not the same sort of outcome that we would have gone, if we had not had something that was industry specific. So, whether it’s the PNC story or the Citigroup story or the wealth management story that I referenced, the Telecom Argentina. We are in very early days here, whether it’s organically with our products, with financial services cloud may help or whether it’s with our partner ecosystem. But this is really a hand in glove strategy with our partners, our SIs, our ISVs, the way that we’ve organized our field teams around going to market. And at the end of the day, all comes back to the platform because everything is built on that platform and leverages the strength of that platform. So, again I think that is the secret sauce. But this vertical and industry strategy is certainly playing off in terms of the level that we call on in the account, these are all very much CEO level sales, the mind share and market share and wallet share that we’re getting as a result of speaking the language of the customer. So, we’ve got some momentum here and we’re excited about it.
Marc Benioff: And Keith, I just want to add to that, and I’m sure everybody realizes, especially people who were at Dreamforce, this is a balanced portfolio. And we have really a balanced portfolio and what’s great about that is, of course we’ve talked about having a balanced portfolio geographically, we have a balanced portfolio in regard to our small and medium business, as well as our enterprise business, we also have balanced portfolio when it comes to our products. And you can see that in the numbers. Of course, Sales Cloud is one of the largest products in our industry, not just CRM but in the software industry. And to it growing at 13%, I mean, I just think that is incredible to see that reacceleration. And it’s pretty awesome. And I am really excited about that. Again, we service at 29%, we saw App Cloud and other 43%, marketing 28%. But what I really focus on is that we have a balanced portfolio of offerings because as the Salesforce kind of gets different levels of comfort and by geography and by market segment, we see that shift quarter-to-quarter. But like a portfolio manager in a big institution, it’s big financial institution, and they’re keeping a balanced portfolio, so are we. And through that balanced portfolio, that’s how we’re achieving these high performance results.
Marc Benioff: I think when you look at things like Einstein, you look at kind of these incredible directions, the shifts that are going on and technology, from a customer perspective, and we had an opportunity to meet with all the largest banks here in New York this week. Customer service, sales, marketing, these things -- it’s going to have an incredible shift. And that is really what is just surprising to me. I don’t think -- when you look back, we started this company 17, 18 years ago. And where we are now, I mean, this was unexpected. And from a technical perspective, and I went through some of those things, but whether it’s our UI -- the demos that I did with customers today were entirely on my phone that was -- I’ve given CEOs of Fortune 100 companies, hey, I run my whole business on my phone that surprises a lot of people. And to see the amount of information and insights that you can get from that is just incredible; and not just the UI, but business intelligence as well, I have Wave running on my phone. Mark Hawkins has Wave running on his. We both gave a Fortune 10 CEO a demo on our phones, and they just couldn’t believe that. And then, I’ll tell you that it’s now this -- AI, artificial intelligence where everything is getting just smarter and is helping all these users to actually point the direction of success. They know where to go. That is what is so cool. And of course, we’re complementing that with the speed of our platform, with this unbelievable mobility, with this productivity from Quip. I think I talked about that earlier but that’s a huge game changer for our customers. This is really awesome and they see it as the integrated platform that our Company -- our customer can execute against is very motivating for them. And I think that that’s really cool. And of course Einstein is a huge part of it and you’re going to see Einstein of course deeply integrated in everything that we do. And customers get that Einstein is different than other AI solutions. I’ve met with all the tech CEOs of course, the cloud CEOs, and they all have AI. It’s table stakes AI. AI is table stakes, you all know that; everybody has got it programmatically; we’ve got the best AI, no, we’ve got the best AI, we’ve got -- okay, fine; but have declaratively, through our platform, because we need to bring it to millions of people, not just a few -- there’s only 15 million programmers in the world. We’re much bigger than that. We have to bring this to people who don’t code or low coders or citizen developers, need to have the power of our artificial intelligence, they need the power of mobility; that’s why Salesforce platform is exciting and that our core app -- cloud like sales and service are built on it; that is a huge differentiator for us and it’s -- you can see it just in our win rates and also our competitive position has never been stronger.
Marc Benioff: Well, I mean I think number one, when you look at Microsoft, we sold more CRM software this quarter than Microsoft has sold in last decade. It’s just empirical. And that is what is really awesome about our performance against Microsoft. And I’ll tell you also, when you look at marketing cloud, I really look at that against we have so many undeliverable products, I just -- Keith knows I feel this way, and I’m going to ask Keith to come in. I really feel we’re distribution constraint. We have so much products, we are in so many amazing markets whether it’s sales, service, marketing, communities, analytics, application development like you talk App Cloud, whether it’s commerce, whether it’s IoT, whether it’s productivity with Quip. And the Salesforce is going to have that full portfolio of products and they are going to move back in forth against those. And we’ve seen that. Look at our results over the last five years and you are going to see that constant up and down of those clouds based on that distribution organization performance. But, Keith, you are the absolute leader of the distribution organization and you probably have unique perspective on this.
Marc Benioff: So, why is that Keith, why do we have so much CEO and board level attention compared to like when we sold it, Oracle -- I never made a call to a CEO or board member. I don’t know how many of those you made; you were there probably longer than I was. But just put it in perspective.
Marc Benioff: Right, because we’re a double digit grower and all these other software companies are just single digit growers, and they can’t break out of that.
Marc Benioff: Well, I really appreciate that, Heather. And I’ll tell you that I really think that in my core, I think that I’ll get back to my comment about that balance portfolio in our platform. It’s unique, Heather, about our capability, and you know this is that we have an integrated platform. And the integrated platform is exciting, because not only is the number one Sales Cloud in the world, not only is the number one Service Cloud in the world, not only is it the number one declarative platform, but it has all of these other capabilities, mobility and AI and so forth, analytics and so forth. And so, I think that when I look at the most incredible things that our customers have done, they weave these things together in really smart and creative ways, build these, they build these apps, they deploy these things internally and they look for speed. They’re looking for speed. Of course they want productivity, of course they want intelligence, of course they want mobility, they want that core platform. And that because I think we built it right and of course we’ve also bought some great things that are outside of our core that we’re integrating into our core like our marketing cloud, like our commerce cloud, like Quip. But with Lightning that’s an incredible UI layer that no one has ever seen anything like this componentized application development UI layer, it’s almost like a visual ETL. These customers are now integrating this stuff together at the UI layer and of course at the data layer, but that is what I think is going to really drive us forward. I think it’s going to be our platform. And I think that when you look out, and obviously we have short-term goals around that $20 billion number, I mean you have -- I am sure you have your own model of when you think we’re going to hit it. But I think that for us, we want to make sure that -- I don’t know exactly when we’re going to double the company by, but my dream certainly is to double this -- I would just tell you, my dream is to double this Company within the next three to four years for sure. That’s really important to me. Amy Weaver is here who works directly for me as my General Counsel, and she doesn’t want me to go any far. Amy, do you want to comment on that.
Marc Benioff: So, number one, in that second quarter, we have this with the Brexit and the Great British pound situation and then at the very tail end of the second quarter as we discussed, we saw a little bit of weakness. And to Keith’s credit, and he said this, but I think it’s a very subtle. So, I think it’s worth amplifying. He made a number of changes. We made a number of changes I think that really let us perform well in the third quarter because we did see the market shift a little bit in the second quarter, we told everybody that. And it’s not the first time that we’ve seen that in our careers. Keith and I have been through -- have been to this road even before and the selling motion had to change. I think in companies that you’ve seen report in the last month or so who kind of saw or seen in that kind of market shift, they also will change in the coming quarters their selling motion because the selling motion has had to change in fiscal year 2017. We changed you can see the results incredible even with this foreign exchange headwind. So that’s number one.  Number two, in regards to specifically to our fourth quarter, we don’t talk about this specifically but one of the reasons that we do have confidence around the fourth quarter is a certain percentage of that revenues is kind of contracts we have already signed that is we know we are going to get bookings in the fourth quarter because we have signed these agreements. And so that is coming in. And so that gives us a leg up. And then Keith has an incredible focus through the sales organization, which is as you centrally half of our Company is in sales, customer facing and that customer facing organization, which is I think the best in the world, all wants to have a great fourth quarter. And they are focused and we have made these cool adjustments. So, do you want to jus amplify any of that or augment or highlight any of that because I actually think there is a lot to learn. You and I have been coaching CEOs on how to kind of survive some of the ebb and flow because I think that we both have a lot of confidence that we’re going to see a lot of exciting things happen.
Marc Benioff: And I’ll tell you the other thing is and in regards to the election, I think is really important. Look, some of us many not have had the outcome that we want, some of us have the outcome we did want. In my view, it’s in the past. We’re moving forward and we have, at Salesforce, an open heart, we have an open mind and we also expect the best. That’s what we’re positive. And we talk about that in everything we do. We’ve talked about how we cultivated beginners mind. You’ve heard us talk about, well, it’s not just in regards to running our business but even when there is an election, things have change -- yes, everything is changing but we have a beginners mind and we have a sense of optimism for the future and we’re going to cultivate that optimism and we ‘re going to manifest it into our business because that is how we operate here. We are positive people. And we are moving forward. And I have talked to now a number of customers this week, and I have met with CEOs of some of largest companies in the world this week. And in each and every case, all of them are moving forward, okay? And that is -- we all have our -- we know what we have to do and we know how to execute. So, I hope as I said the 2008 is behind us, okay? I’ve said this before. I have been optimistic about 2017 on growth. I have been counter to a lot of the global economists and I am going still continue to feel positive about growth in the coming years because I really hope that 2008 tail that we’re finally through it. And now that this election is also behind us and I hope absolutely for the best now for everything going forward, this is what I want in. Mark and Keith are here with us in the room here and you guys weigh in here on this.
Marc Benioff: Our customers, for our partners, for shareholders and for our community and all the organizations that we support, we want that, we want the best for everybody.
Marc Benioff: We are excited and we are going to tell you some more details about our strategy and our plans for the future, because we’re right here in New Jersey at CNBC headquarters and we’re about to walk into the studio with Jim Cramer. So, if you turn on CNBC, you’re going to see us coming and talk to Jim.
