Amy Weaver: Hi, Kash. Thanks for the question. So when I look at the balance between growth and profitability, I want to be clear that growth remains our #1 priority. Investing into growth, especially in this demand environment, is simply the best thing we can do for the company. That said, I am a big believer that a focus on discipline makes for a stronger and more durable company. So over the long-term, I believe we need to be able to deliver both.
Amy Weaver: So it's terrific. And, Keith, thanks for the question. As you know, very, very pleased to raise from 17.7% up to 18%, so a 30-basis-point improvement for the year. This is not a push out. What it really is it's a combination of a few things. First, it's the great quarter that Gavin just described, and having such terrific revenue, this really gives us some additional room to operate this year. It's also a focus on what we've learned about how we're working. We learned a lot over the past year. Gavin pointed out, having a virtual PKO and kick-off led to different efficiencies and also led to savings. And then finally, it is a renewed focus on efficiencies and discipline around the company.
Amy Weaver: So thanks for the question. I think the lowest-hanging fruit is -- clearly are different in how we are working right now. It's this all-digital work from anywhere. Probably the easiest part on that is the difference in T&E. That clearly has gone way down. We are assuming, for purposes of guidance, some modest return of travel in the second half of this year. But it will be nowhere near where we were pre-pandemic. We've simply learned how to work effectively and how to serve our customers effectively without being on a plane every day.
Gavin Patterson: Well, thanks, Marc. As you say, it's been an absolutely stellar quarter, incredible quarter. And three words come to mind for me: relevance, investment, and execution. Relevance is, I think, really, really clear. What we offer at the moment is what organizations around the world, be those companies or governments, it's what they're looking for to manage their business, and we see that in the new business pipeline. It's extraordinarily strong. Yes, we have a favorable compare, but if you look at the two-year performance, it's really, really strong. And that's the key number to look at. We're not persuaded by just the year on year. It needs to be the two-year performance with an easy compare. So I think taking advantage of the economy, the strength of investment going into the economy in many places around the world. We're perfectly placed to take advantage of that. I think the second thing is about investment. So in the mid part of last year, when we were restructuring the business, we also put new investment back into the business, particularly with capacity, and we're seeing the benefit of that now as we come into the year really strong, ready to take advantage of the strong economies we're seeing around the world. So being able to invest when others won't, I think, is a significant factor. And then the final thing is around execution. We had a really strong, I think, quarter because of the execution and the grip that we've got on the sales and service organization. We had a digital launch this year, and that meant we got all the quotas deployed very, very quickly. We've got more selling days into the quarter. We've got a flatter organization now, so there's really clear accountability throughout the business. And we've seen that turn into great results, great results both in terms of the run-rate business but also particularly strong results in the big deals. And Marc talked about some of those numbers. So the business is really humming. The pipeline is super strong. It's across all clouds. It's across all geographies. There's a real strong focus on industries as well. The business is really, really pumping.
Gavin Patterson: Well, I think this is one of the silver clouds that's come out of the pandemic, is that we couldn't meet face to face. So we have to do everything digitally, but that meant we got out of the blocks really, really fast. It meant that we're able to compress the launch of the year into about a week. It gave us more seven days, made sure that everybody was clear what they had to achieve. Their goals were deployed earlier in the year, and that meant we're able to focus on our customers. And that's the most important thing we do. And when the demand is there, which is the case at the moment, there is undoubtedly demand for our products. The key is making sure that your turf, your customers, and you're there helping them solve their problems. It's been about execution.
Gavin Patterson: Look, the recovery from the pandemic is not at the same stage in every market. I think that's fair to say. But our business is strong. The new business has been strong across the board. There might be one point or two difference region by region, but there are no, what I would call, weaknesses across our global organization. So we do see strength across the board, and we see a strong pipeline importantly across the board. So I wouldn't read into anything. I'll point difference here or there. I'm very confident that this growth in the US but also outside the US and around the world.
Gavin Patterson: Yeah, absolutely. The Sonos story is a perfect case study in many ways. And I think it demonstrates the ability for us to help customers transform quickly. I mean, this was a pivot that Sonos needed to make right at the height of the pandemic, and we were able to help them transform their business and manage through the pandemic and come out a stronger business, closer to their customers and be extremely well placed to continue to grow in the next few quarters.
Gavin Patterson: Well, anyways, I think you've made the point very well there, Marc. I mean, it was probably the most difficult point in the last 12 months, where everybody else was making cuts, we reshaped the business and created more capacity knowing that the demand would come back, and it takes a few months for new capacity to come online and become productive. But what that decision allowed us to do was enter the year with a really strong market coverage up significantly year on year. And I think it's helped us get off to a really strong start and take advantage of the demand that is undoubtedly there for the Customer 360.
