Marc Benioff: Sure, I'm happy to take that, and then I’d love to pass that on to Bret also. So, number one, I would say that, for me, Dreamforce is an amazing process. It's not the event that is the most impactful for me, I'm sure that is for everybody else, it's the conference that's extremely impactful. For me, it's the process coming up to it. Before Dreamforce, I had the opportunity to get on the road with my team. And we take the keynote out, and we meet with hundreds of customers. And in my case, I personally have the opportunity to have one-on-one conversations; and in this case I had conversations with almost 100 customers directly about Salesforce, their experience, what they're using in technology, where they're going with their business over and over again. This is the most important thing I do every single year is this deep work. And I have many of my key executives with me. What I was most focused on this year is of course, being able to present these incredible strategic changes that we've made to our business, especially MuleSoft, especially Tableau, but also to be able to communicate what our core strategy is in terms of Customer 360. And what I took away with it was that customers today view us at Salesforce as their trusted digital advisors and also look to us to help them have a clear vision of connecting with their customers. That's what Customer 360 is all about. It's really bifurcated. They're looking for a trusted advisor relationship in many times, as Keith mentioned, at the CEO level, but it's also at other parts of the organization, where there's been so much change in the industry they're looking for companies that they can rely on and bet on. On the second side, it was really Customer 360 that just was so amazing to me, that customers are really implementing Customer 360, but every customer can start at a different place. Sales, service, marketing, you probably noticed that one of the things that we focused on is the new Salesforce 360 Truth profile. This is the Holy Grail for me in computing the single source of truth. When customers saw this, the comments were, I'll paraphrase what a large financial service company in New York said to me. This is for us the single most important thing in our company, we need a single source of truth of our customer information that all of these apps can come together in a powerful way and deliver that single source of Truth. That is what customers were just amazed by.  And I have to take my hat off to my engineering team, because I didn't think it was really possible to see it all come together. Some of these products are organic, some of them are inorganic, but now that they are integrated and have a clear architecture and that they have the ability for the customer to have extreme value, that was incredible.  And then I have to add to that, and I think Keith touched on this. I definitely agree Tableau far exceeded my expectations from a customer reception, so many of our customers have Tableau, I could not believe it. And in many cases, because Tableau has been a much smaller company than we are, for example, they don't have a direct relationship with Tableau.  They don't have an executive relationship. The number of Chief Executive Officers, CIOs, who have directly come to me and my management team and ask us to go wall to wall with Tableau has far exceeded any expectation that we could have had. That combination of those three things; one, our trusted relationship with the customer; two, Customer 360 resolving in the Truth profile; and three, Tableau as a huge catalyst for growth. That to me is what I tried to then get on stage and present in the keynote. But I can tell you, that after talking to these hundreds of customers, now, both before Dreamforce and after this is a highly differentiated position in the industry.  No one else is working on this. Nobody has this vision. No one else is trying to help these customers solve this problem. We are in a very unique position with a highly stratified position of customers globally and by industry. So that's really my takeaway. I hope I answered it for you. I mean, it's been a very powerful several weeks for me, and it's also been an extremely emotional moment because I'm sure you know, the day before the keynote, I was at my -- one of my very closest friends Memorial. And then I came into that keynote, and I just felt all of those customers there and I went, Wow, this is just incredible what was happening. And I really tried to open myself up to really express what I had heard over those preceding few weeks that we are just in an unprecedented moment and in Salesforce’s ability to execute for our customers' needs. And Bret, do you want to fill in the details? I'd love for you to talk about how you practice. 
Marc Benioff: Well, Bret, I haven't seen you work harder than you have in the last month. So I want to thank you for everything that you're doing.
Marc Benioff: All right, this is a great question and I'm going to address part of it, but I'm also going to have Bret who is right here address part of it and also Amy Weaver also speak to it, who's our President and our Chief Legal Officer, because she's so involved with so many customer conversations exactly like this. So, you're right, companies have more customer information than ever before. It's a critical part of their trusted relationship with their customers. Every company is building a one-on-one relationship with their consumer, it has moved from being anonymous to known. This is critical for them to then build a journey that then allows them to take those customers to understand their products or to buy those products or get their service from those products upgrade those products.  That could even include renewing the customer, retaining the customer or even getting the customer back. All of this is going to be driven much more effectively, much more efficiently and in a much more dynamic way by using a Customer 360 platform like Salesforce. This is why we built Customer 360 Truth because at that moment, those customers have to be able to rely on a single source of Truth to be able to maximize their relationship with their customers, where regardless of where the customer touch point is. This is a phenomenon that has occurred over the last, I would say, five years and Salesforce is really the company that companies are coming to and saying help us to provide that unique Customer 360. So Bret, give us your take on exactly where are we in terms of the move from third party to first party data? How customers are implementing this platform, I didn't address the Tableau part of her question. I think that's important. And then I think we'll have Amy address the components around we've seen here in California, the California Privacy Act, GDPR as well, because these are all related to the importance of having authenticated and basically, data that your customer is authorized to use. Go ahead Bret.
Marc Benioff: Yes. And to add to Amy that's also why I've called for a U.S. national privacy law we do not want a patchwork of like what we've seen in California. This personally involved, I think it's extremely important. What has happened in California. I have worked with the team to get that done, as did Amy, but we don't want to patchwork across the United States. We badly need a national privacy law. That's why it's great that we have GDPR, it gives us the ability to help our customers comply. So anyway, thank you, Amy for your leadership. I really appreciate it.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that there's a couple different ways that you have to look at it. Number one is that for all customers, we really believe that digital transformation is the last thing they would stop investing in. I mean, I look at all your own companies look at our company, digital transformation is number one on everybody's list and everybody wants a trusted digital advisor at the beginning and end of every digital transformation is the customer. So that's why we're especially well positioned and why you're seeing the strong results. On the macro side, I said this also at the Analyst Day, which is, we look strong with the macro environment. And you see what [indiscernible] said at the OECD that global growth is dropping from 4% to 3% this year. That's a 25% reduction year-over-year, of course, that's going to impact different geographic environments differently.  And for us our job is to manage a full portfolio of countries across the world. We are in the major technology buying centers whether it is in the United States or in Asia or Japan, we have also implemented a new structure in Europe. We had our own Brexit, if you will, you know that we have hired Jayne-Anne Gadhia to be the Chief Executive Officer of Salesforce, UK and Ireland. I believe that's a very critical change for us. And we're continuing to invest aggressively in Europe and in the UK and Ireland through their own transition and transformation, so that we can align with our customers because they all need to invest to be able to take advantage of what's happening in the European environment.  Let me turn it over to Mark he is going to have more detail. 
Marc Benioff: Well, thank you, Keith. I just wanted to thank you so much for that. And I completely agree. And I think that you could see it really from the lines at Dreamforce around the Tableau Booze and on analytics calls and other parts of Dreamforce. I know it surprised many of us and many of you to see the huge activity was not a surprise to me. Because of what was happening in the focus groups before Dreamforce. While we wrap up the call now, I just want to thank all of you for coming to Dreamforce. Today is Giving Tuesday we're coming into the holiday season. I want to especially thank all of our Ohana. Thank all of you for your support. Thank you for everything that you do for us every single day. I also especially want to thank our .org at this time of the year, who has run over 45,000 non-profit and higher education customers for free. We've now done over 4.5 million hours of volunteerism into our local communities and given away more than $310 million in direct grants. So thank you to all of you. Thank you to our Ohana and we'll look forward to seeing you on the 19th in the New York City World Tour in New York. Thank you very much.
Bret Taylor: Yeah. As Marc said, it's really transitioning from being about clouds to being around this Customer 360, the single source of truth. And it's really about not just selling a product to our customers, but really helping them digitally transform their business around their customers. And the single source of truth means that’s easier than ever for our customers to go from being a sales customer to be in sales and service or being a service customer to be in service and commerce and marketing. And you're seeing this I think particularly in the Cyber Monday statistics, which we're really proud of. I also want to highlight though really our main differentiator, which is Einstein our AI capabilities are coming through stronger than ever. I heard that from every single customer that Marc and I talked to and Keith and I talked to on that road show before Dreamforce. There was 24 billion messages we sent over Cyber Week, there was 32 million orders. They're all being personalized.  As Marc mentioned, over 10% of those orders are being driven by Einstein recommendation. We're doing over 10 billion predictions per day to personalize every single one of those email engagements that are personal to the person receiving them. And in the innovation that we highlighted in the keynote, really Einstein came through really strongly across this Customer 360 I think in a really differentiated way. With our Sales Cloud, we introduced Einstein Call Coaching to help telesales teams through the power of Einstein automatically coach every sales representative to become like the best sales representative. In marketing, we introduced interactive email. I think bringing one of the most tried to digital marketing mechanisms, really into the next century with some amazing new capabilities. Even in our industry's portfolio that consumer goods cloud that Keith talked about really proud of that. Einstein Vision is a key part of it enable every consumer goods company in the retail execution to use Einstein Vision to make sure their products are placed in the right place on the shelves with all the retail partners. So I really want to highlight I think we have transitioned Einstein from being this vision to every customer adopting it really being a key differentiated part of this Customer 360 vision.
Bret Taylor: I think the biggest prize for me was just how much of this Customer 360 single source of truth resonated. In fact, that phrase single source of truth came from our customers. They were describing their challenges and their digital transformation, as breaking down the silos of their company. Their silos come in the form of technology, their data is siloed across a number of different systems. They're also organizational silos.  So different departments that previously operated with autonomy now need to come together to produce this single, seamless customer experience. It's why I think our strategy is really focused on that singular vision. We want to bring all that data together technically, with the power of MuleSoft, we want to enable people to see and understand that data with Tableau and we want to enable people to personalize every aspect of their customers experience with the Customer 360 we really feel like all these components are coming together to really match that appetite from our customers.
Bret Taylor: Yes, it's a wonderful question. I really agree with the trend that you mentioned. And I would say, Salesforce started as being a system of record for sales. But not every single aspect of CRM has been served equally to help handle this first party customer data. And with the Customer 360 we really feel like we can bring it to every aspect of this Customer 360, from sales to service to commerce to marketing.  As an example with Customer 360 audiences, which we announced at Dreamforce we're bringing a single source of truth to marketers as well. Those customer data platform that so many marketers are clamoring for, we really recognize that every one of our constituents in every department of every company needs a single source of truth, to do their jobs. And we really feel like the power is unlocked when that known customer data is accessible across all those different departments. So you create a seamless experience instead of a fragmented experience. And we feel like what I'm hearing from our customers is that's really what differentiates Salesforce. We're not just doing this for one department we're doing this for an entire company. So you can have a single view of all of your known customer data. And I think one of the interesting things is, by bringing this together, it's enabling our customers to navigate all this amazingly complex regulatory landscape that Amy will speak to you about. But the first step to complying with CCPA, with GDPR is really having a map of where your customer data live. And we feel privileged to partner with our customers to help them navigate this landscape and we feel like one of the best ways to comply with the changing landscape of consumer privacy legislation is to be on the Salesforce Customer 360. And we really think that's one of the value propositions of our platform. And I'll pass it over to Amy to speak more about it.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, for sure. Thank you, Brent. And basically what happened is when we have an early renewal from a customer, that's a really good event, as you can imagine, but they were ahead of plan and you can see that when they happen, because our cRPO in Q3 was even higher and so it has an effect. It's kind of a timing effect between Q3 and Q4 for cRPO but we really like what happened.  It's a good customer sign when people come in there and they do early renewals and so that had a bearing on that and, but we're glad to see it, it shows up in our cash flow and it shows up in cRPO in one quarter and a little bit of time in between the two quarters. But, yes, that's how it works out there Brent. And thank you for the question.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, sure. Let me just address a couple things here Karl for sure, glad to do it. I think the first thing I would say is the early renewals impacted the growth rate by let's say approximately a point or so, and that type of measurement in terms of quantification, number one. Number two, I want to call out that this is the first time we've actually ever guided cRPO for Q4, it's kind of a new event for us. And we're doing it for the first time by adding in Tableau and so our business compositions also evolving. And so when we looked at that, and we looked at the fact that when you look at what actually happened in Q3 and the guide in Q4, it works out it just you can see kind of the timing issue if at all we feel like it's a good and reasonable guidance. It's appropriately conservative given that this is the biggest quarter for both new business and renewals. We look forward to putting up the result and talking about the actuals in Q4, but we think that's appropriate.
Mark Hawkins: No, thank you, Marc. And I agree with your comment that the digital transformation is mission one, and people are asking more and more from us Marc in terms of how we can help them obviously, as described by you and Bret. But the thing that I would say is, I was really pleased to put up the 42% growth rate in aggregate. But even if you're backing out…
Mark Hawkins: That number, it was a really big number, Marc. So I clicked in it, and I wanted to share with people even if you back out all the Tableau effect, it's up 31%. So that's the number that really hit me that, we're hitting strong across the different geos in the world, as you said, in Asia Pac and Americas and in Europe, with or without Tableau, and then also the cloud, our growth, what I really like is to see the sales cloud grew 15% is material for me, it catches my eye that when our foundational cloud is growing at that level, I was glad to see that.
Mark Hawkins: No, I get a chance as you know to spend a lot of time with customers in addition to investors. And I think the thing that I like, is just the constant focus on digital transformation they ask for us to do more is probably the biggest thing that surprised me is that people when they see progress, they want more progress. And Bret, I think your point on single source of truth. And when you spoke in a couple of times people pick up on that. And so I think we do more is the thing that really caught my attention. In terms of the quarter what I liked was the balance across clouds and across geos the most.
