Bret Taylor: Yes. Hi. This is Bret Taylor. It’s a really great question. I think one of the best opportunities we have from MuleSoft and our Integration Cloud is aligning it with our vertical solutions. If you look at what we’re doing with financial services and healthcare, it’s really about transforming the customer experience in the industry. And we can’t do it unless we unlock the data in this legacy system, whether it’s an electronic medical records or whether it’s the incredible amount of investments that the financial industry has made in their back office system. So, when we think about the opportunity from MuleSoft, it’s really about aligning with our overall value proposition, transforming customer experiences and upleveling the conversation of integration from an IT tactical decision to strategic decision about how to transform your customer experience. And that’s the opportunity that we see over and over again. We’re talking about integrating with our customers. It’s not just the problem for the CIO, it’s a problem for the CEO, and that’s the opportunity of integrating this value proposition.
Bret Taylor: There are so many trends happening simultaneously that is driving this investment and integration. We have customers who want to transform the customer experience. And they’re also lifting and shifting their infrastructure from their own on-premise data centers to the cloud. And every customer I talk to at scale public cloud, private cloud, on-prem, sometimes even mainframe systems. And they can’t wait for all that technology change to shift before transforming their customer experience. And that’s the promise of MuleSoft is we can actually transform it now. And that’s why the conversations that Keith mentioned are happening right now is all these trends are driving integration, sort of upleveling the discussion or negotiation to a strategic level.
Bret Taylor: It's not a shock. For me when I look at our product portfolio and I don't view it in the separate products for separate clouds. I really view it as stages of customer lifecycle, customer touch points. And we're really saw an integrate it transformed customer experience. It just like automation and AI are in every conversation, because every company wants a more predictive smarter personalized experience with our customers. Every customer want that integrated experience that pulls together all the different departments, all the different legacy systems, provide an integrated view of the customer. We want every single person that addresses the customer to be able to have a single view of the personal topics view. And that's fundamentally what NeoSoft and our integration routes provide, it's relevant in every single customer conversation.
Bret Taylor: Yes, I mean if you think about the fourth investor revolution really is about the pace of technology change, increasing more rapidly than we've ever seen. And I think when I talked to CIs and CIOs the, main thing they're focused on the agility, how can we move our business more faster and keep pace with the changing expectations of our consumers and is constant concept of the API economy and breaking your company up into services and API so you can empower your business units to actually move faster than ever before is on everyone's mind. And we also have really amplified that strategy and really helps CEOs increase to fox speed of their digital transformation. And there is incredible opportunity, because the way they approach it's perfectly aligned with this concept of agility to become self-strategic in the fourth industrial revolution.
Keith Block: Just to emphasize this point. This morning I received an email from the CEO of one of the largest banks in EMEA who wants to bring their entire executive team over to talk about the integration with MuleSoft could do to unlock their data. So, it’s a perfect proof point of exactly what Bret is talking about. There is huge opportunity in the space. 
Keith Block: We’re thrilled with the integration. As you know, it’s just our first quarter. And we’ve done many, many acquisitions here. I would say that this is probably the smoothest integration that we have. The integration with the field, the product teams, the marketing organizations across the board, all the lines of businesses has really, really been fantastic. And you can’t have a conversation right now with the customer, I was talking about MuleSoft. Everybody wants to talk about the importance of integration as it relates to digital transformation. So, we’re very, very optimistic. 
Keith Block: So I would just characterize it this way, nearly universal euphoria. And if you think about the conversation that we're having at the CEO level, these are all about digital transformation. And the whole concept of integration just complete the thought and the promise of digital transformation again, by unlocking the data from these legacy systems. So MuleSoft already has a very, very capable and high-performing sales organization, which we continue to invest in. And we've been able to have very, very tight alignment enablement with the core Salesforce with the sales organization and that's just created lot traction. But again, if you think about the conversation and the dialogue that we're having with our customers, this is just one of a missing piece of the puzzle and we listen to our customers that's why we made this acquisition, because we knew exactly how important this is going to be to completing that digital transformation. So the integration is going very, very well the traction is there, the alignment is there, the synergies are there, the enablement is there. And the customers want this message, they want the store, they want the solution.
Keith Block: Well, we had a lot of great acquisition, as you know. I think that this one is very, very exciting and as it goes back to the comments that both of you, both you and Bret had made. If you think historically about what is going on in the world with the legacy debt, the processes that have built up over decades, the technology processes, the business processes. And then companies now more than ever because we are in the fourth industrial revolution and we have these amazing technologies, they has to be agile, they has to be Nimble. They have to reinvent themselves and driving business models. And if they can't get access to the data, if they can't leverage the strength of the data that is -- it's like an ocean of data then they will miss out on the opportunity. And you can think about offensive strategy if you're a CEO or a defensive strategy, but you must do something and that's what we're seeing in these conversations. So that's why I get excited about MuleSoft as I talk with customers and I know our employees as well, because this is really an opportunity to unlock that. So it's good as all these other acquisitions have been and they've been fantastic. I'm very, very excited about this and we're off to a great start. And you're going to see an incredible new reveal at Dreamforce, we're not going to stop these but Bret has done some amazing work, too.
Keith Block: I think the success of our Sales Cloud and our Service Cloud our marketing plan is pretty amazing. The Sales Cloud growth is now $1 billion plus run rate, which is unprecedented marketplace. We've obviously seen great success with Service Cloud and Marketing Cloud. But all of this really speaks to our culture of innovation, whether it's our organic innovation or our cloud innovation. And I'm very, very close to the partner community and in the ecosystem. I mean, it's one of our free growth levers to have the largest ecosystem in the cloud. And we'd love the fact that our partners are investing in these elements of innovation. I mean, our partner certifications year-over-year are up 50%. I think that speaks volumes about their confidence in our solutions, whether it's in CPQ, whether it's in Commerce Cloud. All of these are solutions and this is a hand in glove conversation, these are solutions that are oriented around our industry focus, on their -- organized around our line of business focus. We are long gone from the days of focusing on single clouds. We are out there driving solutions, driving digital transformation and multi-cloud solutions and that's why you see the great result that we've seen in the quarter, which you saw in Q1 like you saw at the end of last fiscal year and why we're still talking about the second half of the year.
Keith Block: Einstein is -- it's an incredible product and we're just at the beginning here. It's an incredible piece of innovation. We put a lot of time and effort into this. We've got some amazing talented associated with it, and thought leadership and Bret's team is just done unbelievable job. And it is part of every dialogue because customers, no matter what industry, no matter what geography, what no matter what size of company, you are inside. And what I love about Einstein, I mean there's many things to love. But what I particularly love about Einstein it is applied with intelligence, lot of people talk about artificial intelligence in the without really having a scope or definition, of any boundary. And ours is real, it's tangible, it's pragmatic, it's practical. So it is something that’s applied to fantastic use cases whether it's in sales, services, marketing commerce it makes our conversations even more relevant. And our customers get even more value out of our existing product. So we drive more value, there is an opportunity to grow deal sizes, to extend relationships, to deepen relationships, and there is a long way to go. But boy, the results are, from a mind share perspective and early days on the money side and revenue side, we feel very, very good about where we're going here.
Keith Block: Public sector is one of our strongest verticals. It continues to be one of our strongest verticals. Whether it's the United States government and UK government or any government in the world, they're charged to provide a higher level of service to their citizens. And that comes to the modernization of their legacy systems and using new technology like ours so that they can engage with citizens in an unprecedented way and that’s the truly fueling our growth. That business is very, very healthy and we support those organizations and their missions, and the results speak for themselves.
Keith Block: So I’ll just answer this and Marc if you want to chime in, please do. But our core platform business is very strong and when you think about the capability around growth, you think about capability around the core platform, you think about shield, you think about analytics these are all growth drivers and difference makers to our customers, it just extend the platform. And we've had a great deal of focus and energy on this topic and we've executed incredibly well. So I think you're just going to continue to see that happen.
Marc Benioff: Well, thanks so much for that question. I mean, it’s been quite a few years now that we made a strategic decision here that artificial intelligence had to be a core part of the Salesforce platform. Of course, we’re seeing so many exciting technologies emerge that we knew -- that had to become a part of our platform on our journey over the last 20 years. But, I think AI was probably the most daunting because there is many different aspects of artificial intelligence. And through a lot of core native development, through acquiring companies, refining incredible talents, we’ve been able to build a phenomenal platform with Salesforce Einstein. I don’t think that there is a more successful business implementation of artificial intelligence than Einstein. Not just core in our platform, but also now in all of our core clouds as well. I mean, you can see how Sales Cloud Einstein or Service Cloud Einstein or even the Marketing Cloud helps transform the customer experience. But probably the most powerful is our Commerce Cloud. When we actually turn Einstein on in the Commerce Cloud and customers have the option to do that, but when they did turn it on, they see double-digit revenue growth above what they were already experiencing on the Commerce Could is amazing. And it really goes to show how the ability to take this really powerful next generation technology can have dramatic business outcomes. And we’re deeply committed to artificial intelligence. And as I said, we’re also deeply committed to the ethical and humane use of that technology that we all realize that AI is developing a lot faster going a lot farther than any of us realized. And Salesforce, as I believe probably is the premier provider of artificial intelligence, certainly in business applications and enterprise applications, we still feel a deep responsibility to help with the guidance of that capability. Now, I’ll turn it over to Mark.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that number I mean, I would say it was last week in the conference and I met with more than a hundred of top European CEOs and probably each. And every conversation that I have with them, I see a deep yearning for them to have a more complete relationship with their customer. But it's a deeper aspect of that, they want a one-on-one relationship with their customer, especially consumer companies you can see that you look -- if you go to some of the major consumer sites that and companies that we work with like Louis Vuitton or Adidas or L'Oreal or Puma or New Balance, you can see that you're starting now one-on-one relationship with the company that they're able to really provide a one-to-one experience with you and that's not just in commerce, when it's in marketing, in conservative, in sales and to bring in from the previous questions, it's intelligence is that is we're using AI to make that a more personalized experience to give you that opportunity. And that's what every company wants to get to, whether they're a B2B company or a B2C Company. It's one of the reasons I'm so excited, for example, in the CloudCraze acquisition and a company like Adidas, they have significant percentage of course with their commerce is B2C. We all know that we go on their site and we buy or use these. But did you know that an even larger percentage of their electronic commerce is B2B that is of course they need to be able to go and sell to all the other companies that sell Adidas and we all know who those companies are. And that opportunity to offer a B2B and B2C experience, that's one-on-one that is really driving this phenomenal growth, especially you can see in the marketing side. Of course email is a key driver there and no one sends more business emails than in a highly personalized intelligent way than we do. You'll also see that it drove our acquisitions this quarter is Datorama. If you haven't seen Datorama, it is an amazing company. It's a company that through artificial intelligence it's automatically able to integrate all these different marketing automation applications. Of course, Salesforces is probably the number one marketing cloud in the world but there are other marketing clouds as well and there is other marketing technologies. Datarama is able to automatically reach out to those and then provide to the marketer automated dashboards and integrated KPIs to give them basically an incredible opportunity to drive their market, that is going to be future growth of our marketing plan. I am so excited and we're able to acquire this company and that we're able to rapidly start to integrate it into our system. Finally, you mentioned open sourcing, key part of our AI. We're working closely with the entire AI community. And as part of that, we believe that we're all working on artificial intelligence together. And we're certainly -- we've benefited from the open source community and we're going to contribute as well back to the open source community, that's part of our philosophy at Salesforce.
Marc Benioff: So let me take a first one, thank you, Mark. In terms of RPO, you're absolutely right. In aggregate, there was $200 million that MuleSoft to our total deal, if you will. Wanted to share with you is the breakdown of that. We have about $100 million of that with the in the current RPO and obviously the $100 million will the non-current. So that's a little bit additional granularity that I can provide to you.
Marc Benioff: I’d just -- I totally echo that. I think things are -- it's really been exciting to be able to see that growth of addition and all the other things you had called out Shield, these are things that we're really getting even our ecosystem and what that contributing as well has been positive. And I’ll just add that at Dreamforce, you're going to see some amazing extensions to the core platform. We're not going to go just throw them right now, but I am sure you will be as well as way I am. You saw yesterday we also announced our lead band tour Dreamforce, which is Metallica but we have a lot of other amazing entertainment plan and speakers. Some of that we're going to be dribbling out as we've had between now and September 25th. And a lot of it you're going to see reveals for the first time during the Dreamforce keynote. I promise all of you that this will be the Dreamforce that you will all never forget. And I look forward to seeing all of you there. And with that…
