Marc Benioff: We haven't seen a softening environment. We saw a strong quarter. Each month was very strong. We had a strong finish to the quarter. It would have been a blowout quarter except for that fourth 8-digit transaction that I mentioned, came in the week after the quarter which is setup. This quarter was a strong start. And our -- I was out in the market very aggressively during the quarter, and as I mentioned, in Japan, in DC, Boston, Minneapolis, and I just want to tell you that when I show up in Minneapolis, I expect a crowd of 200 to 300 people, not 1,000. And in each of these environments, I'm seeing 2x to 3x what I would normally expect in terms of physical turnout. And when we look at kind of already the registrations that are done for Dreamforce, and the ones that are easiest for us to spot are the paid registrations, our numbers are up, I think, 30% to 40% year-over-year. So we don't see a soft rate environment, we see for our business, a very strong and accelerating environment, and that's why we're raising guidance. If the environment would change, we would, of course, we would let you know. And we think we're really well positioned for the future. We certainly are -- we certainly saw also in the quarter with a number of very large transactions that were happening just a robust acceleration of our existing customers of going deeper with us. And I think that, that's going to be very, very powerful. I also want to say, attrition was really low during the quarter, which was amazing, we saw attrition drop. And so attrition is really, really down from where we saw it peak out in 2009. And that's, of course, a help in the quarter as well.
Marc Benioff: In regards to hiring, you saw us -- we've onboarded a huge number of employees already this year, and we plan to onboard a huge number of employees in the next 2 quarters as well. Our hiring plans are very aggressive this year. We are onboarding another 30% increase in distribution capacity this year. You'll remember that last year, we onboarded approximately 40% distribution capacity increase. And I think that you're seeing that payout when you see 38% year-over-year growth and 37% growth in deferred, we spied a lot of that coming from this distribution capacity that we added last year, that's still coming online. So our gut reaction is adding more distribution capacity because the more distribution capacity we add, the more sales and more market share we get. And we're still very small in our distribution organization in terms of size compared to a Microsoft, Oracle or SAP, which are really our targets, and so we want to grow aggressively. And I think that if there's anything you're going to see us do, we are going to invest, we are going to grow and we are going to hire, because we want to take advantage of this opportunity. And if you look back at things different times of turbulence in the last 10 years that I've been CEO of Salesforce, the biggest mistake I ever made in any one particular time was when I did not hire aggressively. Hiring has always paid out for this company. And the market is so enormous and so exciting on a global basis. And right now, the products in such a mature and exciting point in being able to handle very large companies or very small companies, we want to be able to satisfy that demand through our distribution organization. And I believe we're still a distribution constrained organization. So we're hiring, and if you heard of a hiring freeze, that may be one of our competitors but that's not at Salesforce.com.
Marc Benioff: And by the way, recently onboarded a former financial analyst, very successful. We are hiring, we're taking all resumes, so e-mail me your resumes. Sales obviously is primary, but Graham is hiring too. So keep us in mind.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that usually, we'll buy a company. We've bought a lot of companies and what's exciting about a new company coming on board is the new people. It's always exciting and as a new customers, that's always very exciting. And as a new brand, that's very exciting. But really, Radian6 is the first company that we've bought where we really feel like it's transforming the company. And that's really what Radian6 has done. I mean, when we bought Radian6, we talked about, "Well, it's the beginning of the marketing cloud, which it certainly is, and it's about social listening which is certainly is." But what Radian6 did was it opened our eyes to the opportunities in the social enterprise. And if you go to YouTube and you type Gatorade social media monitoring or you type Dell social media command center or others, you're going to find these social media command centers that Radian6 is building all over the world to help companies monitor and manage what's going on in the social enterprise. And that really woke us up to what are all the other things that we should be doing in regards to social monitor and social enterprise. And we were already in employee, in social, what we call kind of employee social networks. That was our -- that was Chatter, right? And then we're like, "Well, we're thinking about moving into customer social networks." And you're going to see some exciting technology at Dreamforce around new types of customer social networks, and we're excited about that, new products coming. And then we saw the product social networks with the Toyota examples, and other examples. But it is where the Radian6 that we have been inspired to do all of this. And when we're out there demoing this -- their technology, it really shows how all of this can work together, and we have not yet even done the total deep technical integration because we haven't had the property that long. So we're growing them, we're expanding their sales organization, we're hiring in Halifax if you're interested, Jason, we got some great opportunities up there in Fredericton, Nova Scotia, it's beautiful this time of year. And this is just huge. And how do we play that out? Well, you're going to find out at Dreamforce.
Marc Benioff: Well, we're looking at new ways to be more deeply monetize Force.com. I think that the way we charge for Force.com is, it's on a per user basis, and then you can get all the apps you can eat. And I think that we would really like to move more to a per app model on Force.com. I think that, that was certainly a great way to get going with the product, but wow, we have seen companies, so many companies build so many apps on Force.com that I think we're ready to start talking about per app pricing, not just per user pricing. And that's an evolution. I think another major evolution is enterprise license agreements. We've seen salesforce deliver enterprise license agreements, but it just has not been a big focus for us as we've moved to the social enterprise, our customers are saying, "What about social enterprise license agreements?" And when we look at these SELAs, we're like, "Wow, how do we deliver to this customer a full social enterprise license?" I was in plenty of customers this quarter where they're like, "Well, I don't know about this per user pricing over here, and I don't know about the Force.com pricing over there. And what about Radian6 over here? And what about the Jigsaw pricing over there, and blah, blah, blah?" And we're like, "We've got to take this off the table and give these customers the ability to step way out with SELAs." And I think that's another huge opportunity that we just have not played out yet. So though you're touching in and you're stepping in, I think, one of the really great areas for us to optimize which is pricing, which we just have not touched in a long time and we can offer customers much better deals.
Marc Benioff: Well, you want to build the next generation application in your enterprise, what are you going to do? Buy more Oracle, are you going to blow it up on one of these big Oracle Exadata machines, that's just not realistic for a lot of our customers. And what are you going to buy? More SQL server? Are you buying more BA? Are you buying NetWeaver? These are last generation technologies. Lotus Notes, SharePoint, I mean, these are more -- this is more server, more servers and more software and not more solutions. And I think customers have seen with Force.com, they can basically build at 5x faster at 1/2 the cost. That's proven over and over again by every major independent analyst firm that's out there. And they can do it whether they want to do it clicks or code and now we're extended it with Heroku, giving them another tremendous option in terms of opening the platform of Ruby on Rails, and you're going to see the platform open up much further with exciting new languages, that we have been foreshadowing at Dreamforce. And we're high on Platform-as-a-Service. And at the heart of these social enterprise agreements, we talk about you've got to build your employee social network, which is getting your collaboration employees with Chatter and your sales people in place with our Sales Cloud and the service organization. And then we get right into, "Okay, let's build some custom applications and automate and extend what you're doing and Force.com plays right into that." Then we start to talk about like what Tom mentioned on the call here like with Disneyland, let's build some sites for public consumption. Like we've done at facebook.com/disneyland, and then let's move into the partner social networks and the product social networks and the listening through Radian6, it's a big indicator to customers that they need to move the Force.com and to Heroku to maximize their investments of salesforce and thousands and thousands have, and it's really because those old software companies have not stepped up with new tools and new solutions. They have -- they look a little bit long on the tooth. There, it's a little bit too much if your grandfather's enterprise software, and it's not enough about cloud, mobile and social. And that's I think, the opportunity for salesforce and when you get to Dreamforce, you're going to see that play out even further.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think different products have different levels of value to the customer based on, honestly, where previous competitors have priced those products. And that's really why we've always talked about Chatter as an entry point to us, and in many cases, a Trojan horse for us, and in many ways, it's really establishing our position wall-to-wall for the first time inside of a customer. And the Chatter price points have been, I would say, very exciting but not as exciting as a very rich price point of traditional CRM systems or data management systems, or even application development and deployment systems. And that's been 100% our expectation all along. There is no sexier demo and no more exciting place to enter a company than with Chatter. If you've been watching every Monday in the Wall Street Journal, we have a different customer being featured, and we've had CEO after CEO after CEO in those ads, and there's a line of them still coming. We did not have a product that CEOs were using before. And when you see those CEOs using that product on their iPads, that is the kind of positioning we want that we want to be able to go into the C-suite with a strong clear message of, "How do increase your productivity, get your company going faster and get greater alignment and collaboration?" That's what Chatter is all about. But in terms of building a social enterprise, well, it's much more than just Chatter, it's about the Sales Cloud, The Service Cloud and Force.com, Heroku, Radian6 and all the other technology that we have. And when you put all of that together, that is exactly, as you said, the opportunity for the social enterprise license agreement, and those, with those large customers that are all over the country that we've been building up over time, more and more, we hear, we want a one price for the next 3 years, and the true-up opportunity, so that we can really double down on your technology. And we're really working on understanding how to do that, and I think by Dreamforce, we'll have the first introduction of that capability.
Marc Benioff: Well, I would say number one is when we look out at what are the opportunities and what is the "exposure" for us, we have a very balanced portfolio across the world of small and medium companies and enterprises. We're probably very unique as a software company, number one, in that we have such a huge stratification of enterprises that we work with in size from the very smallest to the very large. So if it's all about SMB, maybe it's shifts up to the enterprise. If it's all about the enterprise, maybe it shifts down to the SMB. And then, we are again, diversified our portfolio across the 8 main countries that we do business in. And then, we have a number of industries that we have strengthened but no one industry and no one market and no one geography, except for maybe the United States, really is, are we that dependent on, I would say. And public sector is not something that we have really ever been able to turn in -- we've never focused on it honestly. It's probably a mistake that I've made. I probably should be focusing more in the last 13 years on public sector. I just haven't really gotten around to it because we've had so many other exciting opportunities. Some of our competitors have been able to move into the public sector because we haven't. And that hasn't been a big focus. They've come more to us. You saw that transaction with the GSA this quarter. We see more opportunity in the federal government obviously in the future. We've had great success in Japan. And obviously, Japan has not been the best environment in the last couple of quarters because of the disaster. It's happened there but we continue to have a robust business there. So I have really focused on building this company to be having a very diverse portfolio of business and I think that is why, when you look at the last recession in 2008 and 2009, and I don't think we are going into another recession, by the way. I'm not an economist, but that's my off-hand comment. I think that we can see that this company came out of it roaring, and the reason why is, because we maintain our customers and we mitigate their risk, and they want to double down with us because they don't want to buy more software and hardware. There's nothing riskier in the technology industry than loading up with another Exadata mainframe or another huge piece of enterprise software where you're not going to see a return for 2 to 3 years. The way to get value and the way to get innovation in your company, and the way to get your company rightsized and growing, is get them on the cloud and get them on the public cloud, not this kind of false cloud called which is the virtualization train. So I say, here's another great opportunity. Every time I see these somewhat volatile markets, where companies are working to mitigate their risks, I'm like, "Here we go. Let's just ramp up sales because this is the opportunity to take advantage of customers' desire to innovate in an ever-changing environment, but to do it without burdening themselves, without all that traditional horrible technology."
Marc Benioff: Right. Well, I think that where we are is certainly in the first inning. And when you look at it, we've been talking a lot for the last couple of years now about something called Cloud 2, which is, we kind of moved from the first generation of cloud, which is where we started, which was people still have their notebooks and their laptops, which they have less and less every day of. And they have this more stable browser environment, they had HTML and we were able to deliver them enterprise-class services right into the browser, customized exactly for them. That was really Cloud 1. Cloud 2 was when we saw this huge shift from -- into social networks, with Facebook, with Twitter, Google+, with the mobile environment, with the iPhone and the iPad and the Android accelerations. And then the continued amplification of the cloud itself being more robust, more scalable, more secure than ever before. And then customers would say, "Well, what is Cloud 3?" And when we saw Cloud 3, we're like, "We're not sure when we're going to have Cloud 3. What is Cloud 3?" And then all of a sudden, something amazing happened to me personally last December, which was the CEO of Toyota came over to my house and he said, "What am I supposed to do with my company?" And I kind of was, "Well, I'm not exactly sure." I looked down and I grabbed my hat and I pulled a rabbit out of it, and I said, "You need a friend and your friend should be your car in the way of a Toyota Corolla and a Toyota Tacoma. You should have -- And you have a Prius, you should have a Toyota friend." And the Toyota Friend should be a car on the social network that is talking to you, and then as we start to build it out for him, I started to lay out all the things that he should do for Toyota, build the Toyota Friend, put in Chatter and build an employee social network, get your sales force aligned, build in -- custom build his customer service, get his dealers onboard, get it rebuilt with these kind of legacy factory applications, and build this integrated environment. And then at the end of it, I'm like, "Wow, what is this?" And after we looked at it and we're obviously positioned it to him and he's become a huge fan of this and others, we're like, "Well, are we building a customer cloud? Is that what it is?" And we're like "Well, that's not exactly it." And then we're like, "This is really the social enterprise. This is the next step in business." And as we've defined that and been able to articulate it, it's very large crowds, customers are really absorbed it and looked at it as the way where they can really understand and accept our product strategy, and how they can action it. And that actionable aspect of it is very powerful for the company, and now, we've done is we've taken our management team and we've pushed them back out to our top 1,000 customers and said, "Go out and define. Here's the Toyota example." And there's other examples I won't tell you which ones they are. We've talked about some of them previously in the last call, Groupon was another one came out of this exercise. And now for our top 1,000 customers, we're defining for them at the sea level, what the social enterprise is. Every executive, Graham has one, I have, every executive has multiple customers, and we're all out there positioning what is the social enterprise, and we have really found a way to help companies go to the next level. They've worked a lot on their back offices. Their ledgers, their payables, their receivables, they've got their Oracle, their SAP, all these horrible stuff in there, but on their front office, they just have not really evolved it in a long time, and it's not just about SFA or call center, it's about rethinking their customer experience. And that is the company we want to be. We want to be a company that defines what you do with your customers, and the way you're going to interact with your customers and be more successful than ever before, is by becoming a social enterprise. And that's what Salesforce.com has articulated and that's what you will see further articulated at Dreamforce. And it's a solution sell, it's not a product sell, it's an advisory role and customers are really loving it and looking at us as in a whole new way, and that's why I think you're going to see the deals get bigger. Alright operator, we can take a couple of more questions, and we'll wrap things up.
Marc Benioff: And that's example where I'm like, "Are we supposed to be really focused on the spot comp number as part of the GAAP guidance? Is that the key to growing this company?" I don't think that's the right place for us to focus.
Marc Benioff: It's a -- that's a combination and it's new customers and existing customers. And we actually have given these numbers before in terms of 8-digit deals and 7-digit deals that we've done. But I thought it was appropriate to kind of roll that out in this quarter, because it is a focus of our company strategically. And because we're able to deliver these 3 solid 8-digit transactions this quarter and the fourth transaction that rolled into the first day of this current quarter. So I would like to continue to focus on big deals, that's the SELA focus, that's getting our own sales force to think more about us being more strategic, being less of a product sell, being more of a solution sell, being more about the social enterprise. And we're rolling that out, testing it and we'll see at Dreamforce what the customer reaction is. Before we end, I also want to encourage you to see me tonight on Cramer with Mad Money, where I'll make further commentary on that.
Graham Smith: Alright. And Heather, on the churn front, I don't think we're doing anything differently other than just staying really focused on it. We continue to refine our customer success model. We really brought in some very strong management talent under Maria Martinez, who as you know, joined us over a year ago from Microsoft. We've got our early warning system statistics that we -- enables us to pick up on trends earlier than maybe a few years back. As you know, when we give guidance, we generally assume attrition is flat. I don't really know exactly where it's going to go potentially. The best case maybe is low teens but clearly, the macro environment does affect that.
Graham Smith: First of all, I want to reiterate, clearly, if we've seen anything in any of these trends, we would have commented on it. So you're right, in the last downturn, we did see it first in small business. That moved up quicker and actually, churn came down quicker in small business. So that's just one of the things that we'll just continue to watch and be mindful of as we head into Q3. I think all the things that Maria...
Graham Smith: So I think all the other things that I talked about earlier, that Maria's team has done will help us, but it's difficult to know clearly, if we're heading, even heading into that kind of environment. Sorry, I don't really want to try and speculate on what we might or might not see.
Graham Smith: Sure. Just a few bit of details on that Mark. So estimate on stock comp charges was up a little, I think it was up about $3 million for the full year. Amortization of intangibles again was up a little bit, a couple of million. And then actually, the biggest factor in the move on the GAAP guide was last quarter, we estimated the blended effective tax rate was 38% on those reconciled items. This quarter, we think the blended rate is about 35%. So if you take all of those, it basically moves that GAAP guided range.
