Marc Benioff: Okay. Thanks so much Evan and we're thrilled to be on the call with you today and this has been such a challenging time. Our hearts have been broken we've heard so many stories of pain and distress across the world and for us this is really this moment is actually quite humbling, quite bittersweet. It reminds us that at Salesforce this is a great platform for change that we're really here to be a great example of stakeholder capitalism to really show how we're able to deliver a phenomenal return for our shareholders as well as for our stakeholders. And in many ways this quarter really is a victory for stakeholder capitalism. It has been not only about our core values, but also about our core products. It is about showing how our Customer 360 has been a platform for change for so many of our customers and I'm going to talk about that briefly before I turn it over to Mark, but also our company has been a platform for change for the communities that have needed us most. And I am thrilled to deliver such a great return to our shareholders and also to our stakeholders. And certainly when we look at this quarter with more than $5.15 billion revenue and our highest operating margin ever that was 20% or when we look at simple aspects of our operational excellence like the 63% increase in seven figure deals from a year ago, well really indicates to us one thing which is that values really bring value. It reminds me of a story that we really started last quarter with AT&T. Now AT&T is an amazing company, a leader in the communications industry and they have a tremendous visionary with Jeff McElfresh who is the CEO of AT&T Wireless. And I'll tell you the thing that's interesting about AT&T is they have a huge vision and that vision is that every single customer touch point, whether it is at their stores, whether it is their e-commerce, their app, whether it is getting a message from them, well and each and single customer touch point, they want to know you as a customer. They want to single source the truth. And that's a deal that we signed obviously in February and I was thrilled that this quarter we've deployed now hundreds of stores and the first 35,000 users. But I'll tell you, at this moment in time there has never been a time when we've had to go faster. We've had to deliver customer success faster and we've had to be there for our customers. And I'm absolutely thrilled to deliver that success rate you can see. I also look at another incredible win in the quarter with PayPal. This is a tremendous organization that's really it is the right time at the right place because we really need contact with payments we all know that. So to see them have such great success of our Sales Cloud and our Service Cloud, see the SPO, they embrace us so deeply and our vision, we're having a one on one relationship. The journey is so powerful. Another incredible victory in the quarter has really been work.com. This is a product that I don’t think there is a product that we've ever built faster, but never been more successful more rapidly. And you look at so many success stories, public sector organizations and enterprises that today in the middle of this pandemic everyone needs contact tracing, they need shift scheduling. Everybody needs workforce command center, try to bring everyone back safely. Well, work.com is delivery nice. Just look at the results that the University of Kentucky for example, it is a difficult situation for University to bring all these students back and work through and partner with them with work.com. I looked at so many other customers and so many other success stories during the quarter whether it was TWC or VF Corp or great public sector wins like the Veterans Administration or the State of Rhode Island. We look internationally at tremendous victories like Banco Bradesco, just had a great conversation with their CEO Octavio de Lazari, tremendous vision for the future of financial services and how customers are the most important thing today to go faster for their bank. And ultimately, I guess the most proud I was during the entire quarter was when we delivered an additional $20 million through our San Francisco and Oakland public schools bringing our total contributions to $118 million through our local public schools, but one thing is so important right now is their need to be able to enter into distant learning. So it is that idea that we've been able to do well and do great at the same time, that this has really been a victory for stakeholder capitalism to show that we can build a great company, but we not only have great core values, but we have great core products. So I just want to give my sincere thanks and gratitude to everyone who had such a great success during the quarter, our customers, our employees, our partners, all of our key stakeholders. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Mark.
Marc Benioff: Well, thank you, Gavin, and welcome by the way to the team officially. I know you’ve been with us for about a year, but now you’re officially in the role of running as our Chief Revenue Officer and we couldn’t be more thrilled and we’re absolutely delighted to have you as part of the team. Amy, we also saw a lot of action in public sector, I mentioned a few of them, but there were so many more stories. Could you highlight a little bit about what we saw in public sector during the quarter? You’re on mute, Amy.
Marc Benioff: Well, thanks. I mean, certainly we're seeing a very interesting environment in the markets, in M&A and IPO. I think that for a company like Salesforce, we don't really see an M&A environment. It's -- these are not, it's we're not in a moment. I honestly feel like we're very lucky that we were able to pick up MuleSoft and Tableau when we did, because they were both public companies today, you can do the math. We would not have been able to buy them. There's no way, no how it wouldn't have worked for us financially. So we're not in a good M&A environment. I just don't see it. Maybe things could change, of course, things always are changing. But I think, this isn't part of our plan right now. We don't see that. We really see focusing on our business, focusing on these operational values, executing our business. Look, we always maintain a beginner's mind you know that. But the reality is, right now it is about our own execution. We've made these two major plays to extend and complement our Customer 360 and that's what we're focused on.
Bret Taylor: Yes Marc. I mean, essentially you talked a lot about transformation and research in our company, we're just seeing that across our entire customer base. And you're seeing how our technologies are being acquired, just some incredible numbers. I think one is best exam, in the past six months the use of messaging channels like text and WhatsApp and Apple Chat has gone up 600%. We saw an 89% year-over-year growth in our Commerce Cloud. Probably a great example, a great customer story, I think that really illustrates this is Sonos. This is -- and the customers of Sonos use it to play music at my house. Like so many developers of products, they had to go direct-to-consumer. They deployed our Marketing Cloud and our Commerce Cloud and they saw an almost 300% year-over-year increase in direct-to-consumer revenue as a consequence. And I think that it’s been an incredible trying time for all of our employees, all of our communities and all of our customers. But as you implied, there’s also just incredible sustainable in terrain [ph] shifts in consumer behavior, like the digital commerce and this move to go direct-to-consumer. And so it’s a great privilege to be able to help our customers navigate this crisis. And as you said, one of the key values we’re trying to represent as a company is that agility. I listen deeply to our customers like Governor Raimondo, like Sonos and making sure that we’re empowering all of them with the Customer 360 so they themselves can navigate this crisis successfully.
Bret Taylor: Yes, Marc, I think you characterize it well. I mean, fundamentally, our customers are coming to us to build a Customer 360, that's single source of truth for their customers, so that in the face of unprecedented change for their customers, they can transform their business. They can go digital, they can integrate sales and service, it's really that single source of truth. And it's the anchor tenant of the Customer 360. And I think that's where the momentum is coming from. And, when you look at some of the deals Mark talks about, like PayPal, it is really the anchor tenant of the value proposition of that Customer 360. Another great example that Gavin mentioned in our last earnings call is Standard Bank. It's again, a complete solution for the largest bank in Africa. And, one of the things that I think is really powerful about that story is probably the most impactful calls I've done with Gavin in this past quarter was, we were talking to their executive team and the executive team all the way down is actually becoming Rangers on trailhead. They're using the Service Cloud and the Customer 360 as an opportunity to not just transform their technology, but transform their culture to become customer centric and really become a platform. They're rolling out trailers, all 50,000 employees with the goal of achieving 20,000 Rangers. And I really do think that this really illustrates the power of these stories around digital transformation, the power of customer service really being the centerpiece of that Customer 360 transformation.
Bret Taylor: Yes, Marc we saw over 100% year-over-year GMV growth this past quarter, and I think it really reflects the broad digitization of commerce. And, I think when I looked at our Commerce Cloud and our differentiated value proposition, it's two things. One is we do both B2C Commerce and B2B Commerce. And I think that when I talk to customers, it's really about all of their channels. Now, it's a direct consumer channels, it's their warehousing, it's their partnerships. And we're really the one platform that can do that. The second thing is the integration of our Commerce Cloud, the rest of Customer 360. I think everyone on the call has experienced buy online curbside pickup, right? We've probably all experienced that, many of us for the first time. When you think about the technology that facilitates that, that's the integration of our Commerce Cloud, our order management solution, Service Cloud and really that end-to-end customer experience. So you're right that GMV is a good indicator of growth in the Commerce Cloud. But I also want to be clear that our Commerce Cloud is really a part of a broad solution that we're providing to customers to really digitize their commerce experience, all the way from making that order on through the end of that customer experience, whether you're picking it up on the curb or it's being delivered to your doorstep, and those transformations have never been more important in this all digital work from anywhere world.
Bret Taylor: Yes, sure. So, one thing that I think Marc talked a lot about is, we're really focused on having a beginner's mind with our business. So as Marc mentioned, this is all of our first pandemic and the way we're doing business is completely transformed. All of our sales engagements happen via zoom rather than being in person. And, when I talked to a lot of customers about their own digital transformation I was always trying to guide them. Don't translate your analog behaviors into digital media. That's not a digital transformation. That's a digital translation. And when we think of things like Dreamforce, as Marc said, I more than anyone else, I'm totally bummed out. We're not going to be in San Francisco in October, November, because it's one of my favorite times of the year. But we really feel like we've demonstrated over this past quarter our ability to re-imagine the way we engage with our customers in completely new ways. I think Parker made a common last earnings call that stuck with me where he said, on one hand, we're all staring at the screens, and it feels so impersonal. On the other hand, I'm staring into all of my colleagues and customers living rooms, and it's oddly more personal at the same time. So broadly, what I'd say is, our ambitions to transform our customers with the success of our technologies, our customer success teams, our distribution teams, has not changed. And in fact, I think there's a broader imperative for digital transformation than there ever has been. The way we're going to change, engage with our customers has completely transformed, and I think as a company we really think we've developed over the past quarter, that mindset of constantly transforming and reshaping ourselves to be able to meet our customers where they need to be met. And I think we have the ability to continue executing on that with the humility that predicting the future right now is really hard. We're in the midst of an unprecedented environment. But I think we've developed a lot of confidence internally at our ability to transform ourselves.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, thank you Taylor, for the question. I appreciate that. We were very pleased to be making the raise of 75 basis points and then that's the everything especially in the fact that we're you know, further investing to really perpetuate this long term success for our customer and serving all our stakeholder. So, I think, we're not prepared to quantify the specifics of that. But I think you've got it right. We're investing in growth areas, think about products, think about go-to-market in particular, in terms of the further acceleration and investment. I think is a good way to frame that. Of course, we're getting some teeny benefit as well, but again, our profit level is a choice and that's an amazing thing about our business model. We're making a choice in terms of where we want to strategically invest. We've shown in Q2, how we can deliver, what we deliver, which is a record operating margin, but we're also trying to balance, growth and profit over the long play. So that's our approach. I think you nailed it in terms of some of the things and we're really pleased to be able to raise and make the investments. I hope that helps Taylor.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, Marc. I'm happy to do so. And I also share the excitement about Tableau. It's just such a great company that to serve our customers. One of the things that was nice this quarter is Tableau in overperformed. With their offering and their particular term license offering, they had a number of really nice deals where the various customers who wanted to go even beyond one year, we call it multi year. And when that happens, so that, it further helps us in the sense of the revenue recognition. And but all-in-all, it's all driven by people liking the product, wanting to invest not in just a year, but in a couple of years in it. And the more years out Marc, the more we see that benefit in the top line. But what also is exciting for us is how it integrates into the digital transformation. So it's been very positive. It was a very nice performance for sure. Congrats to the Tableau team who's listening in today.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, definitely Marc. In fact, again, MuleSoft also was a contributor to our overperformance. Again, people love the product Marc. I like the dialogue you mentioned with VF Corporation, where they're buying multiple products, including MuleSoft to, get that, that 360 progress, if you will, of the customer. And for MuleSoft, again, nice overperformance, so all of our MuleSoft, team members congrats to you as well. And your contribution to this result in Q2, and when they're again selling, more term licenses this, this again, has a favorable effect on us and, and most importantly, helps us solve problems that customers really need help with. And Marc, if I might just add, whether it's MuleSoft or Tableau, or even our core products. One of the things that, we certainly hear more and more is this whole notion. And Gavin talked about digital impairment imperative, it is very clear that our products are becoming more and more mission critical. MuleSoft market is adding to that. MuleSoft is adding to that 360 solution and we're becoming more mission critical. And one of the effects Marc that that had and this quarter is our attrition rate was better than we had expected. And that's in part because we're becoming more mission critical with MuleSoft with the integration of these 360 products, and just the sheer over performance of MuleSoft and Tableau contributing to our results.
Mark Hawkins: Let me take your second part of that question Marc, on the growth and investment and could be margins be the new normal? Thank you for the question. So, we always are mindful of, we want obviously, growth number one, we want to continue to expand our operating margins and deliver cash flow. We know how critical those three are financially speaking. And we're always trying to balance that. We're always making choices with the opportunities in front of us, and we are always reassessing that at the executive suite. So we are pleased to be raising. We're always trying to be better. We're always trying to keep an eye on that in going forward, but we think we have the right balance for this year, given the opportunity, given the total addressable market that we're, so well positioned for to serve our customer and the rest of our stakeholders. So we think it's the right balance today. I take your point, and we're always assessing and we're always trying to be better.
