Marc Benioff: And I think that when you couple those core aspects of our model, including that the majority of revenue is deferred, and you look at this incredible off-balance basically, the RPO, and then you look at what’s happening in the market today, we see three incredible levels of focus with our customers which, number one, is the movement to the cloud. I don’t think there’s been a more exciting macrotrend in both business and technology where so many companies realized that they can get much great acuity and speed in their business by moving to cloud-based systems. Number two Digital transformation, I don’t think there’s a company that I’ve met with of size and scale that isn’t going through a dramatic digital transformation. And each one of those transformations begins and ends with the customer, just as I said. And it doesn’t matter if they’re a B2B company or a B2C company they are all becoming B2B to C companies. And it’s requiring them to fundamentally transform their entire approach to what I would say is the third major trend, the customer. Those three things together, the cloud, digital transformation, and the customer become three dramatic trends that are moving all of our customers forward and have really taken the CRM market and made it the most important market in enterprise software. Last week, I was on the road all week in the United States. And I had the opportunity on Thursday and Friday to meet with hundreds of the largest companies in the world and their CEOs and I continue to see incredible optimism for the year and for the economy. Those CEOs are all talking about growth in investment. And they don’t have what I would call economic anxiety, certainly not in the United States. When I was in the World Economic Forum in Europe, while I also saw a lot of confidence, European CEOs definitely have more anxiety. Yet, they are also continuing to invest aggressively. The reason why they’re investing so dramatically in these areas is this is critical for their future growth. IT is not an optional area of investment for them. It’s how they’re going to achieve their future results. And I’ll tell you and I’ll end with this. It’s not just about digital transformation. It’s really about digital automation. And that level of digital automation is not just AI. It’s not just RPA. It’s just a broad rethinking of their entire company structures and rebalancing their workforces based on a new level of automation that’s available to chief executives to reevaluate how they run their businesses fundamentally. And that is something that we have really adjusted our company for. That’s why you’ve seen us make major investments in Einstein. And that has really paid out so well for our customers and has kept them really competitive, right at the very top of all digital transformations. The level of AI now in place with our customers is dramatic. And it’s given them the ability to create new levels of efficiency in their organization as well as they’ve seen dramatic increases in their revenues because of it. And I think as all of these trends continue to play out over the next 48 months, you’re going to see us have this dramatic increase in our revenue that we’re forecasting today. And by the way, of course, that’s a midterm forecast in terms of the growth of our business. In the very short-term, I’m excited that not only are we going to do more than $16 billion this year, but you can see we’re rapidly approaching the $20 billion revenue mark for Salesforce. That is absolutely amazing.
Marc Benioff: Well, hi, Keith. So, look. I’ve long said that especially in this fourth industrial revolution, as our customers think about digital transformations, really, the way that they differentiate themselves and take share is providing the world-class experience to their customers. And that starts with service. So, this is really the heartbeat of a lot of digital transformation. And that’s why you’re seeing such great results with our service cloud. And that’s why we continue to take share in service cloud. The other area that obviously is dragging that is that when we in a positive way, when we go to market, we go to market by industry solution. And so, customers don’t really think about buying point solutions or point products. We’re talking about a solution for their enterprise that will drive a different set of experiences for their customers. And when you think about Financial Services Cloud and Health Cloud and also some of the partnerships we have with other companies like Velocity, those also drag and put at the front and center of any of these transformation service clouds. So, we’ve got a very, very good strategy around our industry solutions. And Service Cloud is really the heartbeat of digital transformation.
Marc Benioff: The customer that comes to mind when you’re talking about that and I think I’m just cueing off of Keith’s comment is, you saw that Dreamforce that when you see a CEO show up at Dreamforce like Brunello Cucinelli was there, the reason why he’s able to partner so close to Salesforce is and why we become their digital transformation partner is, we’re not there for just one silo of their business, sales or service or marketing or commerce. We’re there to really help him bring his entire company together. And it’s really the comprehensiveness of the solution that then really yields that result for them. And I think that’s what has really given us so much satisfaction especially this year when we see a company like that or like when Keith talks about Jes Staley’s ability to partner at the CEO level and for them to know that we’re going to be able to bring all of these assets to bear and they’re not going to have to just go to individual silo organizations within the customer segment that we’re able to bring that entire CRM solution to them.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that as you look at where we’re going –we’re certainly excited to initiate our 4-year guidance. And as we kind of head to $26 billion to $28 billion as we kind of work toward this year guidance of $16 billion and our very short-term guidance of $20 billion, which are just enormous numbers for any technology company. In all of these cases, I think it’s going to really get back to one very important thing and that is something that our company has been very fortunate to build which is a relationship with all of our stakeholders. When we look at all of our employees here at Salesforce and our customers, when we look at our partners, when we look at our trailblazers, our MVPs or like we say at Salesforce when we bring all of these together, it’s really our ohana. And we’re still grateful to be able to have all these relationships with them that we together have been able to build these trusted relationships, that we have been able to focus on customer success, that we’ve been able to deliver this incredible innovation and be recognized for it so broadly, and also at the same time to build a culture here at Salesforce that has been able to stand for so many incredible things especially quality.
Marc Benioff: But I just want to end the call by saying this, that as we approach Salesforce’s 20th birthday on Friday March 8th, that it’s really our fifth core value gratitude that comes to mind, because we are very deeply grateful for everything that has been given to us every single day over the last 20 years. And we want to thank you, thank you for everything that you have done for us. We want to thank all of our ohana, who are listening to us on the call and all those who have done so much over 2 decades, because this business is very much a team sport and we couldn’t be more grateful for all of you. So, thank you very much. And we’ll look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Keith Block: I would just add one more comment to that. Marc is absolutely spot-on with respect to the digital transformation. I think if you take a look at the way companies have budgeted their IT spend with a balance of innovation versus maintenance just a few short years ago, for example, in the financial services industry, you would see that 90% of the IT spend was focused on maintenance. And now what you see in financial services is a drive toward more of a 50-50 spend between maintenance and innovation. So, this level of digital transformation is an imperative. And I’ll go back to my opening comments as well. When we have one of our leading partners, one of the best firms in the world talking about how 85% of their top customers are just beginning to think about and strategize and embark on digital transformation that just gives us a lot of runway and confidence.
Keith Block: So, again, we are in a very enviable position. And there’s been a lot of work on this over time to really change the game in terms of our strategic relationships. And that’s why we do have these trusted advisor type of relationships with CEOs. And it’s very interesting because they’re CEOs from basically every industry and every geography. And they want to talk to us about transformation. We spoke earlier about the Barclays deal. And you’ve heard me talk about this on earlier calls, how CEOs like Jes Staley have brought their entire executive team out to speak with us. I was on the phone with a CEO in Australia last week who is going to bring his entire executive team all the way from Sydney to talk to us about digital transformation. So, we put ourselves in this enviable position because we’re driving transformation. We’re driving value. And they trust us. Obviously, trust is our number one value as well as far as our company goes. So, there’s a lot of work that goes into this. It’s a lot of building muscle and capability and process and methodology. But at the end of the day, a lot of this is our customers trust us. And we have great products and solutions and incredible innovation. Again, it’s one of our core values. And that’s why you’re seeing these great relationships that we enjoy with other CEOs.
Keith Block: So, thank you for the question. Look, I think this is early days. We’ve talked about the Fourth Industrial Revolution for a couple of years. And I still think we’re trying to get our arms around that as an industry and as a society, I mean, there’s a lot of implications across the board. Marc talked about rescaling the workforce and rebalancing workforces. There’s a lot that goes into this, a lot of things that, again, we’re just trying to understand in the beginning. But as far as these transformations go, when you have one of the largest consulting firms in the world say that 85% of their largest customers are just beginning this, and that’s anywhere from having the dialog to planning these transformations. There is a lot of room for us to run, and we are in a unique position. There is no other company like us that has these sort of trusted relationships and earns the trust of these senior executives on a daily basis. And again, I go back to our culture. I go back to the caliber and quality of our solutions. I go back to the levels of talent that we have in the company. And all of these things have come together to put us in this market-leading position and we have really a very bright future.
Keith Block: Yes. Our strategy as you know has been as we’ve moved into the enterprise to make sure that we’ve had a strong international push and so we’ve made those investments, that’s why 42% of the employees that we hired were outside the Americas in the fourth quarter. That’s because we’re seizing upon the opportunity and working very closely with our customers. I think rather than look at it geographically, I think really to your point, really your second question, you have to look at it on an industry-by-industry basis because some industries are just further ahead, it’s just the way it is. So, for example, a lot of financial services companies historically have thought of themselves as technology firms, so, they’re further ahead. And that is an industry that is ripe for digital transformation and we see it on our results. Another industry that is ripe for digital transformation is the public sector, the governments around the world. And that obviously is a huge opportunity for us to work with the government and to provide higher levels of service through digital transformation. So, I think about financial services, I think about public sector, I think about healthcare. These are all industries that are going through a lot of transformation, retail, but at the end of the day, no industry is immune from digital transformation. If you’re a CEO and if you’re not thinking about your digital transformation strategy, you’re going to miss the market, and that’s playing out all over the world in every geography because it really to me is industry-based.
Bret Taylor: Yes. It’s a great question. First and foremost, our strategy with Einstein is to improve the value that our customers are getting from our products. And I’m going to give you a very concrete example of this. One of the major retailers I just spent time with a couple weeks ago, over 60% of their customer service cadences are now completely automated thanks to Einstein. They’re doing that with actually improved customer satisfaction scores. So, it means that they can actually use their agents in more productive and for more complex. So, when we talk about Einstein, their satisfaction is through the roof because they’ve been able to take their human capital and spend it in more valuable ways for their customers. Similarly, as I think you’re aware, with products like the Einstein capabilities built into our Commerce Cloud, the value we get and the value our customers get are very aligned because our Einstein capabilities are choosing how to rank product listings and suggest products in a way that improves and increases the gross merchandising value from the retailers which improves the revenue that we get from those customers and improves the quality of our customers’ business by enabling them to sell more. So, across our clouds, we’re trying to align our Einstein capabilities with our customer value and make sure that our pricing is aligned with our customer value because fundamentally, as our relationship with our customer evolves from that of a vendor to that of a strategic partner, we want to make sure our monetization is aligned with our customer’s value. And that’s the strategy that we’re taking. It will vary across our B2B and B2C products. We just want to make sure our packaging and pricing of our intelligence is aligned with the value that our customers get from the products.
Bret Taylor: Yes. I mean, it’s perfect timing to be here in Sydney. I actually just got off of a Product Roadmap Tour, where I visited 8 cities and 200 customers and shared our roadmap and talked to them about how they’re applying our technologies. And it’s exactly what you said, which is we have some customers who are just starting on this digital transformation journey who are really looking to us as a strategic consultant. One great example here in Sydney is a mattress company that was a traditional B2B seller. And because of a number of direct-to-consumer digital-first company, they’re looking to us to help them become a B2C company. And what’s really unique about that I think really represents the opportunity that you spoke about is, we’ve had a multi-year almost decade-long relationship with this company with our traditional B2B products like Sales Cloud. And now they come to us and say, build on that trust that they have built with us and say, help us transform not just our technology, but transform our business model. And that’s the kind of relationship that I think Keith is talking about where we have this privilege of having earned the trust over many years with these companies. And they’re coming to us with problems that I know kind of geek in the room can look like a technology problem, but to the CEO, it’s a business problem. And I think that gives us the types of relationships that we’re talking about. And as I think Marc said very eloquently in the introduction, the fact that we’re both B2B and B2C and that we are on the forefront of these business model transformations that are happening in every industry give us a very unique vantage point. So, that’s the keynote tomorrow that’s what we’ll be talking about and the customers that we’re highlighting I think are a very interesting combination of B2B and B2C, and as Marc said, B2B2C. And I think that every one of these companies wants to understand their customer and get that intelligent Customer 360, and we’re in a very unique position to be able to provide that uniquely in the marketplace.
Bret Taylor: Yes. I think Marketing Cloud has really been driven by these trends that keep us talking about this Fourth Industrial Revolution. One of the very unique value propositions of our Marketing Cloud is that, it completely uniquely in the marketplace can do personalization at scale. Now what that means is, every single engagement that you have in our Marketing Cloud whether it’s a push notification or an email or a page that you see in our Commerce Cloud, it is personalized to you and your preferences. And to do that at scale essentially demands the technology that we’ve invested in as a platform like Einstein, so that we can not only know how to reach you, but what message to send and understand all of your previous interactions in this intelligent Customer 360 to provide that personalized experience. And you mentioned MarTech and AdTech, I think it’s a good question. We really view it as a continuum. We want to enable you to discover these products from our customers, we want to engage you, we want to drive you towards a transaction, and then we want to enable our customers to create loyal customers, and we really think of it as a cycle. And as Marc said, thanks to I think our very strategic acquisition strategy here, we have the most complete solution to drive that entire continuum, everything from discovery to loyalty. And that’s why that cloud is growing so quickly because our customers don’t just want the point technology solution, they want to enable themselves to compete with these digital-first retail customers that are really driving the consumer experience in this area, and our cloud is uniquely capable of doing so.
Bret Taylor: Yes, that’s a great question. I think historically, people have thought of things like Commerce and Marketing as separate, but with the intelligent Customer 360, we think of them in a very integrated way, and I’ll give you a very practical example of this. With the intelligent Customer 360, once you’ve purchased a product on our Commerce Cloud, your subsequent email journey will be personalized based on your product history, and that’s enabled by this Customer 360. Similarly, if you added something to your shopping cart and you forgot to actually purchase it, you can be put on a journey to remind you to go back and purchase it. All this drives personalized experience for consumers which is a wonderful consumer experience and for our customers it improves their revenue and it improves their relationship with their customers. And really this vision for this intelligent Customer 360, the reason it’s so strategic, you’ve heard Mark Hawkins talk a lot about the strategy of multi-cloud engagements and how strategic they are to our business. For our customers, it means can we provide a truly integrated customer experience, so you don’t see the seams between your different departments, you don’t see the seams between these different technologies, and that’s really what we’re trying to create with the intelligent Customer 360.
