Marc Benioff: Well, thanks so much for that question, Kash. I want to tell you that as the CEO of Salesforce, I have really got three priorities that are extremely important to me. The first is, the continued development of our flagship products, Salesforce.com, our sales service platform. All I am focused on right now is delivering an incredible new version of Salesforce.com at Dreamforce. An incredible new version that is anchored to the cloud, to mobile and social capabilities. Number two, I am extremely focused on the success of ExactTarget. I couldn't be more excited about this acquisition, about Scott Dorsey, about the leadership team in Indianapolis and also the speed at which the acquisition and the integration is going and how it's going to impact our company and provide our customers the ability to connect with their customers in a whole new way. Number three, I am extremely excited about Keith Block. We are able to bring in a fantastic new executive to help lead our global customer facing operations. Keith, as you know, runs all sales and service and vertical solutions, anything that we are going to market with Keith is responsible for. He has done a phenomenal job and he is completely rebuilding his management team. As you have already seen, he has brought in perhaps the most successful sales executive from Oracle of all time, Tony Fernicola, somebody who we have had a relationship with since we started the company, but never had the motivation to join the company before Keith came in. We are so excited that we are able to say that we are taking what was a world class sales and service organization and taking it to a whole new level under the leadership of Keith and he has put in an incredible new management team. So those are the three things that I am really excited about and I will turn over to Graham for the second part of the question.
Marc Benioff: Sure, that's a great question, Brent. I really appreciate it. Number one, we have simplified our product line into really four critical products which is our sales cloud and it's highly differentiated offering that gets the competition especially with our human performance capabilities at work.com, with our integrated data capabilities with data.com and with the integrated campaign and marketing capabilities of Pardot and of course it is uniquely position as being mobile, social and cloud. Number two, we have really redacted that to not just the sales cloud, but also the service cloud, the marketing cloud and the platform and those four core offerings give us the ability to then package those in a variety of additions ranging from products that are uniquely created for small businesses all the way up to the enterprise. And as we tune those packages, we found opportunities to bundle in a lot of these new features and functions that we have built, but perhaps have not been able to sell or fully delivered to our customers either because they didn't know about it or there wasn't something that was available at their time of purchase, so we have a tremendous upgrade opportunity and that's how we look at the performance addition. It's a phenomenal product, it's an incredible new capability for existing customers to take their capabilities to a new level and it's a tremendous level of optimization on our existing pricing structure.
Marc Benioff: Sure, Karl. It was the $16 million that we recognized in Q2 that related to ExactTarget. When we built the deal model it was tough to know exactly which day the transaction would close on, so we clearly planned conservatively and we got transaction closed much earlier than we anticipated and so picked up about $16 million in Q2. So you add that to the 120 and 125 and a little extra and you get to the 140 to 145.
Marc Benioff: Well, thanks for that set of compliments. I really appreciate it. And Salesforce.com has done incredibly well. One of the ways that Salesforce.com has done so well is, that we have a full portfolio of transactions for small, medium and large business. One thing Salesforce.com has never fully optimized for is, enterprise distribution and the ability to reach the largest customers in the world with highly customized solutions for their industries and their verticals. To do that, we have to bring in a team and a leader who is able to speak to the executives the largest and most important companies in the world to show them that it's not just a one-off solution in this industry or with this company, but they can do it for their whole industry and for all the companies of that industry. You saw how Keith executed that strategy extremely well at Oracle over the last 26 years and we look forward to seeing him execute a very similar strategy enhanced for Salesforce and our unique capabilities and we have already seen him make major changes and we are very excited about his strategy. Of course, this is a time of extreme growth for Salesforce we are always doing, which has been so exciting. Here is a quarter, 31% growth quarter, and at the same time, we are bringing in phenomenal new distribution leaders to take the company to a whole new level. And not just at Keith's level or at his direct report level, but in every layer of our distribution team, we have found opportunities for optimization, for change, for growth, for evolution to bring in real enterprise leadership to make this a world class effort, and Keith has all of my support. We have also added him to our Board of Directors and given him the title of Vice Chairman to make it crystal clear to our organization that he is the leader of our distribution organization going forward, and is responsible for all customer facing operations. He is helping us to lead this incredible transformation that's been unbelievably positive so far and we couldn't be more thrilled with having him on board.
Marc Benioff: Well, those are two great organizations. You look at them, these leading marketing agencies, both as the leaders in those field and I have relationships with both of those CEOs. They are phenomenal executives, phenomenal companies. They have a phenomenal presence with these very large customers helping to articulate their strategy. They have grown really dramatically through acquisition. It's a strategy that both companies very much have deployed. I think they are probably at the end of that at this point. I don't know what other companies are going to get combined into those organizations. What our hope is, is that we are going to be able to partner with these marketing agencies to provide them with the technology necessary to enable their customers to connect with their customers in a whole new way. It doesn't take a very big leap to see that these agencies are phenomenal in so many areas. Coupled with our capabilities of delivering world class cloud, social, and mobile solutions, we can really take their customers' capabilities to new level. I view marketing as a huge growth area for Salesforce. By 2017, Gartner says, CMOs will spend more than CIOs on technology. It's one of the reasons we bought ExactTarget and many other companies as we positioned to be the number one player in marketing and you will continue to see us to focus on that effort. As I said, one of my top three priorities is making ExactTarget a major success for Salesforce.com.
Marc Benioff: Well, Rick, I really appreciate that. I will tell you that I think that companies like Oracle and SAP who have not been able to bring their product lines to the cloud, who have not been able to make the movement to social, who have not been able to make the movement to mobile can benefit from alliances with Salesforce.com, with our brand luster, with our innovation and you heard in the quarter a phenomenal call between myself and Larry Ellison, where Oracle has announced that they are going to be using Salesforce.com as their CRM. That was incredible to hear Larry talk about that. Certainly it's my hope and I believe that we will be able to develop and trade a similar alliance with SAP. I believe it's in the interest of their customers and our customers that Salesforce works well with Oracle. It works well with SAP and even works well with Microsoft because our customers have these existing investments that we want to leverage. That SAP relationship is a great relationship with, as I mentioned this quarter, the huge success with Sysco where we were able to take their huge investment in SAP back office and put on a customer facing capability that they badly needed but SAP was not able to deliver for them. I believe there is a lot of SAP customers that are in a similar position, who can use highly customized applications maybe with our force.com platform or even with our primary capabilities of our sales and service cloud and will have the ability to both, those on to these existing SAP infrastructures or even put those on top of these emerging HANA implementations, where we can really bring more value and applications to these data stores.
Marc Benioff: Well, that's just a fabulous question and I will tell you it's something that we already are seeing revenue synergies. It's something that we are already focused on and our core salesforce which is, as multi-thousand person sales organizations, something that ExactTarget did not have, is getting the key aspects of having that relationship where we are giving our core salesforce the ability to have a sale with ExactTarget is like a sales of any other of our other clouds. I believe that's extremely important for us to be able to truly get the value out of ExactTarget, but there is no difference between selling the salesforce ExactTarget marketing cloud, the sales cloud, the service cloud or the platform if you are a core salesforce.com sales professional and to that extent, we are partnering them very closely with the existing ExactTarget sales organization. We are also working very hard to expand the existing ExactTarget sales organization which is something that's been rather boutique and I believe it has the opportunity to be expanded as well and give us the ability to have that tremendous core confidence and we are doing that by combining our existing marketing cloud sales team with the ExactTarget sales team and having one unified marketing cloud sales team. Now that process will take a period of time to come to a complete fruition, where we have a total synergy, but we've made tremendous gains in the short period of time. And, as I said, it's one of the important things that I work on every day and I expect us to make continued gains this quarter and the following quarter and be able to give some very good updates on that as we start our next fiscal year. Certainly, ExactTarget is a critical part of salesforce.com's growth engine. It's something that every salesforce.com customer wants to know about and we have a huge vision for ExactTarget, where we can really show our customers how they are able to connect with customers not just through their sales force, not just through their customer service organization, but through email, but through text. Through social, through all these other customer touch points that are so critical to them and ExactTarget is a critical part of that and a huge part of our message and we will be tightening that message. By the time, we get to Dreamforce, you will see it fully delivered. You will also see the beginning of that message at the Connections Conference in September with ExactTarget in Indianapolis.
Marc Benioff: It's about 20% Jobin, just over 20%, and obviously just compare with that, it's less than 10%. So what I pointed it now.
Marc Benioff: Well, we continue to focus on Buddy Media and also another really exciting offering that we have which I am sure you have seen which is social.com, where you can actually buy Facebook apps directly online and help us to deliver that distribution capacity. It is part of and becoming part of, what I call, our complete Salesforce.com ExactTarget marketing cloud. The Salesforce.com ExactTarget Marketing Cloud has to include not just all the capabilities of ExactTarget, which so many folks have become known for their tremendous capabilities with the email, their tremendous capabilities with mobile, their tremendous capabilities in social but also with our ready and fixed asset, with our Buddy Media asset and also with our social.com asset. What you will see emerge is a comprehensive application that allows our customers to manage all aspects of those customer touchpoints. That is going to continue to expand our work with Facebook and you didn't mention it but Twitter is extremely important to us and other social graphs that are providing advertising support. We want our customers to be able to connect with all of these and have a comprehensive solution that manages all of their customer capability.
Marc Benioff: Well, there is different levels of integration. I think you have got to look at integration as a spectrum because today, of course, we have AppExchange integration where we have already done some integration with these products but we can do more. Because we own these assets now, we can do native integration. The first area where we were doing tremendous work and really want to have deeply integrated native capability and this is one that is certainly by Dreamforce, we want to able to show our customers how Pardot is deeply integrated into our Sales Cloud, not just at user interface level, but deeply integrated in to our core as well. Our Chief Technology Officer, this is a major goal for him, for this quarter as to make sure that Pardot is well integrated into our Sales Cloud and that our Sales Cloud customers have the ability to start using that capability as fast as possible and with outstanding integration. Number two, with ExactTarget, this very much is something that not only we see ExactTarget integrated into our core clouds, but we will integrate our core clouds and reverse into ExactTarget. If you have seen ExactTarget capabilities with its Fuel user interface, we have the opportunity to bring in our services from our core clouds. into ExactTarget, a great area where today they don't do a lot of work, for example might be in customer service or maybe in another core area we are able to start to leverage our core services back to ExactTarget and that's something that we are going to want to do overtime as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, there is no doubt that mobile is a critical part of what we are doing. And, whether it's, iGoDigital or some of the other capabilities in those areas as well as our investments in some of these great MDM companies, we are going to find some really great leverage and the ability to deliver a world-class offering through ExactTarget. I think a lot of folks didn't really understand ExactTarget's capabilities. Their technology in this area is probably as deep as anyone or anything that I've ever seen and what we really need to do now is, we need to help them to communicate. It's a tremendous asset that they have and we need to do that through product marketing as well through development of a world-class sales organization.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that there is more than a few a few, but you are going to have to wait until June for us to articulate the full value proposition of what we are doing and our exciting new vision for the future and the changes that we have made to our core platform that is going to enable a whole new generation of capabilities in sales and service, in marketing and building custom mobile applications as well. Thanks so much. It's been a great quarter at salesforce. We couldn't be more excited about everything that's going on. We are looking forward to seeing you at Connections, we are looking forward to seeing you at Dreamforce. So I will be on Mad Money tonight with the Jim Cramer and I look forward to seeing you all in Indianapolis.
