Keith Block: Thanks, Marc. Listen, Q2 was absolutely an outstanding quarter and we continue to acquire and expand meaningful and strategic relationships with enterprises of all sizes, in every region, across every segment and major industry. In fact, we had significant double-digit growth and a number of large deals in the quarter and -- which was terrific. And a lot of them were net new logos, which is really an indication of the type of success we're seeing in our enterprise growth strategy. I'm incredibly proud of the entire distribution team and what we've achieved together in a very short period of time. And it's pretty clear that customers are choosing Salesforce as the trusted advisor for the customer platform. We're having a huge impact in the marketplace delivering solutions and driving customer success, so we're very, very excited. I'd like to tell you about one of our larger transactions in the quarter, which is 3M, a leading manufacturer with a long history of global innovation. This was a great transaction and really is an example of the energy and the success that our team has been delivering in the marketplace. Salesforce will now be powering 3M's global transformation with Sales Cloud and Service Cloud as their global customer platform across 27,000 employees. Salesforce will be the social and mobile front end to 3M's SAP back office, and it will provide their sales, service and marketing teams with a 360-degree view of the customers. We're very, very excited about this. It's a terrific example of one of many 8-figure transactions in the quarter and a great example of how customers are turning to Salesforce to unlock the value from their legacy systems. We also closed another deal with Safeway. They selected the Salesforce1 Platform to build next-generation applications that will drive greater productivity across their store operations. Store managers and associates will be able to complete all their tasks right from their mobile phones, very, very exciting. And leveraging Salesforce Communities, Salesforce -- or excuse me, Safeway will bring all their stores and associates into a single communications platform. Again, a very, very powerful story that we're very, very excited about. Another large deal that we closed in the quarter is with Fastweb, which is the leading telco provider in Italy and also a subsidiary of Swisscom. Fastweb selected the Sales Cloud and the Service Cloud to get a holistic view of their subscribers, whether they're in the store, online or over the phone or with an agent. And with Salesforce Communities' Fastweb partners, we'll soon be able to connect directly with agents and drive a whole new level of customer service. This is really a great example of helping a customer transform their business model, and this is what we're all about, transforming our customers' business models. We are also very pleased to have closed the landmark transaction with a very large global manufacturer based in Europe and one of SAP's largest customers, where we will be replacing tens of thousands of Microsoft users. We also signed on new or expanded relationships in the second quarter with some great brands, Aetna, AIG, Bernard [ph], Caterpillar, Cathay Pacific, General Motors, Konica Minolta, Krungthai Bank, PG&E, Procter & Gamble, Roche, Singapore Airlines, USAA and Yahoo! and many, many more. These are all excellent, excellent global brands in a variety of different industries, and each and one of these companies are looking for us to provide them with deep industry expertise. So whether it's communications or financial services or health care or manufacturing, retail or the public sector, we are delivering the next-generation customer platform to help our customers transform their business models for the future. And as you can see from these incredible global brands, we're seeing tremendous levels of success internationally, as Europe and Asia Pac both delivered strong growth in the second quarter. We're just beginning to scratch the surface on our international growth potential. That's why we're aggressively investing in our international market by increasing our distribution capacity, building new data centers that we've announced and expanding our very important partner ecosystem. And speaking of partners, we see -- we continue to see tremendous energy and enthusiasm in the ecosystem. The number of ISVs continue to scale. Our systems integrators continue to expand their Salesforce practices, and all of this is accelerating our momentum, our reach and clearly, our success in the marketplace. So I want to thank the entire organization for their outstanding execution in the second quarter.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Graham. 
Keith Block: Yes, thanks, Marc. Jason, thanks for the question. [indiscernible] I would echo many of the things that Marc has said. When I came onboard just over 12 months ago, one of the things that was obvious to me was just the tremendous opportunity in international, both in EMEA and Japan and Asia Pac. And we have accelerated our investment in those theaters across the board, whether it's people and headcount, whether it's improving our relationship with partners, the SIs, the influencers, the key influencers in those markets, as well as the ISVs. Marc also mentioned data centers. I think that's a demonstration of clear commitment to those countries, that we're very serious about the cloud computing business in their theater. So you wrap up all of those investments, along with our general theme of going to market by industry in selling solutions, and you can see the response in the numbers that our customers internationally, not just domestically anymore, but internationally, absolutely want to embrace our vision for them around a customer platform. So we're very, very excited about the acceleration in the results, and you can see -- you're going to continue to see that happen. 
Keith Block: Yes, thanks, Kirk, for your question. Our industry strategy continues to gain traction. In fact, if you look at the roster of customers identified in the beginning of the opening comments of the call, they fairly represent all the industries that we're pretty much focusing on. So we continue to get traction. Our customers love the story about our reported view around industry. They love the solution that we're bringing to market. They are enjoying what our partners are collaborating with us on, enabled to help them drive a transformation to their business models in their particular industries. So it's early days and early months, but we continue to see traction. And not only are we seeing this in larger deals and in volume of larger deals, but just getting more meaningful dialogue across the board. So I think the prognosis is good, the early results are good, and we think we'll continue to focus on. 
Graham Vivian Smith: Okay. Thanks, Keith. As you just heard, we had a really strong second quarter. It's great to be handing the CFO role over to Mark, with the company performing at such a high level. As many of you already know, Mark is an exceptional finance executive, and I am fortunate to be transitioning the role to somebody who I've known personally for several years, who I admire and who is really going to be a great fit to Salesforce. Mark understands the challenges of growing an organization at scale. He was with HP on its journey from $3 billion in revenue to more than $50 billion and moved Dell from $25 billion to more than $55 billion. I'm confident Mark will be instrumental in helping the company scale to $10 billion and beyond. As you know, I'll be here until March as an adviser to ensure a seamless transition. I'll be on hand to answer any questions this afternoon. Before I turn the call over to our new CFO, I'd like to thank all of you on the phone for your support during my time at Salesforce. So with that, let me pass to Mark, who will take you through the financial details for the quarter. 
Graham Vivian Smith: Yes, I think we haven't -- in terms of specifically forecasting deferred revenue, obviously, we try and give you a guide on that just because we know it's an important number for you. I would say our methodology of how we actually project that this quarter doesn't change. We have a big, complicated model for that, that we use, and it's been reasonably reliable but there's been no -- it's not working at the deal level. It's basically working at the overall macro levels, new business, attrition. Bill frequency, all those kind of things go into that mix. 
Graham Vivian Smith: Yes, I would just add, I think we have somewhere over 900 open positions on our website. I think, Brent, you know we've often had a lot of back-end-loaded hiring in our years. This year, we actually got off to a really fast start. Employee attrition has been actually very favorable for us, too. We ended the first half ahead of our headcount plan, which I don't think we've had in my 6 years at the company. So we had a really, really strong organic hiring the first half. So we feel great heading into the back half from a hiring point of view. 
Marc Benioff: Well, thanks so much, Heather. I really appreciate that question, and I'll tell you, it really took me aback, honestly. I was in our Paris Cloudforce program. I think we had 3,000 to 5,000 people there with me. You can watch a video of that on YouTube. And you'll see that we got to the wearables section of the event. And right then, during the wearables section of the event, something amazing happened. And what happened is you hear just an audible gasp from the crowd when they see the Salesforce information appearing on the wearable. And it took me aback. It's taken me aback since we launched the product as well that customers really can see this happening very, very quickly and easily. A lot of them are already wearing wearables on a regular basis. I know that I am. I bet a lot of people on this call are. And these wearables are becoming a lot more sophisticated. They're becoming tethered to our phones. They're also becoming their own phones. And they need to have access to both not only the consumer cloud but to the enterprise information as well. And that's what we are really pioneering with our wearables and software development kits and applications that we're building. You're going to see a lot of that at Dreamforce as well. And when you start to combine it into the different verticals that we are looking at, we can really start to do demonstrations with our customers of what their future looks like, not only in their own productivity but also in how their customers will be automated as well. And you're going to see this become a huge part of the future. I'm confident we're going to see wearables from major providers like Apple and others this year. You've already seen wearables emerge from huge companies like Samsung. And it's going to be a huge part of all of our lives, and Salesforce has to be deeply integrated at part of that, which is why we launched the Salesforce Wear program. And also, I guess I should mention, since the CFO's name is Mark and the CEO's name is Marc, we'll have to come up with some clever way to figure out who the question is for, I just assumed that question was for me. 
Marc Benioff: Well, sure. I will let Mark and Graham handle the dilution question and let me take the top line on the strategy question. As part of my job as the CEO of Salesforce, I'm constantly meeting with and looking at and reviewing startups and new technology and new companies, new entrepreneurs and meeting with visionaries, and I had an amazing experience. I have a dinner that I attend every month with 15 CEOs, mostly very strong and emerging companies, and a lot of them now have become huge companies. And 2 of them looked me in the eye, and this has never happened before, and they go, "You really need to buy RelateIQ." And I said, "Well, why do I need to buy RelateIQ?" And they said, "Well, we use Salesforce but we use RelateIQ also. And it's an incredible complement to your product line, and it can be a huge part of your future." And I started -- I knew about RelateIQ. I'd used it. I started to spend a lot more time with it, and I saw exactly what they were talking about. It's really a vision of how the power of data science and the power of relationship intelligence can be applied to very large data sets. And what we see happening with RelateIQ is unbelievably complementary right now to Salesforce, but we see it just getting Salesforce on steroids. We obviously have a huge vision of RelateIQ. We're currently working closely with the management team and executing that. And I expect that in about 6 months, we'll have some very exciting new products and new capabilities to offer our customers based on the RelateIQ acquisition. And we are very fortunate, as we were with ExactTarget, to be able to acquire this company, these entrepreneurs, and they just have some of the most incredible visionaries and technologists in the company, including the person who invented the very term data science. And this is just a huge win and success for Salesforce. So let me turn over to Mark and Graham on the question of dilution. 
Marc Benioff: Yes, I really appreciate that, Jason, and I'll tell you that, number one, and we've talked to you about this before, it has been a long-concerted focus on Europe. And this, obviously, is not my first trip to Europe that I just completed. I have been to Europe with Salesforce many, many, many times. And Europe tends to be a laggard when it comes to implementing new technology. And that has not escaped our cloud companies, as well as you can see across the board with all of the cloud companies. That said, the reason why you see accelerated growth rates in Europe for our business and why we have just seen remarkable, remarkable deal growth and sales in Europe over the last several years now is because what you said is true. It is a huge, huge part of our information technology market, and it's a huge part of our CRM market. And they are now deeply committed and, I believe, earnestly adopting cloud in a whole new level. There's no doubt that we are adopting our model to be more successful in Europe. You probably know, we now have a U.K. data center. And while I was in Europe, we also announced a French and German data center. That will be extremely important for each of these countries to have their own "clouds". Germany wants the German cloud, France wants the France cloud and U.K. wants the U.K. cloud. And as you know, our infrastructure investments and ability to deliver infrastructure, the costs for us are extremely minimal. And it's very easy for us to deliver that model to those countries. We've already done that, for example, in the U.S., our dominant market, but we also have also already done that in Japan, where we have a Japan cloud. And I believe we'll have a U.S. cloud, a Japan cloud, a U.K. cloud, a France cloud and a German cloud. And that in our major markets, and you know that we really do business in earnest in about 7 countries, we will see a more -- an increasing Balkanization of those countries. And this is really, I think, indication that the cloud computing model is going mainstream. Cloud is going mainstream, and these countries want to make sure that these clouds are part of their national infrastructure and are part of their national assets. We saw that first in Japan and we delivered that, and we'll now deliver that in our major markets, and that's going to be very, very exciting for our customers. And it has given our distribution organization the ability to talk about this incredible commitment to our local markets. That's also why you saw us also double-down on our key markets headquarters, such as in the U.K. and France this quarter as well. We have our new Salesforce Tower in downtown London, which I encourage all of you to visit. And it's an incredible and very important part of our ability to do business in the United Kingdom and coupled with our U.K. data center. We also have our new French headquarters directly next to the Eiffel Tower, the former headquarters of the French Navy. And we have under development and soon-to-be opened our new French data center. Again, we have so many exciting customers in France that I met with, whether it's companies like I mentioned, like LVMH or AXA or Renault or so many others who have made massive commitments to us. And then we move on to Germany and, again, we're executing the same strategy. And Japan, where the Japanese Government now has asked us to move into one of their brand-new buildings, which is JP Tower, and in downtown Tokyo, in the Marunouchi district, and also we've coupled with NTT with our Japanese data center. And I think you're going to see this as a successful winning combination for delivering our cloud, Salesforce's cloud, in these local markets and accelerating our growth. And if you look at -- as we've implemented that strategy over the last several years, you can see how our international numbers have improved. And now let me turn it over to Keith, who will give you the on-the-ground assessment. 
