Marc Benioff: Okay. Before we do that, I just want to come back and just say, Graham, thank you so much contribution of our success for the last six years. I really cannot overstate what you have done to the company and when you are with this retirement, you are going to leave an unbelievable legacy and I could not be more grateful, so thank you very much. Graham will be speaking next week at the Raymond James conference in Florida, so come and see Graham there and I will also be speaking at the Morgan Stanley conference here in San Francisco on Tuesday at 12:00 pm to 12:40 and I will be also joined by our Chief Accounting Officer. Joe Allanson, so please come and see me and Joe on Tuesday. All right, so with that I will turn it over to questions.
Marc Benioff: Well, I really appreciate that question, because it is really the heart of our strategy and something where I will spend a huge amount of my personal time this year getting salesforce1 right. You know Kash because you follow enterprise software so closely that I do not think there is any company whose enterprise software has moved as well as our has to the phone. Not only do we have a compelling mobile experience for our sales, service, and marketing clouds, but you can also build your own custom applications and deploy whatever you need to automate your company right onto the phone and as an ISV, you can also publish right into Salesforce1. It looks a lot like Facebook or Twitter does on an iPhone or an Android, but you are running your business and we are the first ones there. It's a huge competitive advantage for salesforce. It's a critical part of every sales cycle and we are moving into a phone world. I have said this on the call before, I strongly believe in the future of phone. I think phones are getting larger, faster and that your software has to run really well on the phone and ours does and perhaps only ours does. I think that's certainly true today. I don't know for how long that will be true for but I haven't seen anyone else really deliver a vision of enterprise software on the phone. On my phone, I can manage my feed, I manage all of my groups, all my employee information, my analytics and dashboards, my schedules and all the critical ISV apps as well that I use as well as custom apps and in the salesforce we have just some really great apps that we have deployed internally that are custom to us. Everything from managing our IT trouble, tickets, to even giving feedback on Salesforce1 to creating a task for our Customers For Life organization and it's the heart of everything we do. Now we have got a lot of horses in the race here and we are not a single product company anymore. We are a multi product company and we have got many products. Sales Cloud is certainly a phenomenal success story. It's a multibillion dollar product line. Service Cloud is incredible. Marketing Cloud, you know what those numbers are and you see that growth rate. Platform is right there. So we have got four incredible product lines and that's our focus today, the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud, the Marketing Cloud and the Platform and it is certainly our goal that each one of those are multibillion dollar products. That's our strategic direction and we are very focused on the strategies, the communication, the branding, the acquisitions, necessary to make sure that those four things are all multibillion dollar products. And there aren't that many companies in our industry who have been able to deliver that kind of multi product success, but we have and we have a clear strategy. Those are the four legs of our stool and we going to continue to execute on that and we believe that the customer is the heart of that strategy that we have everything necessary to connect with the customers in a whole new way and for these customers who are signing huge deals with us, with Salesforce1 as the core platform, with this Sales, Service, Marketing, Platform strategy, we have got the right story and we have the right solution. You can go to the App Store or Google Play Store right now and download it and use it and try it and you can see it. It's phenomenal.
Marc Benioff: I love Adobe. I mean, I used their products since I was at Apple, when they created a postscript for the laser partners and those founders who still guide - that company are two of the most visionary people I think in the Industry and it is a great organization. They obviously participate in the marketing market and said do we and so do others because it is a big market. As we said, CMOs are going to be spending more on technology than CIOs and I don't think that this is not a zero-sum game. I think there is plenty of room for everybody and I have been investing as you probably know for the last two or three years now, because we believe so strongly in this and we have bought quite a few assets and tried a lot of different things, because we had to kind of find our way through this opportunity and we certainly have done that, and you can see we have bought [the premier] [ph] asset in the market last year. There is just no question we are number one in email marketing or number one in social listen in, we are number one in social publishing. We are number one in social advertising with social.com, which is the number one provider of services to advertisers on Facebook. I think it manages about 10% of Facebook's ad spend approximately and we just see a lot of potential going forward. One of the most exciting things with ExactTarget is the complete reconceptualization of their product into Journey Builder, and for those of you who have seen us now, demonstrate that it is a whole new vision for the marketer that's getting great response. As part of the ExactTarget acquisition, I think we also ended up with phenomenal asset called Pardot, which was actually a huge part of the quarter. It was one of the absolute fastest growing products we have ever seen. It's tightly integrated with our Sales Cloud and would be even more tightly integrated. It competes in that lead nurturing marketplace and that's another area. There's a lot of different places to play in marketing and I think that we are absolutely a player in marketing. I think one of our key assets, of course, is our large and extremely well-run direct sales organization and also that customers want that marketing cloud to be tightly integrated with what they are doing with sales and service, but I want to make it clear. I really think that there is plenty of room here for everybody. There is a lot of great companies out there. Adobe is a great company and we are going to be the number one marketing cloud in the world.
Marc Benioff: And I think that that's really the most important thing because as the CEO, I want all aspects of the business to be growing with equanimity and that we don't leave any one segment or any one geography behind because the strength of the company and the reason why we see salesforce delivering a 37% growth opportunity here, is because we manage that full portfolio of revenue. We talked about that on a number of calls, but we have done that very well and that's a key part of our strategy. I don't like to overemphasize any one area, but in the enterprise, like I said, I don't know any other company that got close to more than 200 transactions in the seven and eight digit category in customer relationship management enterprise software this quarter or any quarter before this.
Marc Benioff: Well, thanks, Heather. As usually, I think that your question is actually something that is very relevant for where we are right now and I will tell you exactly how I think about this. You know, the marketing area, some parts need to be very deeply integrated and some parts can be loosely coupled. In the deeply integrated area, lead nurturing for example, with Pardot, you go to pardot.com and you look at the website, you look at the integration, that we have done so far. I think between now and Dreamforce, you will see an extremely deep integration between salesforce and Pardot. We continue to scale that business and grow it and make sure that it's integrated extremely deep into our core. With ExactTarget, that unit is a more loosely coupled because many of the key areas that it focuses on do not need to be as deeply integrated as the Pardot asset. Still we can have shared contacts. We can integrate our Service Cloud. We can bring in our consoles, but at the end of the day, I believe that those marketers are going to want a control panel to build and run their business, and I believe that that's going to look a lot like ExactTarget. You can see how we have already integrated salesforce core services and salesforce platform with Journey Builder. You are going to see more things like that. This is just a very, very exciting time for the marketers. You won't hear me say enough that I think we have the premier asset, premier platform and you are going to continue to see some real excellence out of ExactTarget.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think Salesforce1 is accelerator on platform, I also think that Heroku here was accelerator on the platform I think Fuel you from ExactTarget is accelerator platform that these three things together really make a phenomenal platform. I could not be more excited with Salesforce1 out how it is going for customers. As I said, our own success with that inside the company speaks to what it can do for our customers, to our ability to compete in the market, differentiate ourselves, to make our customer successful in the phone environment. We are all-in our iOS, we are all-in on android. It's great on phones, it's great on tablets and I know that it. It has got a lot of upside if you have not followed the success of Heroku in the Ruby's world, since we acquired assets, it has been a rocket ship and that continues to be a huge part of our message to developers, especially in building interaction applications. We saw some great stories, especially in the enterprise this quarter with Heroku. One very large retailer, I don't want to get into the details, because I don't know if we have approval to use their name or not. Mean it, in a crisis situation to rapidly deploy a very large application and they built and deployed it Heroku and it was a huge success for them. I can tell you with Fuel, that one of the real assets of ExactTarget, is that it is not just an app, but it's a platform and they very much have our strategies integrated with lot of key iOS apps and it is that trifecta Salesforce1, Fuel, and Heroku you just give us three tremendous platform assets to really go after any casting building the custom capability for customer.
Marc Benioff: Well, thanks for that question because I am a huge believer in Big Data. I am a huge believer in analytics and reporting, dashboards. You will see with salesforce that probably is the most undercovered, underreported story at Dreamforce is what we delivered in analytics and reporting. A lot of that was some of these great new leaders that we acquired this year and if you go and take a look at what we to do for customers today with our new next-generation reporting engine, next-generation dashboards, I don't think there is a company that delivers more dashboards and more reports and more analytics to customers every day than salesforce. I haven't seen it. I know that in my own cases, I have said in my story of January 31, I am in Arizona, I am at a dinner. It's a great dinner. But I wanted to know how the quarter is doing and I am just able to look down and glance at my phone and I got incredible real-time analytics happening and dashboards and reports and I know exactly what's happening with the quarter. I think every CEO, every head of sales, every head of service, every head of marketing, manager, mid- manager needs that same capability and we are delivering that. In a social world, it shows up in my feed. In a mobile world, it shows up in my phone. In a cloud world, it shows up deeply integrated with our services. We are definitely evaluating and looking at all the places that we can put those analytics and dashboards and customers have come to us and said that there is more for us to do which is why we have made these investments, and I think that if you go and look at what you have already delivered, you would be hugely surprised and you will see the emergence of some great new capabilities.
Marc Benioff: Well, I really appreciate that, when there is an ISV or there is someone building on our platform, we want to invest in them and partner with them. We have been a very partner friendly organization. We have a huge investment fund. I think it's probably one of the largest investment funds in the industry. We don't talk about it or brand it, but I can tell you that we invest and we have had great returns. I just reviewed our investment fund returns. We invest in some cloud computing companies that are building on salesforce and our platform. And we want to help these ISVs be successful. We want to give them the seed capital. We want to give them growth capital. We want to help them with distribution relationships. We want to help them with their marketing, with their branding. We want to partner closely with them. And we have got some great success stories. You mentioned Veeva. I am sure you know ServiceMax. I am sure you know Kenandy. I am sure you know FinancialForce. I mean you go to the AppExchange and look under native and look at all the native apps that are there and you will see that we are investing in those companies and one of the reasons they are getting growth is we are aligning to make them successful. We want those native app providers to be successful. And we want to partner with them. We want them to grow and be a core part of our vertical strategy, absolutely.
Marc Benioff: I think customer service is absolutely one of the most exciting areas. I mean it has been a big investment area for us. We believe that there is huge opportunity in the enterprise, huge opportunity to mid-market, huge opportunity in the small-market. We have Desk.com, which if you have not seen the new version of Desk that we just released a few weeks ago, it's doing incredibly well and we are continuing to invest in the success of Desk.com, which was an acquisition that we made all over year ago and we also have our Service Cloud, which was an acquisition that we did about five years ago, the leader of that company called InStranet, that was the based in Paris is now the head of our product organization, Alex Dayon, and he has done a phenomenal job building that product. I am very excited about service, but you know I love all of my children. I love the Sales Cloud, I love the Service Cloud, I love the marketing cloud, and I love the Platform, and I love all of our partners too, so all of ISVs, I would say, I guess that would be the fifth thing fifth thing I probably do not talk about that enough.
Marc Benioff: Yes. Well, I think that, I will answer part of this and then I will turn it over to Graham. I really think international remains a huge upside opportunity for salesforce. We have invested very heavily in the United States market, which was a very good decision because it is the mega market for enterprise software. We really only do business in a few countries, we do business in the United States, in Canada, in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, all which also performed really well this Europe, a great year, we do business in Japan. That has been a great story for us. We just moved into our new headquarters in Japan invited by the government to move into the JP tower the Japan Post our which is a brand new our Marunouchi district and we do business in Australia and that is basically it, so we have a lot more opportunity internationally, but so we have a lot of opportunity in a lot of areas, so every time a dollar comes up for investment, we debate it very closely here where are we going to put it, internationally, in a city, in the country, in a product, because in our industry there is a lot of opportunity for growth and we have been very fortunate to place those dollars correctly and you saw a great outcome here on this fiscal year delivering a 37% growth quarter and 33% a year. Then the question is, okay, how much more are we going to put in all these various first pieces.
Marc Benioff: Well, thank you very much. Again, I want to just come back before we do end this call. I want to just come back to Graham and thank you again for your great contribution with company for last six years. We are looking forward to working with you for the next 13 months, so, I know you are not going anywhere.
Marc Benioff: We want to signal it now, so that we have an orderly transition of power. Many of you followed the salesforce, know that Graham was not our first few Chief Financial Officer. He is our third and he has absolutely done a phenomenal job and as we have gone through the CFO transitions before, we know that investors want to have a lot of heads up and transparency into the process, so that is why I am so thrilled to be able to talk about this today with Graham.
Marc Benioff: I will be making sure that as well, so don't worry about that. I want to thank everyone for all their support for this fiscal year. We will look forward to seeing you next week at the Raymond James conference or at the Morgan Stanley conference. And please come on the road with us. We have got a great tour coming up. And come and see us in Philly, come and see us in Melbourne of Boston, Chicago, London, Amsterdam and DC, Atlanta, Toronto and Paris. We have got many more that coming. Come and meet our customers, our partners. Come and see Salesforce1 in action and get ready for Dreamforce, because the Dreamforce is coming in October, only a few short months away, the world's largest and most important technology show in the world of cloud computing, social and mobile and enterprise software coming back to San Francisco and we are going to have another incredible Dreamforce this year as well. So thanks everybody, and I will see you next quarter.
Graham Smith: Yes, thanks. We are obviously delighted to see that rate finally drop below 10%. It feels like I think it’s 18 [inaudible]. It has been a long journey, but I think there is certainly still room for improvement. I think we’ve talked in the past about the different programs we have, the early warning systems we have, the shift to enterprise and I think clearly bringing in the new leadership team with Keith Block and Tony Fernicola has certainly I think added to that just absolute credibility in the enterprise space. We frankly see very, very low attrition rates in enterprise. So for us, I think, it's a lot more about working on the big market and small business. I think you will see us continue to do that. I don't think you should expect – you’ve seen the rate of decline has been slow and steady. And I think we will be working hard to basically keep that going over the next few years. It's impossible for me to give you a credible forecast, but I think it certainly can go lower over time if we keep working at it.
Graham Smith: Thank you. I think if you look at large deals for salesforce, they do tend to be quite seasonal. It's the end of our fiscal year, our sales reps and architect, you know, their own compensation plans to accommodate in a large transaction at the fiscal year of the fiscal year. It's kind of the nature of the enterprise software business, and if you go back and look at we tend to reported at the end of every year the number of the large transactions in the fourth quarter that occur, I think you will see that we have just had really good symmetrical growth of our large transactions, but also our small and medium transactions as well. We run a full portfolio of business on full portfolio of geographies. There are large enterprises are important, the small business is important, the medium business is important. We have a complex distribution organization which is why we are so fortunate this year to attract a great leader, Keith Block, to run that for us. He is also a member of our Board of Directors and he has done a great job. He has hired a great management team and we know we couldn't be better positioned for continued excellence in distribution.
Graham Smith: And Raimo, just a reminder on the numbers. So we reported more than 200 seven and eight digit transactions this quarter. Q4 a year ago was over 150. So that more or less mirrors that growth irate of 30% plus range. So as Marc says, very symmetric growth.
Graham Smith: Well, I think it is a very important our strategy. It is actually strategy that we have executed in the company, but Keith is definitely emphasizing and customers by segment want more value from us and want us to be able to speak to them in their language to build a bring value to them to bring systems integrators and I think a great story is our tremendous success in the pharmaceutical area with Depot. You could see that's been very much a one of our key focuses, making sure that we have dominant position in pharmaceutical, we have a key ISV that we work with their and it has been a great story talk to big pharmaceutical companies, well that's a model for us for other industries. We want to align ISVs, we won align marketing, branding, we want to bring in the other key resources so that we can the great success by vertical. I think, Keith has a vision and clarity around that. That's even bigger than we had before he came here and we are letting him run that with all of his gusto.
Graham Smith: Yes. Remind people that obviously Asia-Pac, not just Japan, it's Japan and Asia and Australia and New Zealand and certainly we saw a little better sort of executions in Japan and Australia in the fourth quarter, so I think that is really what's helped lift that constant currency growth really good in the fourth quarter.
Graham Smith: Yes, Marc. It's obviously been amazing experiences as I stated. I would like to make sure everybody I am going to be working just as other over the next 13 months to make sure that everything goes right.
