Graham V. Smith: Well. First, yes, we think deferred revenue in Q4 will grow approximately 30%. Obviously, I've said for all the reasons that I listed, it's a tough number for us to predict accurately. I think with -- first of all, just to put this in perspective, I think we've raised our guidance for Q4. We've obviously initiated, I think, pretty exciting guidance for next year. If you look at the trend of constant currency deferred revenue growth, Q1 is 33%; Q2, 33%; Q3 was 31%. That's why we have avoided, I think, talking about your calculation of billings. I think your number is a lot more volatile. We tend to -- I think we -- the deferred revenue is a number that goes on our balance sheet. And we feel clearly that it's subject to this volatility for all those reasons that I listed around invoice duration and so on. And then the last thing I'd remind you, Kash, is that some of these newer business like Radian6 and Heroku, they're not really contributing to deferred revenue balance. They contribute to the revenue number, but they don't contribute to the deferred revenue number in any significant way. So we did highlight that at our analyst session at Dreamforce. There's something to -- as a potential shift in how that billings calculation that you do may work. So we feel we couldn't be happier with where our business is and where we're going in Q4 next year, so that's sort of our commentary.
Graham V. Smith: And Heather, I just -- I did mention first early on in my comments that we did exceed our own expectation in terms of where our new business was going to close for the quarter in Q3.
Graham V. Smith: So Adam, we traditionally haven't broken out those numbers. And clearly at this point in the year, as you know from previous years, we don't give any other guidance than just the first blush revenue. We haven't finished our operating model for next year. We haven't finished a lot of the detailed plans and therefore clearly, haven't finished our cash flow guidance either. So I'm afraid I'm just going to pass on that for the moment.
Graham V. Smith: Sure. Yes, I mean, unbilled deferred, we disclose that once a year on the fourth quarter call. But certainly, it's been trending up very strongly so we're very pleased with how unbilled deferred has been trending this year. We've never given earnings guidance on this first view of the following year on certainly on any of the years I've been with the company. I think we have good visibility as you know into our revenue for next year because of our business model and the sales capacity that we've added during the course of this year, and we plan to add in the fourth quarter. So I think we have great visibility into our revenue, and that's an easier number for us to give you a view into than working through all of the detail of the P&L and the cash flows and so on that we'll be doing over the next few months as we close out Q4. So that's -- we're not really doing anything different here to what we've done in previous years.
Graham V. Smith: No. I was just reminding people really that the basics of our model. I know we've obviously gone through with you, Tom, a lot of times. But I think, we've always said -- I think, Marc and I and certainly David, that when we're in this move, when we're hiring as aggressively as we are, it means we feel really good about our business. And so we've just had a record quarter of hiring. We expect we're going to have another record in Q4. And we see -- we have the visibility obviously into the pipeline and the sales productivity and our sales capacity, and that's what we're focused on building for next year. So that's really what I'm trying to imply.
Graham V. Smith: We don't give that metric. I'm pretty sure it grew faster than the -- the off balance sheet grew faster than -- the off balance sheet grew faster than the on balance sheet in Q3. As I say, we will give you that number more precisely in Q4, so you'll be able to see what the trend has been over the year.
Graham V. Smith: There really isn't anything. Obviously, Radian6 will do the transition this quarter, then they'll be in sort of an invoice basis just like all of our other businesses for next year. EITF has had a relatively small impact this year. It will be for the whole year, so somewhere around $20 million, I think, across all 4 quarters. It's increased revenue by, I think, next year EITF is pretty neutral. In fact, it might even be a small headwind next year. But there's nothing else that's going to be an unusual adjustment to revenue, either positive or negative, that I'm aware of right now.
Graham V. Smith: Well, first of all, I just want to make sure I'm very clear on these new businesses. We're not recognizing any revenue upfront. You use that word recognizing revenue upfront. We don't recognize any revenue upfront. So the newer business was like Heroku and Radian6, bill monthly. And so therefore, if they're billing for a very short time period based on usage typically, my point is simply that those businesses don't affect deferred revenue. Not that we recognize revenue upfront, we just simply recognize it each month when it's billed. So I just want to be clear on that. I think clearly, we had a great collections quarter. If you look at our DSOs going from 55 days down to 49 days, that clearly has something to do with the AR balance being what it is. We wanted to make sure that we delivered a strong operating cash flow for the quarter and that's what we did. And like I say, we -- and Marc said earlier, we don't manage deferred revenue. That's why we've continued to highlight as often as we can that there are these fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter. And we have -- on a constant currency basis, we're talking about a trend that's gone 33%, 33%, 31%. So that's -- and clearly, we're looking at a strong fourth quarter from our perspective and a strong year next year. That's sort of -- that's how we join the dots.
Graham V. Smith: And maybe, John, just to add a couple more points. Clearly, we've talked in the past about roughly 2/3 of our invoicing being on an annual basis and roughly 1/4 of our invoicing being quarterly and the rest being semi-annual and monthly. And I again, on previous calls, said that those proportions which do affect deferred revenue move around from quarter-to-quarter. But it frankly is at a level of sort of noise that it feels kind of weird on a $900 million-plus number to be saying, "Oh, this quarter, we got -- we gained x million from a little movement in this proportion. And next quarter, we've lost a little because of that proportion changing." And so we've tended to just try and sensitize people to the fact that there are these fluctuations and just try and communicate that we're not out there trying to influence them. And we roll with them each quarter rather than trying to get people to wound up in the minutia of that balance sheet number.
Marc Benioff: Yes, I think that when you look at what is the best predictor of our future revenues, we're able to really take a strong look at our guidance. And you've seen for this year, that we've really been right on that in terms of where we're going as an organization. And as we look to other metrics in our balance sheet like deferred revenue, the problem is that, that's a metric that's rapidly evolving as we start to do more acquisitions, as there are fluctuations in invoicing periods, currency changes. But at the end of the day, our best predictor of where our revenue is going is our guidance. And when we get down to the deferred revenue, it's not a metric that we manage internally. It's really only a metric that we report at the end of the quarter. And in terms of our sales and our numbers for the quarter, our bookings for the quarter, we've stayed away from those quarterly numbers. And we can look at something like our customer accounts which, for this quarter, were above where we expect them to be and were actually a record number than we've ever had in the history of the company.
Marc Benioff: Well, our pipelines are fantastic, and we had it -- we've had it -- Q3 was an amazing quarter for us, and we expect another amazing and spectacular quarter in the fourth quarter. Our pipelines have never been bigger. Our customer accounts have never been higher. The number of net new customers for the quarter was higher than it ever was. And we couldn't be more excited about our business, and a lot of that came out of the fourth quarter. And as we look to the next fiscal year, we look at hitting this $3 billion annual revenue run rate, which is critical for us. And really -- and you can also see how we see the fourth quarter playing out in terms of revenue where we're raising our revenue guidance, it's $2.285 billion. All indications to us is that our business remains unbelievably strong and pipeline is strong and the number of deals that are closing are at record levels. If we 0 back down to this deferred number, it's going to continue to fluctuate, and it's not a great indicator of the current performance of the company. The best performance indicator of the performance of the company, of course, is the revenue and the best indicator of the future performance of the company is the guidance that we're giving on the call today.
Marc Benioff: Well, we've been selling really the concept of the social enterprise without the word social enterprise because we only had now for about 6 weeks probably since Dreamforce 2008. And if you go back to Dreamforce 2008, you'll remember I was on stage with Sheryl Sandberg and doing demonstrations of Facebook tightly integrated with Salesforce.com. And that folded to 2009 which is when we really started to announce Chatter, 2010 where we had rolled out Chatter as kind of the foundation of the social enterprise. And now in 2011, of course, we called basically Dreamforce welcome to the social enterprise, and we are working with literally thousands of our customers around the world that are defining what social enterprise means to them. When we look at social enterprise, we see what is the customer social profile, what does it look like from a collaboration platform, how are they building and deploying the Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud, custom applications, social applications -- which is kind of what we see with Heroku, social monitoring like with Radian6. And then we start to build product social networks. This week, I was in Las Vegas on Monday with our customer Toyota rolling out to all of their dealers and distributors our vision for Toyota Friend and demonstrating Toyota Friend to them on the iPad, and it was an amazing experience. But when we look at the customers that we're closing in this quarter and the pipelines that we have, we have a lot of social enterprise transformations underway because it has become the primary way that we're selling. I would say that we've evolved from being a Sales Force Automation company and then adding the platform in to be in a -- what I would call an SFA platform or even a CRM platform. Then we really introduced the Service Cloud when we became a true CRM platform, the sales, service. Of course, we've added in Radian6. We see the emergence of the marketing cloud with Heroku, with these social marketing applications, with Radian6 and really with the thousands of websites that we run all -- for our customers all over the world. And then you can really start to see that when you combine all of that with Chatter and other core technologies that we've deployed, we really see the social enterprise as our primary value proposition to the customers. And I would suggest if you talk to our customers or talk to recent customers that we've signed, a lot of the reasons that we're able to close deals was because we are substantially ahead of the competition and not only being able to define, articulate but also build and deploy for a customer social enterprise applications, and it's been -- it was a fantastic dream for us. I expect the same at Cloudforce at New York and Tokyo. And I expect that our pipelines will continue to be full of social enterprise capabilities. And specifically to your point on speed. I believe that our industry is going faster than ever before. And that we're going to see this uptake, as already evidenced by the deal flow, and happening faster than ever before because customers need new solutions that are trying to redefine themselves and the opportunity is right now. It's not 2 or 3 years from now. This is about being aware of what's going in the market today and how to deliver that.
Marc Benioff: No. In fact, we had more larger transactions in this quarter, Laura, really than we've ever had in the third quarter, and we had really spectacular deal flow. And those Large Enterprise that the transactions are architected around being social enterprises. And as we look out what's happening in the fourth quarter, in the fiscal year '13, we're seeing more and more social enterprise transactions. And they are not really what I would say a slower uptake. I would just say that we have a highly differentiated product. We're able to architect much larger transactions and deliver to our customers a much broader solution. And when you look at some of these large transactions that we closed in the quarter, like Verizon, Electronic Arts or GE, Maersk USA, some of the big premiere transactions, I think that what you see is that they really all signed with us because we're able to deliver to them the social platform, and that other customer other companies aren't ready to deliver that to them today.
Marc Benioff: Well, we have a great product with the Service Cloud, as you know. And one of the exciting parts of our Service Cloud product, of course, is that it's deeply part of our core platform. It's not just the standalone application. It's part of the -- as Laurel has indicated, part of the social enterprise, number one. Number two, it's part of our platform. It's not a really a separate piece of code. It's a deeply integrated part of the platform. And the core parts of that offering like, for example, knowledge management or the ability to do case management. That's an application that we deliver to customers. It's also part of our platform that we deliver to developers. It's also deeply integrated into our Sales Cloud and into our marketing cloud. And that's really one of the strengths of Salesforce is that we haven't acquired hodgepodge, all these other little companies in every little thing like Oracle has. We've been delivering really from the ground up, and where we -- when we have a technology vacuum like we did a few years ago, in knowledge management, we acquired a company called InStranet, but that was an on-premise technology company that then we rewrote deeply into our platform, into the multi-tenet architecture and the shared system, make it available through our API. And the great evidence of that is the win this quarter with Electronic Arts. As you know, Electronic Arts and Battlefield 3 is probably the biggest highest volume customer service release of the quarter for any vendor. And it was a replacement of competitive technology. And I think that when you look at that, it's evidenced that we have what it takes to win those transactions, to go head-to-head against Oracle and to beat them consistently. And that's why they continue to draw straws, buy different companies, but nothing is going to be able to go up against a deeply integrated platform like we have that can do application development, as well as the end-user application capability across the board. And that's the power of Force.com.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that what we see really is the main interest of our customers today is in social marketing. I think that traditionally, customers have really looked at what is campaign management or what is my ad spend there in the quarter. But I think it's really moved to what are my customers saying about me? How do I deeply integrate my website and my Facebook presence and my Twitter presence? And how is that related back to my sales and service capability? And even the traditional www address. And all of that, we really look at the evolution of we've been calling the marketing cloud. I called the social marketing cloud internally because when I look at the social marketing cloud, what I see is really the opportunity for customers to use products like Radian6 for social monitoring, Heroku for building interactive applications. On Facebook, a great example to what we've been talking about is Facebook.com/Disneyland where you can see the deeply integrated interactive application. Or even -- you're going to start to see us deploy new -- I don't want to get ahead of where we're going for Cloudforce New York, where you're going to see us do a lot of announcements in this area, but the ability to take Force.com, the ability to take the Service Cloud, the ability to take the Sales Cloud and the marketing cloud and deploy highly customized applications back out to customers. When we talked and look at competitive offerings from Oracle, from SAP from the companies that they're buying every other week, they just can't do that. You just don't see that level of integration, the level of scale, the level of throughput. I guess a great stat that we didn't use in our script that we probably could have is we've delivered more than 300 million pages to Zynga's customer service application since we deployed it in April. That's amazing. And you just don't see other companies doing that level of scale in throughput and reliability. And then when we look at a company like Zynga, we see them deploy in other aspects of our technology as well to become a true social enterprise. All of that comes back to the marketing cloud, the Service Cloud, the Sales Cloud as an integrated strategy for delivering the customer social enterprise.
Marc Benioff: Yes. I think that what we're excited about, Tom, and as you know, if you follow us, you listen to these calls, we're all about building greater distribution capacity. We know we have the winning product. We know we have the winning strategy. We just don't have as large a sales force as Oracle and SAP and Microsoft and how do we build that as fast as possible. What we're getting excited about is we finished this fiscal year '12, our fundamental distribution capacity, that is the number of pure-play account executives across all of our product lines, will be up almost 50%. That's very exciting for us. That includes the acquisitions obviously. That includes our core development, and we've got our eye on that ball. It's important for us to grow distribution capacity, to invest in it because without an army, you're not going to win a war in enterprise software, and a lot of this is hand-to-hand battle. And as you go to -- go after these mega transactions like the ones we've been talking about the call and so many others, whether it's a large bank like Wells Fargo or whether it's a large telecom company like Verizon, whether it's a large entertainment company like Electronic Arts, whether it's a large insurance company like Chartis or others, you just aren't going to win unless you've got the feet on the street, and you're ready to jump in the foxhole and really battle it out the competition because we have to communicate something that you maybe intuitively understand at this point because you've been to maybe 20 events with us. Most customers obviously haven't, and so that core distribution capacity is critical and it's our #1 investment category for this fiscal year and the next one as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, we had a really strong quarter in Europe. We had revenue growth of 36% in dollars and 29% in constant currency. And I think one of our marquee transactions of the quarter was a head-to-head win against Oracle at Maersk, which was one of the very largest Siebel customers in Europe now getting converted over to us. We also just hired one of Oracle's top Senior Vice Presidents, Miguel Milano, to be our new head of Europe. And I was just there in London at Cloudforce, and I had to add a second day because demand was so strong for my presentation that I had to do 2 keynotes, and honestly, we could have probably done 3 or more. And then Graham actually had to go and -- go to Munich and do Cloudforce Munich, which I was not able to attend, because it had such a strong attendance. So Europe is an exciting growth region for us. It's been an exciting growth story for us, and we saw strong demand. As you can see in all of our numbers are mid-double-digit growth in all geographic regions, which is just an exciting time for the company. And we feel good about where Europe is today. Graham, do you want to add to that? You were just there.
Marc Benioff: Yes, I mean, that was amazing excitement at Munich, literally more than a double from a year ago in terms of attendance. And so yes, I think with Miguel on board as well, we're going to have a great year their next year.
Marc Benioff: Yes, and I would add, we don't traditionally manage metrics associated with deferred revenue like invoice timing or invoice duration. Those are not things that we are in there trying to dial up with customers. What we're trying to dial up with customers is getting them on board, closing their deals, getting the contract length correct, getting them implemented, making them successful and looking at the long-term monetary value of these customers over time. And as we broke through more than 100,000 core customers in the last quarter, what we really saw was we continue to see very, very strong revenue growth, and we are doing a good job of predicting how our business is performing, and we're going to be able to continue to do that. But we have to be a little bit cautious regards to -- this concept of quarter end deferred is still absolutely -- it's a function of invoicing, and it's also influenced by other factors that Graham has mentioned, including things like invoice timing, invoice duration, new business linearity within the quarter, annual seasonality, these acquisitions, compounding effects of renewals. And those are things that we as a -- certainly, I could speak in terms of the sales organization. We're focused on beating the competition and signing deals. And in terms of those specific metrics, that's not where our eyes are. And so you can see variations in deferred revenue over time, which is why at Dreamforce, Graham called that out in the Analyst Day, and he basically said to be aware of those types of fluctuations in the future.
Marc Benioff: Yes, and at a high level, I just want to come back what I've said, every quarter this year, which is we're focused on top line growth. You can see what we're excited about is we're going to get into that $3 billion revenue run rate next year, and we're looking at how fast can we get to $10 billion in revenue. And we feel absolutely that we're on track for a great year next year, and we're working hard to have a great year every year until we can get to that $10 billion number because we just see nothing but growth and opportunity for the enterprise. Cloud computing, their need to move off of these traditional enterprise, software and hardware systems that they've had for a couple of decades. And when you look at the big wins this quarter, you see that with Maersk, with Electronic Arts, with Verizon and others, they're all like, "Let's get into the cloud." And that's what's exciting to us. And as a proof point to that, you saw at Dreamforce the energy and the excitement, the scale. You're going to see that again in New York. You're going to see that again in Tokyo. I think it's important for everybody to come and assess it first-hand, and you're going to continue to see great performance at Salesforce.
Marc Benioff: This is absolutely related back to really Laura's question which I thought was right on and others around the momentum of the social enterprise. And as the social enterprise has gotten more and more momentum this year, what we've seen is a gap in our ability to rapidly deploy to our customers certain key aspects regarding the strategic services around the social enterprise. And that gap obviously has been picked up by some of our partners like Accenture, like Deloitte, like CapGemini. But one of the partners that we saw do an outstanding job in a very strategic area, which is mobile applications and in social networks is Model Metrics. We specifically saw that when we signed Toyota. When we saw the ability was how do we rapidly start to build and deploy an application for them. And many of our partners were not able to deliver on the mobility piece we saw Model be able to jump in. We've seen that with other customers. And we said strategically, this is a core part of the services we want to be in. As you know, a very small percentage of Salesforce's total revenue is services. It's not part of our strategy. It's not what we talk about on the call. In fact, we really didn't talk about professional services or consulting at all on this call. We're all about the delivery of more and more customers and more licenses. And when we want to scale an organization, we don't want to scale ProServe. We want to scale our distribution organization. That's our strategy. That said, in this one area, strategic services, we wanted more competency. And we made a strategic decision to do something that we have not had the need to do before, which is to pick up a relatively small professional services organization that's an expert in social, mobile and cloud, Model Metrics based in Chicago. And that's the deal that we announced, and I think it makes us a much stronger organization in being able to close and accelerate these social enterprise transactions.
Marc Benioff: We really haven't -- we've seen a lot of transactions closed in this quarter. We've seen transactions closed in this quarter that get paid out for us in quarters to come. I'm not going to go into that detail. But it's been very exciting for us to see customers make these very big commitments to us over time. And the social enterprise has provided a very, very high level of differentiation. I think when customers go through a demonstration of our technology, as I'm sure you have done and you will see again in New York and Tokyo, it's highly differentiated against the competition, and customers can start where they are. Social enterprise is not something that anybody buys. It's not a product. It's not on our price list. Of course, we have a social enterprise license agreement where they can buy an ELA, where they can take all of our products down. But the reality is most customers come in with a specific business need that we're looking to fulfill and then give them a vision in their mind of where they can go beyond that, and that remains our core strategy. When I work with customers and I help them to define what is their social enterprise for the future, I think a lot about where is their employee social network today? Where is their customer social network today? Where is there product social network? And how can we elevate their consciousness about the ability to deploy more of that? And I think one of the most exciting things in the release of our technology that we just put out is that now inside Chatter is Salesforce's customer group. So you can create a group not only of employees, but you can now create a group and you can bring in employee customers. And that could provide an exponential effect on Chatter. So every Chatter user can go out and create a group and then bring outside customers into that group to collaborate and create a portal and share information within that group. We've just never seen technology like that. Salesforce's technology has primarily been myopic. It's been within the enterprise. Maybe we had a portal for your customers, now we're including the customer into that. That's an exciting next step in enterprise software. I think it's an accelerator for customers on the social enterprise. And we're continuing to see strong deal flow, and we're hoping to see all our sales cycles to be highly normalized in terms of their close rates.
