Marc Benioff: Well, thanks, Evan. This is probably one of those calls that the most difficult type of call that we can do, and the reason why it is the most difficult call that we can do is all of the grim things that are happening in the world. And of course, all of us are witnesses to tragedies that we cannot believe our eyes. And at the same time, we're here on the call to tell you that Salesforce had perhaps the best quarter it's ever had in its history, and we are trying to measure our response. And this is actually very personal for me. I'm sure many of you know that my great grandfather actually immigrated from Kiev from -- growing up, it was Kiev in our household. And -- but my great grandfather, Isaac Benioff came to the United States from Kiev, and my grandfather was born here in the United States and then came to San Francisco and met to my grandmother who was the second generation San Franciscan. And that's why I'm here now, I'm a fourth generation San Franciscan, but looking back and looking at my family now and Ukraine, my heart is really breaking for them, and the senseless pain, the suffering, the -- it's just unbelievably difficult to see what is going on in the world. And while we really don't have employees or do business in the Ukraine or Russia of any consequence, I would say that we do have employees and families like mine, and with loved ones there and deep connections to the region in this part of the world, and our heart is continuing to break. And we've provided ways that we provide humanitarian care. I just provided some response through World Central Kitchen, which I highly endorse, Jose Andres, and someone who I've worked with for many years. And as we find more ways to provide humanitarian care, we will. This is very important to us and who we are in our core values at Salesforce. So, as I said, this is a difficult moment for us because we are not blind to what's happening in the world, and yet we did have probably, I would say, the best quarter we've ever had in the history of the company. And I'm here on the 61st floor of Salesforce Tower. We've got significant numbers of our employees back here in the office. I was just with them. And I also just spent a tremendous amount of time surveying the city and how things are coming back to life here kind of in our post-pandemic reality that we're now entering, and it's powerful. This energy around here is amazing. We're really turning the corner in our battle with the virus. And I believe, in many ways, COVID is behind us. And certainly, I know that Omicron and BA.2 are very serious viruses, but we are in a very different position in the world today fighting these things than we were a couple of years ago, and I want to thank everyone who has done so much for getting us through the last two years. It really became very clear to us -- a couple of weeks ago, we had our fiscal year kick-off in New York City. We had 5,000 employees attending in person at the Javits Center. It was amazing to be with 5,000 employees again. We had -- we have 75,000 employees now in the company. 35,000 of our 75,000 employees have started since the pandemic, so we've had quite a bit of growth here at Salesforce. And I would also say that when we asked -- we're in the room -- and how many of you have not attended a Salesforce kick-off, stand up and be welcomed, I would say 75% of the room stood up. And Bret and I are conducting this kick-off together as a team, and I think we are both in shock. And wouldn’t you say that that was…
Marc Benioff: If they don't implement these products, they're not going to grow. I think that I’ve also had a debate with so many of these CEOs, well, everybody is coming back. No, they're not. Well, everything is going back to the way it was. No, it's not. And I think now, even some of those the CEOs took these really hard positions. They're like, okay, we're going to have a flexible work environment. And Slack is obviously right there in the middle of that motion.
Marc Benioff: And it was critical that we did that at that time because it's kind of setting up the future of work combined with the #1 CRM.
Marc Benioff: It's kind of amazing. It's -- really, it's unprecedented in the software industry that you'd see something after 2 decades deliver such kind of a growth rate.
Marc Benioff: Not just them. I'm right in there. I couldn't -- I can't I believe it. It's doing -- it's $6 billion on its way to -- I don't know, 10. I have no idea what it's going to. It's unbelievable.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that, that's well said. And I'll tell you, we spend a lot of time with our investors. I know that I do, and I know we spent a lot -- a lot of them are portfolio managers. They're running a full portfolio, which is how they're trying to get a return on their investment. And the more time I've spent with them, I think they've influenced me and how I run our business here. And I think we're very much at that same perspective, and we want to deliver an outstanding return to our investors as well. Thank you so much for everything. And our hearts and our thoughts and prayers are with all those right now who are going through these troubled times.
Bret Taylor: Yes. You could feel the impact and just the poignancy of the moment as everyone looked down at their seats and tried to imagine a cot and really captured just as hard and as long as it's been how far we've come.
Bret Taylor: Yes. I mean, as Marc said, I think what really characterized this quarter, particularly in Q4, as you know, we have -- it's our largest quarter, a lot of really big transformational deals. We call them multi-cloud deals. That's exactly as Marc characterized it. It's a real trusted digital advisor relationship where we're helping solve the problems most fundamental to the executive teams of our customers, and it's not something that's related to the pandemic. It's related to the systemic digitization of the economy. And that's something that we think is a secular trend and that is absolutely enduring, and we see it in the demand environment. As Marc said, Slack continues to exceed our expectations, and I think it is benefiting not only from the trend towards this new way of working that we're all figuring out right here in Salesforce Tower, it's also benefiting being a part of our Customer 360 portfolio. And you heard it in the customer stories, and it's why Slack's Q4 revenue was $312 million, well ahead of our guidance of $285 million. We're really seeing the synergies both in our value proposition from our product, but also our distribution environment as well. And to answer one of your other questions, we're seeing strong pipeline going into Q1. And we feel that, as I mentioned, across both our transactional business and large deals, pipelines remain very strong, and we don't see any demand pull forward.
Bret Taylor: Well, I think the thing that's been the most, I'll say, pleasant surprise was despite inflation, the crisis in the supply chain, the conflict in Europe. Our customers, this is the problems that we solve for our customers are as urgent as ever. And as you mentioned, our Customer 360 portfolio, which since you and Parker started this company 23 years ago, it's not just sales opportunity management anymore. It's really every aspect of the customer experience. And it means that we're starting conversations in every department of every single one of our customers and have the opportunity to expand really –
Bret Taylor: And it's in the middle of it for every single one of our customer conversations, which is why it's, I think, 1 of the most exciting acquisitions we've ever done.
Bret Taylor: Yes. And I think you articulate it well, Marc. We -- right now, we -- our focus was on integrating Slack and executing with the portfolio that we have. And I don't see any material M&A in the near term.
Bret Taylor: I think it's a great way to wrap up the call, Marc. I think the strength of the portfolio is really the theme. I think one of the things that stood out to me in the performance is the strength of our core businesses. As you said, our core sales and service business, I think it's appropriate coming up on our 23rd birthday that Sales Cloud 23 years later continues to grow at 17% and is over $6 billion in --
Bret Taylor: It is. And I bet there's a few analysts on the call who's been covering you and this company ever since, and I doubt any of them imagining --
Bret Taylor: And I think the strength of our portfolio is the reason why we're committed to this path, why we're not pursuing material M&A in the near term. And I think it really reflects the execution of Gavin's team and really the whole company --
Gavin Patterson: Thanks, Bret. I would echo Marc and Bret on just how many remarkable customer success stories we saw in the quarter across all our full portfolio of products, industries and geographies. The dynamics we're seeing in customer engagement are absolutely fantastic. Just over the past few months, I've done more than 75 meetings with C-Suite executives, and the accessibility, that sense of urgency and interest from the highest levels of companies is incredible and shows no signs of slowing down. What's clear is there is a tremendous appetite for digital transformation, and we fully expect that to continue. In the Americas, we grew relationships with Accenture, Banco C6, Scotiabank State Farm, the State of Michigan's Department of Health and Human Services, U.S. Bank, Zoom and so many more. In EMEA, we continue to deepen our relationships with Airbus, CloudFactory and AlphaSights. And in APAC, we had significant wins with incredible organizations like Bank of Philippines, Panasonic Corporation and Hitachi. Health care also stood out with wins like Humana, IQVIA, Cecelia Health and Teladoc Health. Moderna is another one in that category. Their intent on becoming the first fully digital biotech company, embedding analytics, AI and automation across every step of their value chain. We are a key partner on that journey. With Health Cloud, Moderna will gain a more complete view of its customers. And with Einstein and Tableau CRM, they will be able to analyze data across all departments and use predictive analytics to make better decisions. And we continue to build our relationship with Sanofi where the CEO, Paul Hudson, and his team are already using Health Cloud and Service Cloud. In Q4, they added Consumer Goods Cloud Tableau CRM and Salesforce B2B Commerce, which will let them better engage with health care providers, patients and pharmacies around the world. This is another great example of our complete Customer 360 portfolio at work. We also grew our partnership with Mercedes-Benz in the quarter. They're using Salesforce to transform the way they engage with their customers. And as Mercedes becomes even more sustainable and reimagines their fleet for the electric future, they're relying on Customer 360 to unite their sales, service and marketing teams around a single shared view of each customer. Ralph Lauren is another great expansion. And I'm not just saying that because the CEO of Patrice Louvet, was my former boss at P&G. We're helping Ralph Lauren deepen its connection with its customers in both digital and physical setting, particularly as they expand into new regions. In fact, Commerce Cloud is helping grow their North American online sales by over 30% in the December quarter. And throughout the pandemic, Ralph Lauren has relied on Slack to keep their geographically distributed teams working together seamlessly from anywhere. 18 months ago, Australia's state of Victoria Department of Health selected Salesforce to deploy a COVID-19 contact tracing system. In Q4, Victoria tapped Salesforce to provide a technology foundation for managing the state's COVID response efforts. For example, Victoria is using MuleSoft to integrate information from various systems, detecting COVID cases as the virus moves between outbreaks and steady-state living, and has also deployed Marketing Cloud to enhance communications with citizens affected by the pandemic. These are just some of the highlights from an amazing quarter of customer success from anywhere. We are proud to have supported these and so many other companies and are grateful to all our customers for their continued trust. And as Marc and Bret said, our customers' success drives our financial success. I'm really grateful to be part of this management team, which I think has never been stronger or more aligned or even more committed to generating disciplined profitable growth at scale. Also, I want to thank our team for their outstanding execution for continuing to do such a great job in the midst of a massive global change. Amy, over to you to share the financial details of our quarter.
Gavin Patterson: Well, I' probably say 2 or 3 points, Bret. I mean, first and foremost, digital transformation has become a CEO priority. I mean this is one of the changes over the last 2 or 3 years. It's no longer delegated into the IT Department. It's a top 3 priority for the CEO, because they realize and we've talked about it already in the call, without a digital strategy, they don't have a strategy at all. So they have to own it. So it is a conversation that we tried is at the top of the house. I think when it comes to the Customer 360 and building on Bret's comment, what we often find is what they like about our Customer 360 is they'll start maybe with Sales Cloud and then at Service, at Analytics, at Commerce. And so they're building it as they go along. So they might not necessarily buy all of it to start with, but they know we've got a solution for them as they expand and want to get more of a complete view of their customers. And the example I gave at Sanofi is a great example of this. We started with Health Cloud and Service Cloud and then added Consumer Goods Cloud, Tableau CRM, B2B Commerce and filled out the cloud as they went through the last 12, 18 months. And then I think the final thing I'd say is industries is -- and the verticalization of our business is a theme that's been growing over the last few years. I mean it started a few years ago now, but -- and nothing we started with financial services, we've added Health Cloud, consumer goods, as I mentioned earlier, retail. The list goes on. And why do customers and why do CEOs like this? Well, they buy a product that has a lot of the standard functionality that you need within an industry already built in. And what that means is they pay a little bit more for that. It's a little bit more expensive. But in return, they get a product that's got faster time to value, and that is the key thing that CEOs are looking for. How do I get a return quickly? I want to return in months, not years. And that's what many of our industry cloud provide out of the box.
Gavin Patterson: Just to say, look, it was an outstanding year, and we kept it off with an outstanding quarter, but there is no sign of it slowing down as we enter this fiscal. We're very confident to the year ahead. The pipeline is really strong across all geographies, across all products, and that's why we're raising our guidance. So we're entering this year with a very high degree of conviction.
