Marc Benioff: I just want to say, at a high level, what I said in the script is the most important thing regarding the analytics cloud, which is that we have never seen faster uptake and faster traction when it comes to new product. And that gives us a level of incredible excitement. I’m sure if you downloaded the product or seen reviews on the app stores that you realize we had a huge breakthrough in our ability to enter a major new segment.  For those of you who look at the TAMs of these different markets, and understand how we actually enter a market, what we do is we look at, number one, what is the size of the market that we’re entering into? When we look at sales, it’s obviously a multibillion dollar market service platform, especially marketing is becoming that way. But analytics is already that way. Analytics, business intelligence, is one of the biggest, most exciting markets in the whole industry. This is not a CRM story. This is analytics for the rest of us, period. And we have the best analytics and business intelligence product on the planet, and we are going to market in a huge way, and I’d just like to ask Keith now to talk about the changes that he’s making to his organization to focus on this opportunity, some of the advancements he’s seen in the pipeline regarding analytics. It’s a super-exciting moment, and Keith can also talk to you about some of the deals he’s already closed in the third quarter.
Marc Benioff: First of all, we are pleased, absolutely, when we look at the operating margin progress just really year to date, and I think Q4 was a really nice step up here. You can see some efficiencies in G&A, and we had talked about, you know, I expect and will be planning and driving toward having G&A [indiscernible] 10% over time. We saw some nice efficiencies in other parts of the company. Don’t forget, when you go into Q4, as you get to the end of the year, you start to get to things like commissions and things of that nature that obviously have a bearing from that standpoint. We feel great about our recommitment to the 125 to 150 basis points for the year, and obviously we’re always driving to achieve and better. But that’s where we’re at on that. And then if there’s anything else, I’m happy to follow up on that. I guess also, as you look at FY16 in terms of margins, I think the thing to think about there is this is a period, as Marc teed up, we’re 15 months away from the end of FY16. We’re initiating guidance on the revenue side. We’ll be talking about margins in Q4, at the Q4 earnings call in February, so we’ll get into that for next year.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think starting with Pardot, I mean, it’s one of our heated success stories of the year. We’ve just had a phenomenal growth rate. It was the unpolished jewel inside the exact target, the ecosystem. We broke it off, and we run it separately, and we’ve invested in it very significantly. We’ve also integrated it into our core, and the leader of the unit has done just a phenomenal job. And I could not be happier with that. It’s run out of our Atlanta headquarters, and the team in Atlanta has just exceeded our expectations. I would also now kind of point to, today, just before World Tour, we had a press event and launched our new Social Studio. You saw the vision for this incredible new capabilities with all of our social products, not just our social advertising products, that you’ve seen at social.com, but the next generation of our social listening products, social publishing and social engagement platforms. The team has done a great job.  Today, that product is disintermediated from our core marketing platform, and you are correct in intuiting the next step is the social studio will become an integrated part of our marketing cloud, deeply integrated into the Journey Builder itself. And when that happens, I think you’re really going to see all of these assets come together in an incredible new way, as well as deep integration into our Salesforce1 platform. We’ve now owned the ExactTarget asset just a little more than a year, and it’s been a very exciting year. We’ve obviously created the next generation of the leadership team that has performed very, very well. We’ve also delivered a next generation of a structure where the product teams are deeply integrated with our core Salesforce product teams under our president, Alex Dayon. And distribution is run directly by Keith. So the functional integration has happened, the product integration is underway, and I think if you saw the demonstrations today, I’m sure you’d say that our products are state of the art, and I’m sure you can see from the financial numbers, we’re very excited about where we’ve gotten.  Acquisitions are hard. I can tell you that myself. We’ve done a couple dozen acquisitions in the last five years. They’re super high risk. Not all of them are successful. You aren’t able to bring the revenue forward and grow it in all acquisitions. In this case, you see the revenue growing in a significant way, and we have a lot of dreams and hopes for this cloud. What I’m excited about the marketing cloud is the macro view, is that our customers want from us a customer success platform, and you can’t deliver a customer success platform without a strong marketing component. We have that. We have a best of breed capability. So we’ve got the sales capability in the customer success platform, the service, the marketing, analytics, community, as well as with Heroku, the ability to build highly customized customer facing apps. It’s a very, very exciting moment for Salesforce with these six core clouds, all underway and all engaged.
Marc Benioff: Well, I would be happy to give you that, and it’s not that I don’t have that, I certainly do, but I am not going to do that, Heather, and I’ll tell you why, which is that in these new products, you’re never really completely sure what the next step is. You talk to my team, and they know I am super optimistic about what we’ve seen, not just in what we’ve developed, but what we’re seeing with customer traction. We have a few other things we want to deliver in the next six months for this product, which will, I think, blow everyone away. And I think I can start to make those predictions by, I would say, within one or two quarters of getting fully ramped. We have a big ACB number, which is our kind of first year contract value number, for this product, for this year, and if we deliver that number, then I’ll be happy to give you the billion dollar prediction.  Make no mistake, Heather, my goal is not just a billion dollars product line that we call [AOV] with the analytics cloud. It’s far beyond that. But I don’t want to get into specifics of when and how we’re going to be able to do that. Just know that I’m extremely optimistic about what is possible. And now Keith just needs to go out and sell it.
Marc Benioff: Yeah, let me take the first part, and I’ll shoot it over to Keith. You know, number one, you’ve seen us deliver now the first $3 billion cloud with sales, and you don’t have to go very far to put together the numbers that we now report with sales cloud to see that service cloud is probably not far behind. The exact timing of when that service cloud can get to that level, you’re going to have to do the model yourself. I have my model, you’ll have your model.  But there’s no doubt that service cloud has that kind of capability and more in it, and it’s pure potentiality at this point, and Keith is closing some terrific deals with service cloud, because really these other vendors have not delivered in the service area.  And by the way, before I move on to Keith, if you haven’t been tracking it, it’s not just service cloud on the high end, it’s also desk.com on the low end. And if you haven’t been to www.desk.com and given yourself an account and seen the huge traction on desk.com or seen what that team has done, we have got an incredible executive running desk.com and is doing a great job at the very, very, very low end of the market.  But let me have Keith talk about the mainstream, high end enterprise capability, with service cloud.
Marc Benioff: Before I get into that, let me just say that when we talk about service cloud, one of the reasons it’s so successful is there’s no technical separation between sales cloud and service cloud and the platform and community. That is, this is one code base, and of course we label it and market it, and we deliver it as different SKUs, but unlike other software companies, these are not like separate disks that you can get, this is one integrated service.  And of course marketing cloud is an acquisition that we are working to integrate into that core system, but that core kind of if you will it’s a monolithic code base with sales, service, community, and analytics is actually deeply integrated and is an extension of that core.  It’s kind of unprecedented. When we added Lightning in the service cloud, we added Lightning in the sales cloud, we added Lightning into community. When we add Salesforce1, we add it into each of those things simultaneously, because it’s the same code. And I really want to just point that out as one of the reasons that service cloud has had such an incredible success.  And if you look at service cloud against any other cloud company, that’s amazing in terms of its size. But also, if you look at our growth for next year, you might note that we’re going to grow more next year than I think the second largest enterprise cloud company in absolute numbers. That is, we will add another cloud company on just through our organic growth next year, which is kind of amazing. And I think it’s kind of lost by a lot of people, about what’s really happening right now with Salesforce. So it is a very exciting time.  In regards to September, when you see those transaction spikes, and many times it’s actually linked to fiscal quarters associated with our customers closing their quarters. So most companies are organized around fiscal quarters, calendar quarters, and so you will see a spike, for example, in September, like what you saw, because a lot of customer activity tends to happen around a quarter close, and that’s what happened probably at the end of the third fiscal quarter, which is, for most companies, the end of September, not for Salesforce, but for probably the majority of customers that we have on our system. So that probably answers your question. Anyway, I want to thank you so much. I want to congratulate Larry Baer and the San Francisco Giants for winning the World Series. I want to congratulate my team for delivering the first enterprise cloud company that’s giving $6.5 billion of guidance for a fiscal year, and I want to thank all of you for coming to the New York City event today, as well as for coming to Dreamforce. Okay? And thanks so much for attending the call.
Keith Block: Thanks, Marc. So let me just give some color commentary on this. So obviously as I said in the opening comments, this is a product that has been around for just a few short weeks. And already we’re starting to see, with some pretty large companies, interest in the product. We’ve already signed some customers.  So we’re very, very excited about the momentum, and as far as readiness for the organization, we’ve had our entire sales organization go through what we call a black belt process for training, so that they’re completely enabled and ready to engage with our customers around analytics.  We also have a specialized organization that focuses every day. They wake up every day and all they think about is how to deploy analytics with our customers to make them successful. And we’re seeing some interesting characteristics, and I’ll talk about opportunities. We don’t like to talk about pipeline, but we’re actually starting to see customers who are not Salesforce customers, who are interested in analytics, because they see how robust it is. So we’re very, very excited about the opportunity. It is an early release product, but we believe that there’s a lot of momentum and we’re off to a very strong start here. So we feel very good about it.
Keith Block: Yeah, listen, I will tell you again, there’s just tremendous momentum. Marc mentioned the ecosystem. We signed up nearly 50 partners in just a few short weeks, who have some pure interest. And they see the value that analytics cloud can provide their customers.  While Marc was talking about platform, just a thought. I mentioned that we are seeing some opportunities, companies that are interested, in analytics cloud that are not Salesforce customers. So it would be natural to expect that we would be able to sell analytics very nicely into our installed base. But if what we’re seeing trends out, we could actually be seeing a Trojan Horse, if you will, of analytics, into the non-Salesforce installed base, dragging our customer success platform. So the potential is very strong, and again, we’re in the early days, just to temper everybody’s enthusiasm. But our customers seem to be very enthusiastic, and we’re mobilizing the entire organization around making sure that we can drive our customer success. 
Keith Block: I appreciate the question. I will tell you that, you know, this is a great company, and the company is driven by an incredibly strong culture, and it’s a culture of innovation and continuous improvement. And I think we have to start there. And so to that point, our work is never going to be done, and we will always continue to do better and to innovate and continuously improve and experiment, and we’re not afraid to take risks here.  Obviously, they’re calculated risks and we’re smart about how we do things, but listen, we have said that there are three things that are important as we go to market. One is obviously to speak the language of industry. We think that’s very important, because when you speak to a bank, you need to understand the language of the bank, what the customer challenges are, and what the opportunities are, and how you can apply the customer success platform to that business problem. The second is to build up the largest ecosystem in the world, and that takes many forms, starting with SIs and boutiques and agencies which are key influencers, obviously. It’s also about ISVs, and we’re doing some terrific work with ISVs. We kind of revamped our ISV process. And then resellers for coverage. So that’s the second area. And then the third is our international expansion, and you can see the results already starting to happen, for example, in Asia Pac and Europe. And we continue to invest across the board in our distribution capacity, adding more AEs, more reps, more selling capacity, opening our data centers and expanding our partner networks. So this is an ongoing process. We’re obviously seeing traction over the last 12 months. So again, we’ll always, always be inspecting to see what we can optimize. 
Keith Block: So I would look at this in multiple dimensions. So number one is obviously equipping and arming our sales team so that when they’re in front of the customer, they are speaking the language of the customer. So we want to make sure that they’re enabled and ready and we’re giving them the right content. Number two is in certain markets - and we already have this today - organizing geographically by vertical. So for example in the broader market today, here in the United States, we have a financial services vertical sales team that wakes up every day and they call just on financial services accounts. And we also have the same thing for healthcare and life sciences. So that’s another access that you can look at. The third is actually developing product, creating product, that Salesforce builds organically, and you know, we have some announcements that we’ll be releasing soon, so we don’t want to get into that right now, but we will be in the position where in certain industries that are very, very important to us and strategic to us, we will be building out some product.  And then the last is cultivating this ISV community, our partner community, and that is super important. We signed an agreement with one ISV in the quarter that we consider to be very, very strategic, and it’s around really two industries. One is around telecommunications and the other one is around insurance. And they will continue to enhance and extend our footprint so that they have industry relevant apps on our customer success platform. 
Keith Block: You know, service cloud, I think, it’s a whole area that I think is very, very interesting, because it certainly is an area where companies want to go and have the opportunity to take on a major transformation, because as you know, many companies are always looking for that area to differentiate themselves, and service is certainly one. And more and more companies want to differentiate from their competition by improving their service in many, many ways. And a lot of that is leveraging our customer success platform.  And I could talk about Verizon, but Verizon probably doesn’t want me to get into too much detail, specifically, about how they’re leveraging the platform, because there may be some competitive advantage there. So I have to be sensitive to that.  But just generally speaking, we are finding significant interest from some major corporations to work with us and collaborate with us to extend and enhance our service cloud offering, which gives you an indication of the interest that they’re looking to work with us on. So I think that’s very, very existing.  We also have some companies that have gone on record. I mean, if you talk to GE, they talk about transforming into a service company, and certainly they want to do that with our assistance by leveraging, again, our customer success platforms.  Suffice it to say, it is a major transformational opportunity for a lot of enterprise organizations, and the great news is that they want to talk to us, and they’re working very closely with us to make that happen. 
