Brian Millham: Yes, Marc, I appreciate it, and certainly don't want to contradict anything that you said, but -- I just --
Brian Millham: Yes, agreed, Mark, I really believe that being together drives more learning, better collaboration, better networking and better enablement. We have a broad portfolio of products and we saw through the pandemic that we -- there's a lot to learn around the way that we're positioning our products, new organic products coming out, acquisitions that we're positioning our Customer 360 -- to our customers. And so I really like people coming back in the office. I like that connection that we have to one another, I think, it’s part of our culture and how we operate, I've asked my team recently to spend more time in the office. But importantly, I've also asked them to spend more time in front of our customers. It's a big differentiation for us, when we're out talking to our customers and driving the success that they expect from us. And so I want to drive higher productivity and the performance culture and one of the ways, I want to do that to ensure that we're spending more time together, whether that's in the office or out in front of our customers.
Brian Millham: Thanks, Raimo, for the question and really appreciate it. Certainly, the buyer environment has changed out there in the market. It's become more measured. But our platform is still mission critical to every one of our customers out there, and we're seeing that play out in the demand environment. The pipeline that we're creating is very healthy in the market right now. The interest in our customers C360 platform remains very high. We've repositioned our products and our selling teams to sell not just to the CEO, but to the CFO, actually across the entire C-suite. We want to make sure that we're covering off everybody that could potentially say yes or no to a buying process. We're going to focus on what we can control. We have plenty of capacity in the market right now. We have lots of AEs that we've hired over the past couple of years. And we want to make sure that we're doing the things that we can to continue to grow market share across the entire portfolio. We continue to see multi-cloud expansion. You mentioned that. We think we have a huge opportunity to continue to sell to our existing customers, more of the products that are in our portfolio, both inorganic and the acquired companies that we have. And so we still see a big opportunity for us to spend a lot of time with our customers, selling the entire product portfolio. And the size of our selling base, the customers that we have still a very big opportunity for us to expand our TAM and execute on our growth strategies.
Brian Millham: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think starting with the ones that are hanging in there better. Travel and hospitality was a strength for us in the quarter. Our manufacturing industry really bounced back this quarter and was very good. Automotive was very strong for us in the quarter, and energy was also quite strong. On the other side, we felt a little bit of pressure on our tech industry right now and great relationships and big customers there, but that's an industry that we did not see acceleration in the quarter. And some of the other industries were sort of flat. Financial Services as an example, was relatively flat in the quarter. And so one of the strengths that we did have, though, I will say, is our industry clouds. And the more investment we make in our industry cloud, we're seeing acceleration there, very good growth in the quarter as we invest in those products, we're seeing great penetration. We're seeing higher close rates. We're also seeing better retention rates, which is obviously very important to us as we think about the customer success of our base. we're able to get deals done faster speaking to customers' language and showing up with products that match up to their requirements very well. And I'm sorry I missed the other part of your question, if you wouldn't mind repeating it.
Brian Millham: Yes. And I think as Marc mentioned earlier in his commentary about some of the products that get cut early in a downturn, marketing spend would be one that we see impacted fairly early on marketing automation. CEOs make quick action, and that's a quick action, and that's a quick place to sort of pull back on marketing. We did see less expansion on sales and service in the quarter on incremental users as our customers started to maybe do a little less hiring. Maybe they paused hiring we saw less expansion on the Sales Cloud users and Service Cloud users. And certainly, Commerce has been one where we had a great run up over the past couple of years during the pandemic, and we've seen a bit of a slowdown on Commerce. And so those would be a couple of examples of some of the products that are seeing a bit of headwinds in these times.
Brian Millham: There's been kind of interesting anecdote there around commerce. In our Commerce Cloud, obviously, we have blowout numbers in Cyber Week despite lapping the pandemic, but it was interesting, commerce page views were up 14%, but commerce orders were only up 2%. So you can see not only our customers' impact, but even the consumer behaviors becoming more measured, and we're obviously a B2B company, but all consumer companies are seeing this right now and sort of doing more or less and a lot of people browsing for products and buying a little bit less than they did last year, which I thought was very interesting.
Brian Millham: Amy, thank you. I appreciate it. I'll quickly address it. Thank you, Sarah, for the question. First of all, I think it's part of our heritage, our DNA, as a customer success is the core value of ours, and we own it across the entire company. So it's not just the success teams with services teams that the entire organization from product to our financial teams. Everyone owns customer success. We've made some investments in the way that we go to market touching our customers more frequently from a success perspective, and the motions that we're running. As I mentioned earlier, customers from the industry cloud perspective, where we're seeing better adoption rates there and better usage. We've also made some strategic investments in our own services organization alongside a great ecosystem of partners as well that are driving better implementations upfront, faster time to value for our customers and better results from a customer success perspective. And some of the motions that we're running that are new, great leadership under a gentleman named Jim Roth, who's running our success organization; Lori Steele, who joined us to run our services organization; and now has turned over the reins to Mark Wakelin, doing great work with our customers, very oriented to speed to value and ensuring they're getting tremendous customer success on our platform.
Marc Benioff: Yes. Thank you Brad for the question, because I think it's probably what's on my mind every day. And first, before I go to the question, I want to go back to Raimo, and Raimo, I want to tell you that our thoughts and prayers are with your CEO for a full recovery, and we're so sorry to hear about his diagnosis, and Barclays is such an important partner of ours, but your CEO is so fantastic and we're thinking of him every single moment right now. So Brad, you're right. We are in a moment here were one of our goals, strong goals, as you can see by these results is to increase our operating margin. And we're not going to do anything that's going to prevent that increased momentum. And as a shareholder myself, that's my thought every single day. We also realize we want to reduce dilution. That's also why we're doing our stock buyback. And we've talked about that extensively. It's been extremely important. I think that we bought back a considerable amount of stock during the quarter that we, I think, set a goal that we're going to buy back about $10 billion. And I think that we have bought back an extensive amount I think, over $1 billion in the quarter.
Marc Benioff: So I think that's extremely important as an action. So reducing dilution is very important to us, an increase in our operating margin is very important to us, increasing our profitability, but this is a massive opportunity. Every company is going through a digital transformation. You and I both know very well, it's all begins and ends with the customer, and that's why we're closing these incredible transactions globally. At the same time, you know that there's all kinds of opportunities out there, but it has to be balanced and we have to weigh those. And I think some of the transactions that we were able to do in the past, when we're a smaller company, a more tactical company or maybe some more from the hit from an acquisition perspective, and I think we've done, I don't know, Amy, would you say more than 60 transactions or more.
Marc Benioff: So as we do even the smallest transaction to the largest, it has a different frame and a different calculation. Look, it's one of the reasons why we recruited Mike to the company. He had the background, and you all know Mike from Microsoft, because we wanted that kind of financial discipline. Amy and I talked about it very closely. As she came in, we spent a lot of time thinking about who we would recruit and as we identified somebody who could guide us specifically in that area, we picked Mike, and this was important. And we've also made other major changes to Amy's team so that she had the best A-team possible. And now when we look at this going forward, we want to do it all. We want to continue to grow revenue, we want to continue to grow our operating margin and we want to look at strategic opportunities. But we're not going to do that at the expense of our operating margin. We're going to continue to grow it. And I think you know at Investor Day, we said that, we have the short-term goal of 25 points. But I think that the reality is, is that we like to feed our targets, and we're not going to get crazy with you on this call, but we're doing everything we can to make these numbers go up, and we will continue to do that in all these areas that you see and you know the company, as well as anybody who's been inside and outside this company, you know every single part of it. You know that we have lots of opportunities, lots of levers, lots of things that we can do. I think that you also watched us very closely through 2008 and 2009. And you can see how we acted then to increase operating margin, and we are going to continue to do everything we can to make this the best company possible, best numbers and also the highest values in the industry and be an example for others as well.
