Gavin Patterson: Thanks, Bret, and thank you, everyone, for being on the call today. I want to start by talking about the strong demand environment we're in. As Bret and Marc said, even in this volatile environment, companies are continuing to invest in their digital transformations, and we're seeing that in our strong pipeline and momentum in the business. I've been on the road this quarter across the U.S., Europe, Asia and most recently in Davos. And in all my conversations, there is a real sense of urgency with our customers. In this new or digital work-from-anywhere world, our customers need to create incredible customer experiences across every interaction to stay competitive. And at the same time, they need to realize productivity gains, efficiencies and resilience from their technology investments. That's why they're turning to Salesforce as their trusted digital advisors and to the Customer 360 as their digital platform. We're seeing this play out in the growth of transformational deals, customers making longer-term multi-cloud investments in Salesforce. These Customer 360 transformation deals with 5 or more clouds grew 21% year-over-year in the quarter. We again saw strong growth in every region. In the Americas, we grew relationships with Brightspeed, Blue Shield of California, [SHA Hotels], Workday, Covered California and Ferguson, a $23 billion distributor of plumbing and heating products. Looking at Ferguson a little more detail, Ferguson has been able to grow its sales during the heart of the supply chain challenges using Customer 360 to give them a single view of their supplier, associate and customer relationships. And in the quarter, Ferguson significantly expanded its relationship with our professional services organization. In EMEA, we had significant wins with Lookers Motor Group, Esprit and one of the largest telecom and media companies in France. They're standardizing on Salesforce to not only speed their time to market and reduce IT costs but also to deliver an amazing digital first, front-end experience for their 45 million subscribers. As I mentioned, we had a great win in the UK with Lookers Motor Group. With the Customer 360, Lookers has a single unified platform, driving efficiency within their dealerships and contact centers and improving the overall car buying experience for their customers. Turning to APAC. We continue to deepen our relationships with amazing brands like Kotak Mahindra Bank, LG and NTT, which is also a great Tableau and MuleSoft win. In LatAm, we had a significant win with Serasa Experian. They chose Salesforce Marketing Cloud to improve engagement with our current and prospective customers and to increase marketing efficiency. Formula 1 is watched by 1.5 billion viewers. And today, they're using Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Service Cloud and Sales Cloud to attract new fans, increase fan engagement and convert that fan engagement into brand value and revenue. Salesforce will help Formula 1 leverage customer insights across every channel, both physical and nonphysical and create an end-to-end fan experience strategy powered by an integrated platform, and our professional services team will help to manage their technology and implementation. In the quarter, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration within the U.S. Department of Commerce selected Salesforce to support the administration of the $48 billion from broadband grants to state territories, tribal entities and other eligible applicants to create more low-cost broadband service options and to address digital quality and inclusion needs across U.S. communities. And to wrap it up, DoorDash has grown tremendously since the pandemic. They fulfilled more than 400 million orders in the last quarter alone and as a mobile-first business growing at an incredible rate, DoorDash turned to Salesforce to improve the customer experience and to respond to issues in real time for its hundreds of thousands of merchants, customers and dashes. They also selected Sales Cloud and MuleSoft to enable them to bring in new merchants on faster and more efficiently. These are just a few examples from our strong quarter, and we're grateful for customers' continued partnership and trust.  Amy, over to you to discuss the financial details of the quarter.
Gavin Patterson: Well, I think in this type of environment, the key word is relevance. Listening to your customers, understanding what the challenge -- the specific challenges they are facing and making sure that you tailor the approach to that. So in many cases, Sales Cloud is the right lead, particularly with new business and new customers. Other customers is right to go with -- to lead with Service Cloud and use that as a way of taking cost out of the business and we've used both. And then we have customers who -- as I said in my comments earlier, who were taking the Customer 360, our multi-cloud take up this quarter is very strong, up 21% with customers taking 5 or more clouds. So I think it's about listening to the customer, it's about being relevant, understanding that actually we're going through a period now where productivity and transformation is more important than the last few quarters and making sure that we tailor our messages accordingly.
Gavin Patterson: I'll take that one. Look, what you've seen is a very strong quarter across the board, sales service marketing cloud, all posted great numbers. Every region posted great numbers, 21% up in the U.S., 33% in EMEA, 24% in APAC. So we had a strong quarter, we've got good momentum. And as I look forward, the pipeline looks really strong for the rest of the year. So we are cognizant of the environment we're operating in. But at the moment, we don't see that impacting our numbers. But we're vigilant at all times. If there is a consolidation of vendors with our customers, I think we're extremely well placed. We are the only ones with the Customer 360. There's nobody else in the market who is able to offer the full suite of clouds. And if that is the case, and customers choose to continue to move more of their business to it, we'll welcome it with both arms. And I think you saw some great examples of it in the quarter. The Formula 1 example we've been talking about is a great example of that, taking multiple clouds from us across sales, service and marketing. I love the ADT example as well. [Maria Black] there is doing an incredible job at driving the business and creating much more intimate customer relationships. And that's all around the Customer 360 and a consolidation of business from other vendors towards Salesforce is part of that story. So whether it's a single cloud sale, whether it's the Customer 360, we're very well placed, I think, to take full advantage of that.
Gavin Patterson: Yes. I mean what I heard from customers last week and more generally, I think we're just more important to our customers than we were in previous cycles. We've got a more strategic relationship that is more of a trusted advisor. And I think that's because we have a full suite of cloud and a full Customer 360 solution that can solve multiple problems for them. So if their issue is growth, we've got a solution that will allow them to drive growth. If it's about productivity and cost transformation and efficiency, we've got the right combination for that as well. So it's about relevance, and we heard this time and time again that increasingly the digital transformation agenda that the narrative around it is not running out of steam in spite of concerns about the environment. It's becoming more -- I think even more important, and we're better placed than any other company to help our customers through that.
Bret Taylor: Yes. We're really excited about Sales Cloud growth. Not only did it grow 18% year-over-year in the quarter, but in constant currency grew 20%, which I think is symbolic threshold or as you said, the product that Marc and Parker built 23 years ago, it is still as relevant today as it ever has been. I think, first and foremost, it speaks to our innovation strategy and the organic innovation coming from our engineering teams at the company. This is an example, late last year, we introduced Revenue Intelligence, which is a deep integration between Tableau and our Sales Cloud that enables sales teams to enable every rep to be more efficient to collect cash faster, to boost growth and really bringing together this entire Customer 360 portfolio to give our customers not only a chance to reimagine their Sales Cloud implementations, but make sales that are relevant to an even broader range of customers. So we're really excited about our innovation strategy. When you look at some of the wins that we've talked about in this quarter like ADT or DoorDash, you think about this next generation of selling in this era of flexible work, there's always an opportunity for our customers to reimagine their approach to sales and Sales Cloud continues to be the most innovative platform for opportunity management and lead management. So we are excited about our market-leading position. And also, I just want to say congratulations to the engineering teams, who are continuing to teach an old dog new tricks, and continue to innovate on what is, I think, really the world's leading CRM platform. Amy, talk about operating margin.
Bret Taylor: Well, it's a great question. As I think about our innovation, it's really that all of our clouds work together in a complementary way. Sales and service complement each other, sales, service, digital market and e-commerce, complement each other because it really represents the entire front office. And when I think about our acquisitions like MuleSoft, Tableau and Slack, they really amplify our value proposition for Customer 360. Tableau helps all of our customers see and understand their data, which is more relevant than ever before as every interaction becomes digital. MuleSoft enables our customers to integrate all of their legacy and back office systems to Salesforce and really create a strategic platform that accelerates our digital transformation. And Slack, as Gavin and Marc and I heard in Davos last week, is relevant in every single conversation because every single one of our customers is deciding how do they succeed in this new era of flexible work, because every single, particularly office worker, isn't coming back to the office 5 days a week. But it's really not an either-or question because Slack makes the entire Customer 360 more relevant. In fact, one of the things I'm most excited about from this past quarter is we shift a lot of the integrations between Customer 360 and Slack, whether it's team selling and account management in our Sales Cloud or case warming in our Service Cloud, it's actually one of the solutions that DoorDash uses with their Service Cloud deployment, really using our Slack to amplify their investment in our Service Cloud and they succeed in this new era, where their workforce is working from anywhere. So really excited to not only invest in Slack as a standalone platform, which is just incredible. But I'm just excited with how much more relevant our Customer 360 value proposition is now that Slack is in the building. I think it's going to be one of the best acquisitions we ever did, and it really makes every customer conversation more relevant in this new era of flexible work.
Bret Taylor: Well, you put it well. I had a privilege of having about 30 one-on-one CEO conversations in Davos, CEOs from different regions around the world, different industries. And it was really pleasantly surprised to just hear how much customers are leaning into their digital investments. Some like the consumer goods companies have been really impacted by both the supply chain and inflation, and we're really focused on how to invest in digital technologies to take down some of their costs to absorb some of that and avoid price increases. And then some other businesses, I talked to the CEO of a beauty company has seen increased demand as we all leave the house for the first time in the past couple of years and was really focused on growth. But the theme in all of them was whether you're investing in digital technology to connect with your customers or investing in digital technology to drive productivity, we continue to be one of the most strategic vendors and the trusted digital advisor all of these CEOs across every industry. So I read the same headlines as everyone else, and I'm cognizant of the volatility in the economy. And as Gavin said, we're just focused on being relevant being the most trusted digital advisor to each of our customers. And as Marc said, we believe that if we form those trusted relationships, especially in times where our customers need that resilience, and need that from us, we will come out of these gaining market share and gaining trust with our customers.
Bret Taylor: Thank you. That's a great question. Service continues to be the anchor tenant of our Customer 360 for our largest customers, particularly our long-standing customers like State Farm. And what I've heard from our customers, I think, is really reflected in our product strategy, which is really the completeness of our service portfolio. Customers like State Farm, the reason they expanded in Q1 is because they expanded with Field Service. And we do field service, we do ticketing, we do contact centers, we do digital service, self-service and chat box. And when you think about your customer interactions and you particularly think about this volatile economic environment, that portfolio not only helps you increase customer satisfaction, but do so in a way that reduces costs. I love that ADT example I gave in the script because it was an example when ADT managed to do 200,000 virtual service visits and avoid sending out trucks 80% of the time, their customers were happier and they reduce costs. And the reason we can do that is because we have the most complete service portfolio in the market. So we're really excited about that. I'm excited again, it goes back to our strategy of organic innovation. And as Gavin said, the completeness of our product portfolio, in particular, as our customers look to consolidate vendors, the fact that we can really be the entire front office for our customers is incredibly differentiated. And our Customer 360 portfolio continues to be one of the main reasons why our customers choose our product offerings.
Amy Weaver: Sure. I'd love to. So, hi, Keith, thanks for the question. As you noted, I really am very, very pleased about the raise on our operating margin up to 20.4% for this fiscal year. This is not the result of any single change. It's really driven by disciplined decision-making and trying to really unlock incremental efficiencies across the entire business. We've asked each leader to step up to really look across their business and to strategically prioritize their investments. And this is really to make sure that we're getting the highest return for every dollar that we invest. You asked about hiring, again, as a result, we're going to continue to hire, we are hiring. But we're doing it in a much more measured pace, and we're focusing the majority of our new hires on roles that will support customer success and the execution of our top priorities. This focus on margin, this is really over the long term, and we are all committed that this is going to make us a stronger company. But I do want to reiterate, this is not just a finance-led initiative. This focus on discipline is being applied across our entire organization. This is supported by Marc, by Bret, by Gavin and truly by our entire leadership team.
Amy Weaver: Great. Kirk, I'll take the second part of your question here on the guide. Look, we feel good about what we're seeing. And you've heard that from Marc, from Gavin, from Bret, to put about our pipeline. But we're mindful of the uncertain macroenvironment, and that includes continuing FX volatility. And so I believe that our guidance is appropriately conservative under the circumstances.
Amy Weaver: Brad, thanks for the question. As you know, historically, we've not done buybacks, but I will tell you that, as a company, we are always looking at our capital allocation strategy. Our Board consistently looks at this on a quarterly basis, and it's really to assess the best use of cash. Right now, our overall focus is on strengthening our balance sheet to really capitalize on all of the opportunities in front of us.
Amy Weaver: No, I think you've got it, Marc. Right now, large-scale M&A is not part of our current plans. Obviously, we're opportunistic as all strategic tech companies are, and I never say never, but that is just not something that's on our current radar screen.
Amy Weaver: Davos is something. It's -- there's no other opportunity to connect with hundreds of customers across there. One of the things I really heard was a focus on efficiency. And companies are looking for partnerships and looking for companies like Salesforce that can help them both grow and become more efficient as they do it. So it was an incredible week and a great opportunity.
Amy Weaver: Kash, to follow up on your question on cash flow. For cash flow, our philosophy is that our OCF and FCF should increase faster than revenue as we're increasing our operating margin, which we are. In terms of confidence levels, both on the cash and the operating margin, much of this comes back to the focus on disciplined growth. This is not a passing fad. I'm a huge believer that constraints make for a stronger and more innovative company. And this is the focus across every part of the company. So when my confidence comes from is really seeing all of our leaders at Salesforce stepping up to this challenge in meeting us.
Marc Benioff: Yes. And I would add also kind of the relationships matter and that talked about F1 and Gavin was in Monaco over the weekend and Stefano Domenicali, who is the CEO of F1 was our customer at Lamborghini. And of course, we work closely with him and the whole Volkswagen management team. And when they're looking at this current environment, when F1 is looking at the environment, everybody is going to have a slightly different take. So it's nice to have those high-quality relationships at times like this.
Marc Benioff: Yes. I would add, I think that one of the highlights in the quarter was Goodyear. Rich Kramer, someone who we've built a really great relationship with over a number of years, they deployed a number of our different products. Now they're deploying our Commerce Cloud. And it's a great example by having a full suite of products and also by augmenting those products with our acquisition strategy over the last few years, we really have just a tremendous opportunity with every single customer to extend and expand and land and go and -- this is just a moment where I think that there will be some consolidation with vendors, and they'll rely on the vendors that they have the most trusted relationships with.
Marc Benioff: Yes. One of the customers I met with in Davos, State Farm, I think about the huge journey that we've made with them. Michael Tipsord, the CEO and of course, Keith Block, our good friend is on their Board now. But I'm excited because they're expanding with our field service product. And that product didn't even exist when we first signed our agreement with them. But Customer 360 continues to expand for them. They're able to take their single source of truth and bring it to new use cases. And I think that that's something that I'm really excited about as we expand with all of these customers. Thank you very much for this great question.
Marc Benioff: Evan, I want to congratulate you on 2 great years in IR. And we couldn't be more excited for you. So let's end this the way we started it with some big props and congratulations for you.
