Bret Taylor: Yeah, thanks, Mark. I mean, I think you really contextualized it well. I mean, fundamentally, we really see the world as fundamentally having shifted this year. We're entering into this all-digital work anywhere world, and every executive that I talked to, and every industry is doing this not as something temporary, but really a moment that accelerated the digitization of the economy. Consumer goods have gone from, you know, retailers to direct consumer. Medical care has gone from doctor’s offices to Telehealth. Retail has gone from brick-and-mortar to curbside pickup. Marketing, as Marc mentioned, this last weekend is a perfect indication of this. We saw mobile push mode notifications go up 131%. We saw SMS grow 171%. Behind all of this is fundamental shifts in the way we work, fundamental consumer behaviors and fundamental changes in behaviors and every interaction. And I think we really view Slack as really the system of engagement for every employee, for every partner, and for every customer interaction. And I think in this all-digital work anywhere world, when you think what does it mean to be successful in sales, what does it mean to be successful in customer service and marketing, e-commerce, it really is about facilitating this all-digital, work-from-anywhere world to enable team selling, to enable people in a contact center to swarm on a case digitally whether or not you're in the same building, to enable marketers to plan a campaign, to enable merchandisers to plan what goes on the front page of a commerce app or a commerce website. . And, you know, we've been using this phrase, really, this is the operating system for the new way to work. And you know, our customers are coming to us now recognizing that because the economy has shifted so dramatically so quickly, they're pivoting from saying, “how do we respond to the crisis, how do we grow, and how do we thrive in this new normal?” And we fundamentally think this combination is that operating system for growth for every company in the world.
Bret Taylor: Yeah, I'm happy to take this Mark as you said. You know, I think our philosophy is very similar to our philosophy with MuleSoft and Tableau, which is number one, starting with our mutual customers and starting for, how can we, you know, help every one of our customers benefit from the combination of these two technologies, without really recognizing that Slack, you know, fundamentally, if you look at the happiest customers who use Slack, it is really the central nervous system for their company. And that's really connecting every single application at their company, not just applications from Salesforce. So that really means bounce in making sure you know, Slack has an independent brand and continues to serve every single company and integrates with every single system as your company, while also making sure that it really achieves the vision that Mark talked about, which is, it really becomes sort of the user interface to the Customer 360. It helps all of our customers be successful as they try to create a single source of truth for the customer data. I'm really happy with this strategy. It's really been effective with our integration with companies like MuleSoft and Tableau that have continued to thrive. And, you know, continue to be technology agnostic, while also becoming really integrated part of our value proposition to our customers.
Bret Taylor: Yeah, you know, you know, Marc, when I think about the opportunity for our customers, I just – every single customer engagement I've been involved with could benefit from this capability. You know this past quarter, one of the customers I had the privilege of working with is Ferguson, which is the largest wholesale distributor of commercial and residential plumbing suppliers. And this is a classic Customer 360 relationship where their CEO, Kevin Murphy and their CIO, Mike Sajor were really trying to connect everything from B2B and B2C commerce to customer service to their platform.  And when I think about the vision of that, you know that company and I think about the opportunity to come into these, you know, these companies going through this digital transformation and trying to really say, how do we build the perfect digitally augmented experience and customers, this is the ultimate system of engagement. This is the ultimate way you can connect every employee, the ultimate way you can work with your B2B partners most of that way that you can transform your teams working on, you know B2C customer engagement.  And, you know, I think that's when we look at the opportunity for our customers. So, we look at the opportunity for Slack customers. We really think that bringing these things together gives us such a complete value proposition. I think it's really exciting.
Bret Taylor: Yes, thank you for your question. I’ll start on the – just talking a little bit about why it’s important and why it’s valuable for our customers for this to be a part of our portfolio. The journey that we’ve been on over the past decade is really going from a company with a single value proposition around sales automation, so really – it’s vision for Customer 360. They can connect sales, service, marketing, e-commerce, analytics platform. And when you look at all of our largest deals, our happiest customers, our healthiest customers with lowest attrition, they’re not just using one of our products, they are really using this entire platform to get the single source of truth for their customers. And we see this incredible vision as Marc said, it’s been something we’ve been working at and thinking about for a long time, well before I even joined this company about how do you connect all of these experiences? How do you actually create a seamless customer experience team, customer service and marketing, which every single retailer in the world was worried about this past weekend? How [do B2B] companies? So, I’m really focused on not just selling, but customer success, which is really connecting the entire Customer 360. And when we talked about Slack really becoming and the user interface for the Customer 360, this is what we mean. I really think this is a way of delivering that vision to our customers and for them to deliver – our customers to deliver a vision to their partners and their customers through technologies like Slack Connect is really, really meaningful and really, really unique. And I think it captures candidly the new way that most of our customers think about their customer relationships. It’s not siloed by department anymore. It’s really end-to-end journey and to really achieve that we think that Slack is a tool that facilitates that in a really unique way and really help accelerate our customers, who are going through this transformation. And Marc I’m not sure if you want to comment a bit on your comments from last earnings call just to offer my perspective. We’ve been clear consistently that when we look at our M&A strategy and our inorganic acquisition strategy, it’s fundamentally, we have to be opportunistic. We have to make sure that we respond to unique conditions from our customers in the market. And this year, if anything else, it’s been hard to predict and this is an opportunity that we saw as we’ve talked a lot about this shift in the economy, the relevance of Slack to our customer base that has obviously dramatically increased over the course of the year. So, I do think that we – the market is very unusual this year, but we have to make sure that we as a company a beginner’s mind about where innovation can come from and recognize that we have to take timing what is available to us as we evaluate these inorganic opportunities.
Marc Benioff: Yes, I would like to address that which is that, I think what’s very exciting is, this vision that Stuart and Bret have put together. And I think that when I look back in the [indiscernible], I don’t think I could have ever imagine any acquisitions happening this year or in this pandemic or in this all digital environment, we are just, kind of, grout forcing it right through where we’re making as many sales calls as we can and we’re collaborating very deeply as a company and all of a sudden Bret and Stuart coming together and say, yes, we can do this. And when we look at the result in vision, it’s a wow. It’s like something that we could have never imagined. And when we look at acquisitions today, we do have a little bit of a swagger, of course we’ve done probably over 60 deals, small, medium, and very large. On the whole, our transactions have been extremely successful. And when we look at our very large transactions especially ExactTarget, Tableau we look at how or what we’ve learned our ability to integrate companies to make one plus one equals three. We look at this and we say, wow, this is a game changer and we know how to pull it off. And we have a lot of our former executives for example at Slack already. So, we know a lot of those players. We work so deeply with the company both in a business development perspective, but just because they are our neighbor and we’re like, oh boy, the value that we can bring to customers is much stronger as one company than is two. And when you look at the difference in partnering versus owning it really means that we’re able to do things with our technology that we just could not do as partners and that’s the demos, the visions that Bret and Stuart had put together and look, when they presented this to me, I was sold and I am sold and I can’t wait to get out on the road and present it to customers because I know that they are going to be absolutely blown away about what this looks like for them.
Marc Benioff: Well, it’s a good question. And let me kind of – I’ll tell you in two stories, but the first story is, we started out this year. I think everyone remembers we went through a very dramatic transformation in our management team. Keith decided to retire, which I fully supported and we knew that we were going to go through a big shift in distribution strategy. Our team members themselves and what we didn’t have written in the back was the global pandemic. So, all of a sudden in the first quarter, what was happening at Salesforce was distribution transformation and global pandemic and that shook our confidence. You might remember that, I also said pipelines appear to be really strong. So, even though in the middle of the quarter we went into global lock down in March and April, we think we’re going to come out pretty strong and we were very fortunate starting in the second quarter with number one, on-boarding a fantastic new CRO, Gavin Patterson, former Chief Executive Officer, VP, who was working with us, who I’ve known for so many years and coming in as our CRO and our President, taking his position, which he was doing so much with us already, but then really leading our global distribution operation and then we rebuilt our entire distribution management team as part of that, and we delivered the second quarter, which was our record quarter, we had phenomenal bookings, margins, revenues, cash flow across the board. And then the second quarter turned to third quarter, we are happy to talk about an unbelievable quarter. I mean, it was just remarkable, the performance of the company. I would never have imagined it – us in February and March when this started. Now, I’m like, wow, it gave me a lot more confidence in where we’re going, Now when we look at the fourth quarter, which pipelines, we have tremendous outlooks and we feel very good about our ability to succeed, you know, with [indiscernible] architect with Dreamforce. That’s going incredibly well and we look at next year and we’re like wow we’ve never been more competitive. We’ve never been able to succeed more aggressively with our customers. We have solutions that are not only horizontal, but vertical. We’re strong in every one of our key categories from sales to service, to marketing, to commerce, to platform, to analytics, to integration, we’re able to deliver tremendous value. When I look at what we’ve done with key customers and I mentioned AT&T in the last call. So, when I look at what we’ve done with their management team, with their competitiveness, with the results that they’re getting, it just gives us a lot of, I would say, a gratitude in our ability to transform a company like that or any company and world – and we do it worldwide. And then when we bring in Slack, well, you know with these acquisitions, you never know exactly when they’re going to happen and we couldn’t – didn’t know when Tableau was going to happen. Of course, we always loved Adam and Christian before that, we didn’t know when ExactTarget was going to happen, we always loved Scott and we didn’t know when Stewart and Slack would happen, and when the moment – and the opportunity arises you have to look and ask yourself, are you strong? Can you do something like this or are you weak, or is it a moment where you just don’t have the swagger? And let’s face it, look at these numbers, so we just delivered Salesforce has never been stronger, never been more capable, it’s never had a more competitive position, it’s never been able to execute more acuity. Look at the IDC numbers, I don’t have to go through them in sales and service and marketing across the board. They’re very, very impressive and when we’ve gone up against tough competitors we have done just fine, and I think that we bring a lot of value to Slack right now at their size, as you know they’re going basically entering from the $1 billion to $2 billion phase, which I know extremely well and this is a moment where we can offer a lot of value. We’ve been there, we’ve lived that life, and we’re going to come in and we’re going to help them not just be successful doing it, we’re going to help them to just redefine the entire industry. And that dream and that vision that Bret and Stuart have is really unlike anything I’ve ever seen of any company or any product anywhere and when you see it all laid out you will just be blown away. I mean, I was and I have a lot of confidence that you will be as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that we can say now with delivering this guidance of [21.1] and looking at next year as well, Gavin, I just want to thank you, because I don’t think there is a more successful sales executive in enterprise software certainly at the size and scale that we’re operating in than you are and your leverage, your experience as a Chief Executive Officer is a very large 100,000 person company [BT]. I mean, you’ve done a phenomenal job. So, thank you.
