Marc Benioff: Well, I think the most exciting thing that's happening this week certainly is the Facebook IPO tomorrow, and there's a couple of exciting things about Facebook. Number one is that we've just never seen an application -- a complex application of this size, this scale with a 1 billion registered users, 1/2 of them will log in every day. And you just have to take a step back and just say, "Wow!" in terms of adoption. And the new user interface models that have been created there like the feed, the status update, profiles, groups, I mean, we've been talking about this now for some time in our various forums. And I'm number one just in all of that. Number two, you just see the level of interactivity between users is really just awe-inspiring, and we've really adopted as fast as we can those user interface models into our own business and then brought them, of course, to the mobile platforms, brought them into the social platforms with Salesforce Chatter and into our core business, which is our Sales Cloud or Service Cloud, our marketing cloud and our social enterprise platform built on Chatter. And you've seen -- if you go to trust.salesforce.com, our transaction volumes have just been really awesome. I mean, you -- we're just anticipating this first billion-transaction day at salesforce.com. You can see days this week that where we've hit 800 million transactions. I mean, that's just awesome. And the question will be, "When we are going to have 1 billion transactions a day?" And I think you probably can see that those are happening faster than ever before at between 210 and 240 milliseconds per transaction. That's usage, that's growth, that's adoption. And that's what we're focused on, and the only reason we're successful at salesforce is because our customers are successful. And that's what we focus on every day. Is the customer successful? That's our #1 value in our company, the trust that we have with our customer in making them success. And after that, it's really all about creating that Customer for Life experience, where they're bringing their data, their business process into our services. And then, of course, it's the day-in and day-out execution of our business that you've seen now as we've delivered. Next month will be, I think, our 8 years as a public company since we went public in I think it was June 2004, right? So I mean, it's been consistent levels of execution, and those are really the things that we focused on. And I think it's -- we'll continue to focus on those things, and that will create the success. And the companies maybe who have come before us and have not been as successful as we have been, I think it's mainly they just weren't focused on the customer success at the end of the day. And I know that seems quite basic, but there's different ways to running a company and different motives, and that's ours.
Marc Benioff: Well, it's -- I think we've been talking about this now for a few years in terms of how excited we are about Service Cloud and how much we've invested, and it's turned into a massive business for us and far exceeded all of our expectations. I think that the exciting part about Service Cloud has been the growth and the huge transactions that we've signed. We also have created our Service Cloud for small business that we've delivered with Desk.com, and I'm sure you've seen that as well, so we're really not only focused on the very high end of the market, but on the low end as well. And I think when you look at Service Cloud, when you look at Sales Cloud, Sales Cloud, of course, is just a much, much bigger business today, but Service Cloud is growing at a faster rate. So you're just going to see this just incredible tear, that business and we're investing more in Service Cloud than ever. And then we've got our marketing cloud right behind it that we're very excited, and as I said, it's really that Sales Cloud, the Service Cloud and the marketing cloud built on our social enterprise platform that is just awesome, and we're very happy with our strategy. We really do focus, like you mentioned, Sales Cloud the absolute leader in the Magic Quadrant, Service Cloud is the absolute leader, marketing cloud platform, all of these things, are they competitive? Are they winning deals? Are they at the top of their game? And then in our area in cloud, and in many cases, and not just in cloud but it's, as I said, it's #1 in cloud or on-prem. So I'm very excited about service, and I think that it will continue to perform this year in an extraordinary rate.
Marc Benioff: Well, we're a fast-growing company. We're the fastest-growing, and that means that our organizational models that were competitive at $1 billion dollars are not the right organizational models at $3 billion. And so we make slight adjustments every year, and those slight adjustments generally take place in the first quarter, this year was no exception. But at the end of the day, it's -- it just sets us up to continue our growth and execution of our business. And we don't go into the nitty-gritty, because it would be kind of pathetic, I think, at some level to kind of like try to tell you how our sales force is organized. But at the end of the day, we're very excited. I mean, we have a tremendous focus on the enterprise, led by Blair Crump, who was a former executive at Verizon, running their enterprise business, and we've got an incredible business, small and medium business being run by Hilarie Koplow. She is doing a fantastic job, and it's this kind of these 2 businesses together that works so unbelievably well, and it's under the auspices of our Vice Chairman, Frank van Veenendaal, who kind of ensures that our core distribution strategy is propelling salesforce.com in the future. And that's kind of how we look at it. And it's very, very -- it's been -- it's a great organization. I couldn't be prouder of them in their success.
Marc Benioff: Well, February, March and April were all very strong months and we have -- that only offset in that -- in March that we had previously discussed with you, we closed our largest business deal -- the largest business deal of all time, which was this massive transaction, but then through the quarter, we saw some great transactions emerge in Europe. We saw some great transactions emerge in Japan, and our U.S. business is also outstanding. So I felt very good about business during the whole quarter, and I think we're, as you can see from these numbers, well set up to deliver an outstanding year, which is why we're raising our guidance now to $3 billion for the year.
Marc Benioff: I've -- we've talked about that, and we do that on a periodic basis but not on a regular basis, because we just don't want to set the expectation up that on this call, we're going to discuss the specifics of our bookings during the quarter and/or the specifics of the deals. But it's certainly our intention that on a semi-regular basis to tell you exactly how many 7- and 8-digit deals we do. And if you go look back over the last 3 or 4 years, I think we probably do that over 3 or 4 quarters, we show that to you, but we don't plan to do that on a regular and consistent basis. I don't think that that's an appropriate estimation of our business anyway, and I'll tell you why. We're not a company that's based on big deals. Yes, we close big deals. Big deals are exciting. We do a 9-figure deal, an 8-figure deal, a 7-figure deal. But the reality is, is that we do a lot of deals during the quarter, and we do a lot of business in the quarter, and this company has never been able to make this quarter on a big deal, and it makes its business happen on a solid book of business. It's highly distributed between, as I mentioned, small and medium business, product line and an enterprise product line and both of those product lines delivering consistently and effectively across the 7 or 8 countries that we do business in across the world. And that's how we really make our business. I think that if we emphasize the 7- or 8-digit deals to you, it's -- and while, as I said, we will do it on a regular basis, we -- it does not characterize kind of the true nature of our business, which is many, many transactions happening over the quarter, delivering a strengthened portfolio of customers in all markets.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think that you can look at their license revenue growth over the past couple of quarters, both Oracle and SAP. And I don't think it's anything to write home about. And I think that if you compare that to our growth rate or the growth rate of companies like us in our category cloud companies or even private companies who are in the cloud, companies that have our model, the multi-tenant shared model, I mean, you just -- you can see where the future is. And if you're going to see a software company today, you're not going to start it as an on-premise company. It's just -- it would be unheard of. I mean, I think that really speaks to it. I don't know any venture capitalist that's starting a software company today. So it's not the future. And I think that what is the future is cloud, it's social, it's mobile, and I'm a huge, huge fan of our peers in the public markets and in the private markets as well who have pioneered these models, and I think they represent what the future of our industry looks like, and as you can see with our numbers this quarter, you can do it as a scale that this is what Oracle used to look like.
Marc Benioff: Well, we're in some of their largest, most important customers in the world, and we're in dialogue with those customers on a regular basis. Some of those customers have become some of our largest and most important customers. And I think SAP does a great job in the back office. They do a great general ledger, and it's on-premise and it works, point-of-sale system, whatever it is for our customers. But in terms of that broad-based social front office, that vision that we've articulated that you've seen now, Jason, at so many Cloudforces and Dreamforce, and you see the fever with the customers and prospects that they want to become social enterprises. And if you watch the Sapphire videos, which I did, I just -- could've happened last year, could've happened 2 years ago, it could've happened 3 years ago. I didn't understand what was new and exciting. And if the new and most newest and exciting thing at SAP is the acquisition of SuccessFactors, well, then God help SAP, because that just isn't that exciting. I mean, that was a sub-$1 billion company that makes a human performance management software that you log into once a year. So where's the action and the vision? I think that they're a great company with a great product line that customers use in their back office, but I think that they have not shown us the future of company and of the industry, and I think it's kind of well represented by what we saw last week. And for us, we're trying to do our best to demonstrate the future of our industry, and that's why major customers like well, I guess, Kimberly-Clark is a great example, who was at Cloudforce in San Francisco, have shown how you can have a great salesforce.com social front office combined with that back office. And if you go to YouTube and you type Kimberly-Clark social enterprise, you'll see the video of their global CIO, Ramon Baez. He's probably the most respected CIO in the SAP ecosystem, used to be the CIO at Honeywell, talking about how this is the perfect fit. It's the best of both worlds. He has had his SAP back office now for a couple of decades, the SAP mainframe that's in the closet, and then they've got all their next-generation applications and systems being in salesforce. That sounds great to me.
Marc Benioff: For us, I think that we at a fundamental level believe that we're still very much a distribution-constrained organization and we're just trying to hire as many salespeople as we can around the world and get them properly organized and in their seats and trained and able to deliver on the opportunity. And it's not that the overall economy can't affect us. We saw when the whole world imploded, it did slightly impact us but probably not as much as everybody else, because when you have this level of growth and differentiation from the competitors, our greatest challenge is just the ability to close the business. And that's honestly what we're focused on when we look at these pipelines. Obviously, by the nature of our business, when we look at the second quarter pipeline, it's unlike anything we've ever seen in size and scale. And then the challenge is how we're going to close it and wrap it up, because there's only so many of us. And that's how kind of how we look at the business, and we don't really take into consideration these kind of things that we're hearing about. And I've got the highest, highest respect for John Chambers and Cisco, but I -- their business in pushing out switches is not directly related to our ability to close Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, marketing cloud and platform transactions and help our customers define their social enterprises. Our customers are trying to grow their top lines, and that's what we are. We're a top line company. We're a company that helps our customers close more business, and that's all we're focused on every day is our customer's success in closing those deals. And that pipeline is rich and deep, and we want to just mine it, and that's all about getting those salespeople in their chairs and out there and closing. And we've done a good job of that, that's why you can see the $3 billion guide for this year. That's why you see your -- these implied billings numbers that you're talking about are doing just fine. And at salesforce, it's never good enough. And we work -- we think we have to work harder and that we can even do better. And that's our goal, is to do better and to deliver -- and I've talked about this a few times, but it's been on my mind more this quarter than ever, is that $10 billion a year, and how do we deliver that $10 billion year, and how do we get that Sales Cloud to the level where it needs to be for the $10 billion year and the Service Cloud and the marketing cloud and the platform. And those are our 4 core businesses, and they need to all come in for that $10 billion year to manifest, and that's what Graham and I spend the time on, and we've got revenue goals for each of those buckets, and we're working hard to deliver them. And that's where we are.
Marc Benioff: Yes. Well, I think it's a multidimensional problem, and for us, we've got developers who are inside our existing customers, and those are core developers, and they love things like Force.com. You've got ISVs, who are building applications on Force.com, like companies that you've maybe read about in the Wall Street Journal, Canaan D [ph], which is building manufacturing on Force.com; or FinancialForce that's building the ERP solution; or BMC Software building revenue force and others. And then you've got, in addition to those ISVs, you've got kind of independent developers who are building on Force, but they're also building on our Heroku platform, and Facebook developers, of course, can access that Heroku platform right from inside Facebook, which is awesome and has created a lot of growth in the application number. And then you have developers who are building applications for websites and for interactive capabilities also on Heroku. So it's not one developer, it's many different developers, and our developer numbers are at record levels. And we're speaking, I think, with a competitive product for developers in a way that we've never been able to do before. We've just really been able to really beef it up since our acquisition of Heroku. It's really -- that really changed the tone in our ability and you saw that in our Cloudstock program at the Cloudforce, where we had a whole developer Pavilion. So we are very focused on the developer, but we are focused on the developer as part of our overall strategy, and it's one of 4 critical legs of our stool to make that happen, which is the social enterprise platform this quarter but so is sales, service and marketing as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, I've spent a lot of my time thinking about that question this quarter, because I'm sure, like you have, I have been reading a lot of stories about Chief Marketing Officers who are spending more on technology than ever before. That is a common story today. And I think an increasingly common story is that the CMO is going to spend more on technology in a company than the CIO. And that has not happened yet in most companies, but I believe that it will. And that is a whole new opportunity emerging, and we need to double and triple down internally at salesforce on creating that marketing cloud. We were very fortunate about a year ago to buy the #1 marketing company with Radian6, doing social listening. And we're really looking at what are all the things that we need to develop to deliver that marketing cloud. And I am really excited about the marketing cloud. I really think it is a multibillion-dollar opportunity just as we've seen the Sales Cloud is and the Service Cloud is and the platform is. So I'm trying to get my thinking around that, and by the time we get to Dreamforce, I think now we'll have a lot to talk about in regards to the marketing cloud. And you can already see a couple of strong tenets of that, and I just mentioned a few of those to you. We've got, of course, Radian6, which is doing amazing. We've got Heroku, which lets you build interactive applications for Facebook or for the Web. We've got Site.com that we introduced at Cloudforce San Francisco, which is -- lets you deliver your website. And we've also have Data.com, which is the critical data that marketers need to be able to figure out who their customers are and get key marketing materials and information to them. So that is the core of the marketing cloud today. Radian6, Heroku, Site.com and Data.com. And then the question is for us how do we build a full marketing suite? How do we become the marketing desktop? How do we have the marketing front office? And we're looking at that, and I think that's a very, very exciting opportunity. And I -- and then just like Heather was talking about how exciting Service Cloud is, she's absolutely right and it's stellar. And, of course, I've been talking about Sales Cloud for 13 years, and now you're going to hear me talk a lot about the marketing cloud, I think, over the next decade.
Marc Benioff: Yes, I'll tell you that in today's world, and the world has changed, and we're going to see that tomorrow with the Facebook IPO, that it's a social world and it's a mobile world and it's a cloud world, and social, mobile and cloud have really been defined by Facebook. That's what Facebook is today, and that's what we're trying to be at salesforce, but we're trying to deliver it through our Sales Cloud and Service Cloud and marketing cloud and platform. If you haven't redefined your company at this point around those pieces, you're probably grasping for straws in your strategy. We saw that yesterday at Sapphire, and we've seen that with other competitors as well, where they're just trying to sell the past to the future, and the past does not equal the future. And by the time we get to Dreamforce and you see the power of our customer base, 100,000 attendees attending Dreamforce this year in September. When you see major CEOs show up and say they're using salesforce.com, like Jeff Immelt at General Electric, and you hear that the incredible stories of success of these customers, you're going to see the world has changed, and this isn't just about cloud. This has been a fundamental transformation of our customers themselves and users, and I'm sure everyone on this call is looking at their iPhone or their iPad or their Android device or some other mobile technology, and maybe they've got Twitter or Facebook in front of them. And we just didn't have that 4 or 5 years ago. And yesterday, I re-watched Steve Jobs rolling out the iPhone in 2007, and it just inspired me that the world can change so fast, that so many exciting things are happening, and now you do have these great new prophets emerging, like Mark Zuckerberg and Jack Dorsey, and our job is just to listen and follow them, because I think the enterprise is going to get pulled into the future through these consumer services. And that's what salesforce.com is going to help our customers do. All right. I'm getting some tired stares here, so we're going to take one last question. Let's bring it home strong.
Marc Benioff: Well, Desk.com and Do.com are phenomenons. And with Do.com, we have now more than 100,000 customers on there who've created more than 1 million tasks, which is amazing. We've just never seen any kind of growth like that before, and that's very much a future for salesforce. It's not where our revenue is today, but we look at that almost like our skunk-works, our R&D center. And these new companies that we bought, that we're nurturing along and that we honor and respect, because hey, we respect the future at salesforce, and what we see at companies like that is what we have to become in the mainstream. And we look at those as beacons of the future. And if you're not using Do.com, you should be. I mean, it is something that I use every day, it's phenomenal. And for small and medium business, Desk.com is awesome. And we've also talked about all the other great services of salesforce. Even great capabilities like we have, like our Database.com service, letting customers roll out their databases, our Site.com for websites and, of course, Salesforce Chatter, and you can see that at Chatter.com where you can sign up and just get going, and we've seen so many customers there, and we have these massive customer implementations now with Chatter. We didn't have time to talk about that in deep depth on the call, but I was just reviewing that with the head of our Chatter unit, and the size and scale of the Chatter deployments are as large as they've ever been. So a lot of exciting oars in the water and working to get to that $10 billion business in the era of Facebook and Twitter, that we are paying attention to these next-generation companies, and we are working hard to build those concepts into who we are as a company so we can deliver that in the mainstream of the enterprise.
Graham V. Smith: Adam, this is Graham. Yes, of course, the large customer we signed, the largest in our history, the 9-figure deal, was certainly -- helped that backlog number significantly. But we also had some big renewals in the quarter. And when, clearly, we have large customers with large annual order values renewing for multiple years, that's very encouraging to us and really helps add to that backlog number. So we did a great job on renewals this quarter. As you heard, we finally got to a low-teens attrition rate which is great. And I do point out, we still see our average contract length between 12 and 24 months. So it's not like this number is getting moved -- getting skewed or anything like that, so we're still in that 12- to 24-month average contract length. But we're just renewing, we're renewing well, we're renewing often and we're renewing for longer contract periods, and that's just really helping boost that overall backlog number.
Graham V. Smith: Yes, I think that's right. You've already talked about the portfolio of different businesses, and certainly, we have some customers where we start with a complete set of solutions and all the different products, but others, for example, some of the transactions in Q4 we saw were just around one product, and then we'll look to expand from there. So I don't think you can really typify it, but certainly, overall, our pipeline growth has been good.
Graham V. Smith: Yes, I mean, so this is -- as I say, there's a lot of moving parts in this number. If you remember, when we talked about Q4, we had overall coming out of Q4 net benefit on DR just around $150 million to total deferred, and that was split roughly between 2 items: one was the change in annual invoicing discipline, and the second was the multiyear invoice that you can see also showing up in long-term deferred. So if you sort of roll that forward to Q1, the net benefit actually is slightly less, because, as I mentioned earlier, what we do when we accelerate the invoicing to annual is you actually create a headwind for DR the next quarter. So roughly $150 million benefit at the end of Q4, roughly $140 million net benefit at the end of Q1. So that's why when we talk about the guide for Q2, we say -- but the actual total that we'll report will be roughly flat, but if you -- we expect when you back out the net sort of cumulative benefit on DR of these changes, it will actually be slightly up. And that's kind of the trend we've seen over the last couple of years with DR moving from Q1 to Q2.
Graham V. Smith: Yes, I think you're thinking -- I mean obviously, Rick, we don't talk about billings, because for all the reasons we've said in the past, we don't think it's a particularly accurate representation of what's happened in the quarter. But if you want to do that calculation, basically yes, it adds a little to the 34%, I think, that you would calculate normally on the balance sheet accounts. It adds a 1 or 2 points to that number for that calculation.
Graham V. Smith: So Derrick, the $150 million and the $140 million numbers for Q4 and Q1 don't include the invoicing impact of the 9-figure deal, because that's a normal deal. Those 2 numbers we've given for Q4 and Q1 are changes that we want to call out, either because it's a multiyear invoice or because it's a change in sort of invoicing, either from quarterly or semiannual to annual. So the 9-figure deal was just a normal annual deal, and so it's not included in those numbers.
