Michael Spencer: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today on fiscal 2024 third quarter results conference call. Our press release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our website. Joining me on the call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO; Amy Weaver, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Millham, President and Chief Operating Officer. As a reminder, our commentary today will include non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings materials and press release. Some of our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which could change. Should any of these risks materialize or should our assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. A description of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions and other factors that could affect our financial results is included in our SEC filings, including our most recent report on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and any other SEC filings. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. And with that, let me hand the call over to Marc.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Amy. Operator, we'll move to questions now. Out of courtesy for others on the call, we ask that each person participating only ask one question. And with that, operator, we'll take the first question.
Michael Spencer: Great. Thanks, Brad. With that, we'll conclude the call. We appreciate everyone joining the call and wish everyone a happy holiday season. Thank you.
Brian Millham: Kirk, thanks for the question. I think you nailed it. It's exactly what's happening out there. The data is becoming such an important asset for our customers that they want to bring it all together and they want to leverage our MuleSoft technology to do it. And so, it's really an exciting opportunity. As we stated, it was eight of our 10 top deals in the quarter. And you can see the amount of data flowing through MuleSoft as an indicator for how important the data is 142% up year-over-year on automated flows on the platform. I'd be remiss if I also didn't call out the leader there and Eric Eyken-Sluyters, who's done an incredible job in leading the sales organization as well. And so, I think you nailed it in your question. This is a really important critical product for us and for our customers as we think about scaling to the future.
Brian Millham: Thanks for the question and obviously, a big focus for us. We've talked about it on previous calls with all of you. It's a never ending journey, obviously, and we want to continue to drive productivity for our account executives. We talked about a very large deal in the quarter that helped drive that productivity. But all-in, we saw a very nice increase in our productivity, really focused on a couple of things. One, we leaned in enablement for all of our sellers out there to ensure that they really understand this broad portfolio of products and are able to go out and talk to our customers about it. Deeply understanding our buying process. This was some of an area early in maybe last year where we stumbled a bit, not understanding the buying process of our customers, deep inspection of our business, both pipelines and cycles that we're in and driving. Really being oriented to value as we talk to our customers about the solutions that we can provide to them. What is the ROI our customers going to see from the investments they're making in Salesforce, ensuring that we really understand that before we put proposals in front of them. And finally, I think there's -- I couldn't be prouder of the inspection that we're getting across the board. We have a new sales leader in Miguel Milano, who's brought a new discipline to the way that we're looking at the pipelines, not only in the existing quarters but in future quarters going forward. And so the discipline that we’ve driven across the board is driving these great results from a productivity perspective at the front. Thank you for the question.
Brian Millham: Yeah. I'll just add a little bit there, too, Amy. I think we have really a team focused on the margin expansion. We want to continue to simplify our go-to-market strategies, how we optimize our pricing and packaging going forward as well. We talked about some of the things that we're doing there. New channels to market. We're really excited about the AWS Marketplace as a new channel to market for us. Amy mentioned location strategies, how do we continue to look at our real estate portfolio as an opportunity, how do we leverage our own technology, sales force on Salesforce and using our own products to drive more efficiency and automation in our business. So lots of opportunity to continue to do this. I’m excited about the culture and structural change in the way that we’re thinking about margin expansion of the company, and I think you’ll continue to see that. So thank you, Keith. And then on the Fortune 500 that are using it, you’re right, it is early days. And as we said in the script, a lot of our customers are starting to trial and use this technology to see the benefits around productivity and cost takeout, leveraging the technology. But as we’ve also said, the data is an important aspect of this. And how do they clean up and harmonize their data first before they start to roll out these AI technologies broadly? How do you trust the output that you’re getting from your AI investments? And so what we found in conversations with our customers is an energy around and excitement around AI, but in a need to clean up the data first before they can really take advantage of this. And we’ll continue to see the expansion. The 17% is great. We want to continue to go faster there, and we’re going to work with our customers to go drive those outcomes.
Amy Weaver: Okay, Keith. Always looking for that margin expansion, always looking for a little bit more guidance, but really happy to address this. We've had fantastic margin expansion this year, I mean, up 800 basis points for the end of the year. If I look back over the last three years, we have gone from 17.7% three years ago to we'll be ending this year over 30% on operating margin, which I am just thrilled about. I think that we do have some room here. As I've said before, we view this as a floor, not a ceiling on our success, and we intend to continue our focus on operating margin. In terms of investments, it's all a matter of priorities. We cut deeply earlier this year, and we've really been using that to invest into the areas of the business that we see as most strategic going forward. And we've been very disciplined, especially around headcount as we've been doing that. Right now, I really see areas of investment in AI and Data Cloud. In distribution, we're looking at those success stories like MuleSoft and doubling down. But we're also being very careful on how we do that. We are questioning levels. We are questioning locations. We're making sure that we're maximizing really high-scale, lower-cost locations as well. So I feel like we've got the room to do this, and we have the opportunities to invest into our future as well as to manage our margin very efficiently.
Amy Weaver: Marc, if I could weigh on there as well. I think Marc stated it well. Companies are still really focused right now in this environment, on productivity, on automation, on time to value. You certainly see it from the CFO as my counterparts around the world. Real focus on every dollar that's being spent. We're now entering our sixth quarter of measured customer buying behavior and we're saying that this has been continuing recently. And that does reflect, particularly in areas like SMB, self-serve, create and close, you see this in professional services. But I'm also really excited about what we're seeing in terms of how we can step in and really help our customers get to their goals. Brian, I don’t know if you have anything to add.
Amy Weaver: Thanks, Brian. Karl, Brian pretty much summed it up. As we mentioned last quarter, we do not anticipate a material impact from pricing in the guide this year. That said, I have been very pleased by the execution and the discipline that we're showing around rolling this out. And an uplift really needs to roll for the full renewal installed base, which is going to take some time.
