Keith G. Block: Yeah. Hi, this is Keith. So thanks for the question. I mean, there's a few things here that I think are really contributing to what's going on here. And at the end of the day, it really comes back to the strategic relationships that we're driving with these customers. They are more deeper, they are more meaningful relationships. We're driving their digital transformations, and that results in more large contracts than ever, more large customers than ever, longer contracts in terms of duration, and a lot of multi-cloud solutions, because we're selling solutions and not so much features and functions. So all those are certainly contributing to the financial metrics that you're referencing in your question. But at the end of the day, these are deeper, longer relationships with these customers, and that's why the deals are longer and we're seeing the renewals, which obviously is a huge, huge indicator of their confidence in our solutions, and in our partnerships. And we've had a record number of very large renewals as well.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, I think you gentlemen articulated that very nicely. So I think the only thing that I would add to that, John is, Mark used the phrase lifetime economics. And I think as we all know, we run a balanced portfolio of business, and we do a lot of work in the SMB, we do a lot of stuff in the mid-market. We have focused, as you pointed out, a lot in the enterprise as we continue to become a global company, and become an enterprise class company. That means longer, deeper relationships, as I said in my opening comments. But we really are playing the long game here. And I guess, there are two factors that I think about; one is the fact that we are able to land and expand in these large accounts, and over time build out those very strategic relationships which really culminates in these very large deals. I mean, when you think about the doubling the number of $20 million relationships that we have year-over-year, that's pretty staggering. But that also bodes well for the long game. And of course, there are natural – you would expect that there will be natural efficiencies over time. But the other thing you got to think about too is that many of these deals are aligned to the schedule of the customers as they deploy. A lot of this, as you suggested, is when a customer is up for renewal, we have the opportunity to expand the solution because the demand is there or because we've demonstrated our capabilities because we understand their business, because we speak the language of the customer and their industry. And that's why a lot of these renewals also included additional sales associated with them. So we're just executing very, very well across the board in the balanced portfolio. And I will say, I'm proud of every organization in the company that is focused in all these market segments and all these geographies. But yes, we have been focusing a lot on the enterprise. It's relatively a new capability within the age scale of Salesforce, but the execution has just been fantastic.
Keith G. Block: Well, look, I think this is a high performing company with a culture of high performance along with a culture of a lot of great things. And I think in every quarter we expect high performance. Again, I go back to my opening comments about, it was just really outstanding execution. We always expect great execution, and this happened to be one of those quarters for the – it's one for the ages. And so we're very, very excited about it. But if I think about what happened behind it, we've been investing for this for a very, very long time. When you think about our industry specialization, when you think about our international expansion, when you think about our partner ecosystem, these are three growth levers that have propelled us past the $10 billion mark. We're hurdling down the highway towards $20 billion, and these are foundational things that will help us turn the corner when we approach $20 billion. So you add all these things up with the right investments, with great execution, with a growth environment, a situation where the agenda for CEOs is growth, and our message and promise is all about growth, everything just aligned very, very nicely. So again, very, very proud of the entire company for just a complete set of execution in the quarter.
Keith G. Block: Well, this is Keith. I'm happy to jump in on that, and our President of Products is sitting right next to me, Bret Taylor, so he may want to comment as well. But look, we saw a very strong balance across all of our clouds, which speaks to, again, our ability to have multi-cloud solutions. And specifically around service, if you think about how companies are differentiating themselves, they differentiate with service. And we have the leading solution in service. We're the market leader. We continue to separate and take market share in Service Cloud. We've had very, very strong execution, and of course, that drags additional product. But again, service is very, very strong, and whether it's core service or whether it's field service, these are differentiated products. I don't know, Bret, if you want to respond to that.
Keith G. Block: Yes, I'm happy to talk about artificial intelligence all day long. Look, I know there was a question about pricing, and Marc Benioff may want to weigh in on this. But look, at the end of the day, we're at the dawn of a new era, and we're very, very excited about Einstein. We've got a lot of momentum. Marc talked about the billion interactions and insights that are provided on a daily basis. And that we're really excited about that. That tells you a lot about what the potential can be. And we get excited because our AI, Einstein, is applied to specific use cases around sales and service and marketing. And we have companies who continue to experiment and expand with Einstein. ABB is a classic example of that. Einstein is being used to help bring better experiences in their sales cycles with their customers, as well as the way that they service their customers. And that is all hooked up into IoT. So you can imagine the possibilities with all this data being collected on their devices and their robots, and how Einstein can help them gain better insight. So it is early days. I think over time we'll be thinking very creatively and in an innovative way to sort through the pricing of Einstein. But again, our customers seem to really, really enjoy the benefits that we're seeing.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, look, I think we've talked about this historically, that when we think about M&A, we have a thought out process and methodology, and Mark Hawkins is exactly right. We look at a number of characteristics when we think about our growth strategy. But most importantly, when we think about acquisitions, we listen to our customers. Many times our customers guide us in terms of what we should be thinking about in terms of solutions for them. So whether it's the technology, the people as part of the acquisition, the culture and of course the financial metrics, these are all things that we consider. And again, there is a strategy and it's well thought out and there's a process to it.
Keith G. Block: Yeah. Hey, Kirk, great to hear from you. So look, obviously the vertical strategy is paying off. And you mentioned financial services as well, and we've seen a very interesting change in that dynamic environment. When you think about the ease of regulations, the changes in the tax laws, that has just created an environment where IT dollars can now be spent more on innovation than on maintaining the legacy environments around compliance, as an example. So that's exciting. Similarly, in healthcare, one of the things that's changing the healthcare industry is technology overall, number one. Number two, if you think about it, patients are more empowered by technology than ever before. So these healthcare companies and the healthcare industry overall is ripe for transformation. That being said, it can be unclear at times because of regulations and the regulatory environment where exactly healthcare is going. In the quarter, we signed up and expanded some very, very strong relationships in the healthcare industry. Fortune 50, that is looking to transform their business with our Health Cloud, one of our organic industry products. I mentioned Anthem, which is obviously a very, very strong and leading healthcare provider. So whether it's patients, whether it's providers, whether it's medical device manufacturers, there are many, many ways to transform those industries around customer or client or patient engagement. Service is an example. It really becomes front and center when you think about the mission of a healthcare provider. So we have a pretty good vision for where the health care industry is going. We try to do a lot of collaboration and co-creation with our customers. We also listen to our customers and let them guide us. But we think this is potentially could be a very, very big area for us.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yeah, and I'll just add on to Keith's point. I totally agree. The deeper and strategic relationships, people want to go longer and bigger with us, as you can see with the numbers. In terms of earl (25:07) specifically, the duration for unbilled DR, that duration is up slightly, about a month.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, happy to do so. And John, thank you for the question. In fact, we are raising our profitability, as we talked about. This is the – I just guided the fifth year in a row of expanding the profitability. One of the things that we see kind of akin to what we talked about at the Dreamforce Analyst Day is that there are some costs incurred with growth basically that impact the short-term, but we still were able to expand our operating margin.
Mark J. Hawkins: In fact, it does. What happens is we'll take go-to-market expansions like commissions and that type of thing in the short-term, and now you'll see that show up. And then basically what we have is great long-term economics that are going to – that benefit. So one of the things that I would say is...
Mark J. Hawkins: No, I think the thing that's powerful about this is that we have, if you think about creating an annuity, it has a lifetime economics of north of 35% margin. And what we're seeing is the short-term pressure even with add-on businesses, Marc. If we're paying commissions and people finish with a strong year, you're going to have accelerators and that type of thing, people have a strong demand environment, which we saw with the billed and unbilled DR. And in fact, that has a short-term depressive effect. But we still delivered, and this was the point, we still delivered the margin expansion despite that.
Mark J. Hawkins: Keith, I can help a little bit on that too, if you'd like on the normalization if that would be helpful. Why don't I just share from that standpoint, if you think – again, we're talking about only unbilled DR. We put up a number of 48% because of the expanded and deeper relationships that the customers are driving, but if you adjust the term length...
Mark J. Hawkins: And so even if you adjust when the customers want a slightly longer relationship because it's more strategic for the month, you have a number, instead of 48% it's growing closer to 39% on the unbilled if you normalize for that extension that the customers are asking for. So to Marc's point, even with that normalization, this is just a number that, maybe go back a lot of years to try to find that level. I hope that helps, and Keith you might want to add there.
Mark J. Hawkins: I think the demand, the growth at this scale is really – it characterizes what you and Keith said about an outstanding quarter. I mean, the top line is very, very strong. And I think one of the things that Keith said, that I feel also based on talking to a lot of customers, is the deepness of the relationship is you can feel it, you can see it. We've been talking about this for a few years. But that's something that we really see in the commercial side.
Mark J. Hawkins: And, Keith, I just want to add one point that you noted here, which is, in Q4 we did invest an additional capacity to get prepared for this $20 billion to $22 billion in FY 2022 in terms of AEs and that type of thing as well. So that's a good attribute for us to position for the future. But that's also important for people to know it's an investment we made in Q4 as well.
Marc Russell Benioff: Well, thanks Kash. And I'll really just start out by congratulating Keith and his whole organization, because honestly I've just never seen a quarter like this. This was a blow-out quarter. And just the performance of that organization and their acuity, capability to deliver was shocking even to me. And it shows up right there in that number, and you can see it right there in front of you now. I've been really excited to be able to talk about that with you, more than $20 billion of booked business on and off the balance sheet, up 40%. There is no way we could have said that to you a year ago. That is beyond our expectation, and it really has to do with the performance of the organization, number one. Number two, and this really gets to your point, I think that – and I had dinner last night with 20 Fortune 100 CEOs here in New York, which is one of the reasons that I came to town. And of course, we're all on a very fast moving economic freight train. We've seen incredible increase in investment activity with our customers, especially accelerated with these tax cuts. That has been amazing to us. But squarely in the center of each and every one of their consciousness is the digital transformation that their company is going through. It doesn't matter if they're a consumer product goods company CEO or financial services or retail or any industry or any geography. Every CEO is thinking about their digital transformation. And I think you and I know that every digital transformation begins and ends with the customer. This is very powerful. And it's why we have so much activity in our company. Of course, we're the number one customer company in the world. No other company in the history of the software industry has been as focused on customer-relationship management, but how companies can have a customer transformation at Salesforce. And this, and this alone, focus, has accelerated our growth. You can see that in the numbers. So certainly how we finished our year in fiscal year 2018 is not where we thought we would start. We raised guidance I think almost in each and every quarter, and yet we still ended up above that. And that's why we've raised again here $150 million. This is the most we've ever raised in the history of the company, because we're just ahead of where we thought we would be. So we are, obviously $10 billion is now behind us, and $20 billion is ahead of us. And it's our dream, we're going to be the fastest to $20 billion. But when you have $20 billion already on and off the balance sheet, you know that that is – we're a huge step on the way there. So that's what I couldn't be more excited about the position the company is in, its competitiveness, its ability to perform, the quality of its customer relationships, the quality of the products, the integration of the acquisitions, the culture, Fortune number 1 best place to work. All of these things have come together in just a really beautiful way, and I'm extremely grateful.
Marc Russell Benioff: Yeah. Well, I think that the way to think about that is, we have a comprehensive integrated approach. And where it makes sense to use infrastructure, for example, in a country like Canada or Singapore, we have tremendous relationships with organizations like Amazon and Google, where we're going to do that. Even during the quarter we've announced that we're going to be using – IBM has become one of our preferred cloud providers. That's appropriate to have our ability to operate proprietary data centers like we do here in the United States. We also use that infrastructure, for example, underneath one of our core platforms, Heroku, as you know, which has become one of the largest application development capabilities in the world. And we are also live on Amazon in Canada and Australia. So we will use the correct provider at the correct time, whether that's us or whether that's Amazon, Google or IBM.
Marc Russell Benioff: Well, Einstein, let's start there. I mean we're ahead of our predictions there also, and that's what Einstein's all about. We are doing I think it's more than a billion predictions a day with Einstein already. So our systems are dramatically enhanced through our deep machine intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning architecture, known as Einstein, Salesforce Einstein, which has become a critical part of our CRM, first and foremost, highly differentiated against our competition, who has yet to be able to put in artificial intelligence of a quality, capability and scale that we have it deeply integrated into our application set across the board, whether you're using Commerce Cloud like Adidas is, whether you're using Sales Cloud like Cisco is, or whether you're using an incredible product like Service Cloud like Intuit is, Einstein is in there now. And customers love it because it just makes their employees better. It's the perfect use case for artificial intelligence, enhancing human performance. And we're going to do a lot more of that. We've only really been at this now for about a year, but it's going far better than we expected, and we'll continue to enhance and extend our artificial intelligence capability. In regards to the overall demand environment, and my personal experience is with Chief Executive Officers over the last month in both international, specifically in Davos where I was with hundreds of CEOs, or in other business forums here domestically where I've also been with hundreds of CEOs, I can empirically tell you I have never seen a demand environment like this. I cannot quantify that. I can just tell you that every CEO is using the positive economic environment, but also the domestic tax cuts as ways to accelerate their digital transformations, and it is putting it number one on all of their list, which it should be. And this is really exciting for us and for others, of course. But for a company like us, we can help these companies get connected with their customers in a whole new way. And that is, we have the ability, we have the great products and we have the distribution capacity to be able to directly address them. I hope that answers your question, Heather.
Marc Russell Benioff: So what you're saying is, you'll see if we have a great quarter in expansion, for revenue for example, but in in-quarter expense for commission is also – it expands.
Marc Russell Benioff: All right. Very good. Keith, you can go ahead then and sell the first quarter, and if you blow it out again, it's okay. We'll handle it. Go ahead.
Marc Russell Benioff: Well, I think we've moved into a new world. This is the fourth industrial revolution. We all know that. We can see the huge advancements in technology in our fingertips, how we're running this call, how all the computers and mobile devices that we're using, the artificial intelligence that we talked about, the autonomous vehicles that I saw going down the street today. There's so many exciting things that are happening, information sciences and biotechnology sciences. But as every company sees the fourth industrial revolution underway, they have to pick their place in it, what are you going to do, what is your position, and also what are your values, what's important to you. These two ideas, your vision and your values, I think will define who will be successful and who will fail in the fourth industrial revolution. For us, it's very simple. We squarely believe that we're in the age of a customer, and that for each and every one of our companies that we deal with around the world, that they have to connect with their customer in a whole new way, and to build this high fidelity relationship, whether they're a B2B or B2C customer, that they need to have this single view of the customer. It doesn't matter, like, in the previous discussion, it could be healthcare, it could be financial services, it could be retail. In each and every case, company-by-company is thinking how do I get to a single view of the customer. That is Salesforce's single focus. And we do that across many product lines, as you know. And in terms of what is important to us, well, there's nothing more important than trust. Trust is our highest value. And of course, growth is important to us as well. You can you see that in our numbers today. And innovation, as Bret was talking about, the reason that we're the number one CRM in the world is the tremendous innovation that we've brought to customers like we have in things like Einstein, or our new Lightning platform, or even Trailhead where you can learn how to become part the Salesforce economy and jump on this train so that you can be part of the fourth industrial revolution and be part of Salesforce. These things are so important. You can see how it shows up on our AppExchange with thousands of apps and companies that have been birthed through this vision. And then at the end of the day, we all have to be aware that the fourth industrial revolution has a dark side, and it could be that it creates more inequality. And that's why our core value we talked about is equality that we so squarely believe that we have to keep an eye on the equality of every human being, whether it's our employees, our customers, the communities that we're in, or even the environment or public education systems. And that these four values, trust, and growth, innovation and equality continue to serve us very well in our pursuit in this age of the customer.
Marc Russell Benioff: Well, I want to thank everyone for an amazing fiscal year. All of our employees, customers, partners, all of our Ohana, thank you for everything that you have done for us, every single day. We appreciate it so greatly. And we will see you again at TrailheaDX, our annual Salesforce Developer Conference which will be March 28th and 29th in San Francisco. And I hope that all of you will join us for this exciting event. We'll have some very exciting product news and some incredible surprises there. And I'm about to show up on Kramer and from Salesforce tower here in New York City in just a couple minutes. If you'll turn on CNBC, you'll see me there. So thanks everybody. And we'll see you next quarter.
