Marc Benioff: And I'm actually now talking through Amy's cellphone connected to our speakerphone at our conference in San Francisco. So, turns out the cell phone technology is a big winner so anyway, thanks, Amy.  That was a great job on earnings and congratulations on another great quarter of your organization, everything you're doing. I couldn't be more excited about the strength of our core business, our revenue growth, our margin growth, our cash flow growth, as well as the addition of Slack.  Now to our team of unicorns, if you will, it's absolutely true the best CRM just got better with Slack and I -- if you listen to what Bret has to say about the integration of incredible things like Slack Connect, these are becoming extensions to our CRM capabilities, so it’s a very exciting moment for our entire product line and our technology team.  And I think, with that our leadership team has really shown through this amazing perseverance and execution over the last several quarters these amazing results. Now we're going to have our digital Dreamforce coming out from San Francisco in less than a month, from September 21 through September 23rd. We'll have tens of millions of customers from all over the world tuning in with us, and we'll have hundreds of customers with us live in San Francisco as well.  So, it's going to be extremely exciting. We want you to all have a front-row seat, and please talk to Evan so you're all connected to this program. And we will also be redeploying our Dreamforce 2 U program as well, delivering custom Dreamforce capability for all of our customers. So, I hope that you're all going to join us. Okay.  So as Amy mentioned, we're also looking forward to having you then at Investor Day, that will also be amazing. And we're expecting some awesome conversations with all of you. So that, I'll open it up to questions. So, everybody is online right now and we can take all your questions. So go ahead, Evan.
Marc Benioff: Let me take a swing at that. They're having the -- let me -- Number one, because of the Greenland deal that's happening here in Europe, and they realize that for them to continue to be successful in this environment and this economy, they're having to make a net 0 transformation and that's been very important to us.  We've merry made that transformation and now we're fully renewable as well as I mentioned. The second thing is, I think every CEO that I mentioned and talked to today and yesterday and probably in conversations that I've had in the last several months, I'm sure you're hearing that in your own sha -- with your [Indiscernible], but that's been very surprising to me. And I would say that's the second CEO priority.  And then I'd say that the third CEO priority is exactly what we've been talking about it here, which is size their employee is not coming back exactly as they wanted. I have some stories about when we first started talking about success from anywhere and those employees would have a choice between office, home, maybe working in an environment like we had last week in Hawaii with our leadman program.  Or as you know, we're building this new ranch. CEOs would call me and say, Marc, you don't understand, and I think now those calls have stopped, and people realize things have really changed. This pandemic has changed things, and work has changed, and when we talk about digital HQ, we might've been talking about a digital HQ before the pandemic, but after the pandemic, it means something very different.  And I think that what Bret said kind of on the fly there, which was very powerful, that he's obviously been an incredible entrepreneur as well as an operating executive in several companies, but because he was starting a new Company, he's not planning his physical office space, he's planning his digital office space. And we're running this call now on a cellphone and on Zoom. And it's very much an example of success from anywhere. But every Company estimates this transformation.  And that is what is driving our success going forward. This is not -- that the world has changed. But the past has gone. That we are in a new world. And yet we made, I don't think the Delta variant will be material to our business. If anything [Indiscernible] one of these things that we're going to see, we see [Indiscernible] seeing a constant now a parade of these variants going by. So, we know that in fact here in Europe if you haven't [Indiscernible] you probably should.  We're looking to [Indiscernible] life has to go on, and it is, and if you were here with me today, you'd say, well, there's probably some risk to what's going on. There probably is. But I'm vaccinated. Gavin is vaccinated. And we were running our business going on and I think that this is what we all have to kind of get our head around. And I think consumers how it is right here in Geneva, Switzerland, let me tell you. It's very, very different.  Today, my -- there's nobody at my office building right now, and also people are not wearing masks and all in-office buildings here. Everybody is supposed to wear a mask legally in San Francisco right now. So, this is what is amplifying us. So, we're in a tremendous [Indiscernible] never been more positioned [Indiscernible] or well, I would say Salesforce has never been better positioned for an economy and for a world. The first thing that I'd heard from [Indiscernible] business and this is where we're [Indiscernible]
Marc Benioff: [Indiscernible] Switched to several very powerful values, operating value. Since the pandemic started, the management team understands very well Salesforce, but we wanted to make sure that we're relevant to our customers, and that they understood our relevance. I don't think we've ever been more relevant. We also realized we had a lot of people who are really scared during the pandemic and we need to get down, to be confident, and that they could participate.  And I think that's definitely an asset. We need to make sure that we were able to execute tactically and strategically and to fully enable what you can see as an extremely large workforce heading towards to make sure those people are enabled and rolling and focused. And we've done that. I think in all of those things that the management team has executed.  I'm very grateful to the management team and how well they've done. We've also gone through a lot of management transformations. I'm sitting here looking also at Mark Pockets (ph.), who is our CFO in [Indiscernible] test. So, Mark, thank you for everything you've done for the Company as well. And he is on the call here helping us and coaching us through.  And Evan and -- you need to know that I look out at all over Ohana and all of our employees for everything that everyone has been through. We have a lot of these amazing moments. And this is not our last amazing moment. There are some more amazing moments coming. I'm very excited about the future. So, with that, I will turn it back over to you Evan.
Amy Weaver: Great, thanks, Gavin. And you're right, we use Slack to negotiate to do -- we conducted our due diligence, our negotiation, and integration for Slack. So, I do think that that's the ultimate example of a terrific sale, all conducted with Slack and Slack Connect. Marc, turning to your other question about operating margin, where we've really seen this growth this year. First, we are getting the benefit of very strong business performance in Q1 and Q2.  And that does it while it's brewing to provide profitability and that's while still investing in growth and absorbing the impact of M&A. Second, we are continuing to build on what we learned during the pandemic, about how we can work effectively in a digital-first to a hybrid environment.  Some examples of that, virtual go-to-market motions, sales enablement, which is largely virtual at this [Indiscernible] were digital. And also, a renewed emphasis on financial automation, which I believe will pay off in the long run. And then finally, it's simply an approach of disciplined decision-making. And when we're seeing those investment opportunities, we're taking a very hard look. We are challenging ourselves and we're finding ways to shift our operating model where necessary.
Amy Weaver: Great. Thanks, Kash. On the operating margin, as I said, I think we have to be able to drive growth and increasing profitability at the same time. As I mentioned, we've been doing that this year through terrific business performance, through efficiencies, through the work from anywhere, and as well as through discipline. And Marc talked about the new operating model. I actually like to think of it more as a new operating mindset.  And it's a real focus on discipline, and looking at what is going to make us a Company that not just only gets us at 50 billion, but makes us a strong, durable Company when we get there and positions us to sales through that. So, these are multiple changes around the Company, but I've been really gratified to see everyone jumping in. This has been really an effort from the entire executive leadership team.
Amy Weaver: Yeah, sure. Keith, to follow up the end of your question, [Indiscernible] and you said very powerfully [Indiscernible] this is a new world. We are not going back to the pre-pandemic way of working and we learned a lot during this period.  We learned how we can work effectively from anywhere, how we can sell virtually. And when you look at what is durable, I would say discipline is durable, and we need to [Indiscernible] forward, and just show you quarter-after-quarter that we can execute.
Gavin Patterson: The second question Kash. So, we've just come off our half-year review in Laulima, in Hawaii where we got our top 100 executives together in person, and reviewed the last 6 months and looked ahead into the future, and I was really happy and I was able to share two fantastic quarters to start the year.  And really strong demand, and really strong execution, and as I look into the second half of the year and I see that continuing, the pipeline's really strong, the conversations we're having with costumers are accelerating if anything. And so, we chose to make a decision 3 months ago because we could see this demand in the marketplace, we chose to increase our investments in a direct sales course, to get better coverage, with customers.  And that is the sound of our confidence in the business. So, I feel very confident that we can continue to grow top-line while delivering on expectations around an operating margin. It is a trade-off. I think that the balance that we can get between the 2 is making sure we seize the opportunities in the marketplace.  We're able to serve that demand. We can see from customers, there are multi-cloud deals that I was talking about earlier. While at the same time ensuring that we benefit from [Indiscernible] and we see that in the operating margin.
Gavin Patterson: Well, I think what's common, Marc, is there is -- this is a conversation that's happening with the CEO now. So digital customer transformation is no longer something that is going to get to down the organization. It's a conversation that's going on in the boardroom, CEO priority.  And that means we're getting, I think bigger deals, more multi-track deals, multi-year deals, and it's increasing the conversation about the Customer 360. The real focus is on time-to-value, which is good for us. We want as much -- we want our customers to be on a standard product as much as possible. Configuring, yes.  Customizing, not so much, because there's so much innovation coming through, and it's easier to do through staying on the standard path. So, it's -- be it in the U.S. or in Europe, we're seeing our business grow across the board both in terms of small customers on our end [Indiscernible] all the way up to multinationals. We're seeing increasingly bigger deals.  And we highlighted our [Indiscernible] in terms of recurring revenue in this quarter. In the public [Indiscernible] to do, but we're seeing more and more, not just million dollars plus deals, but $10 million deals coming through the business. And that's a sign of, I think the increase in [Indiscernible] the Salesforce offers what it needs to businesses.
Gavin Patterson: I want to talk a little bit about the pipe and margin of confidence [Indiscernible] excellence if you like it and grip on the operating metrics around the pipe going forward. I have great confidence in what I can see.  We spent a lot of time in those organizations contributing through participation and through enablement, through productivity, and really driving performance across each of the OUs. We've flattened the structure so that we can move in a more agile manner and give more accountability to operating [Indiscernible] focus on -- in a [Indiscernible] metrics around the sales operation.  That means that I can have confidence as I look forward to what we're going to deliver over the next fiscal as well. I think it's about the spike. So, the strength across the board [Indiscernible] the numbers that we've released today [Indiscernible] I see that going forwards, all Clouds are contributing. There isn't any weakness across.
Gavin Patterson: Geographically, just to finish with, the gains trends across the board. You know the U.S. consistently growing 20% plus in revenue. A mere 32% this quarter. APAC 26%. So, we're growing across the board and growth internationally is not coming at expense of growth in the U.S. and that's why we're posting these really strong numbers. And that strength... cool cloud is something that we've really --
