Mike Spencer: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today on our fiscal 2024 second quarter results conference call. Our press release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our website. Joining me on the call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO; Amy Weaver, President and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Millham, President and Chief Operating Officer. As a reminder, our commentary today will include non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings materials and press release. Some of our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which could change. Should any of these risks materialize or should our assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. A description of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions and other factors that could affect our financial results is included in our SEC filings including our most recent report on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. And with that, let me hand the call over to Marc.
Mike Spencer: Thanks, Amy. Emma we'll go to move to Q&A portion of our call now. Out of respect for others on the call, we ask everyone to ask only one question. Emma, please.
Mike Spencer: Thanks, Brent, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to seeing everyone hopefully at Dreamforce in a few weeks.
Marc Benioff: And I think I would be remiss if I didn't call on an Ariel Kelman who's sitting here at the table with us to talk about Dreamforce and also talk about a number of the incredible new technologies that are turning to -- Ariel, can you give us a little bit of an insight to what we're going to see in some of these catalysts remains the next level of growth for Salesforce that are going to occur.
Marc Benioff: Well, we were sorry to lose you to Amazon and then to Oracle, but we're happy to have you back here. So welcome back.
Marc Benioff: Well, I really would like to just directly address that, which is what you're really speaking to is this incredible opportunity ahead, and generative AI is really that opportunity, but also many other opportunities, including data. I really think that there are some unbelievable opportunities ahead. It's going to be incredible to see what we're going to be able to do. And I think that the question is, exactly as you said it, how much are we going to really unleash -- the fundamental growth of the company against commitments that we have made to our investors to continue to deliver profitable growth. I think that at the very fundamental level, starting with our Investor Day last Dreamforce, we told you that we are committed to profitable growth. And now you can see that we were serious. It wasn't a joke. We did a number of things. We curtailed things. We made changes structurally to the company, short-term and long-term issues. And we're still doing things, by the way, to do that. At the same time, we see this incredible opportunity that's out in the industry, new companies that are emerging as well as, of course, all kinds of unusual public company dislocation. So we're watching all of those things. But number one is going to be our commitment to you. Nothing is more important than the trust that we have with our investors. Number two is, we are very thirsty to make sure that Salesforce is the number one AI CRM, and we have done a lot organically to do that in the last six months. Of course, there's things out there that we could do to help us with inorganic as well. We're looking at those things. We're looking at everything, but nothing is going to ever trump the trust that we have with all of you.
Marc Benioff: Well, I think it's such a great question. It's something the management team is talking about every single day because we are continuing to grow and invest in our headcount, especially in AI. Also, I think I mentioned we are doing so much incredible innovation work on our core, and we've commanded our engineering teams to accelerate their work in moving all of our acquisitions into our core, especially our marketing products and commerce products and Data Cloud, all of which we plan to show you at Dreamforce and to accelerate that work, and that's extremely important to us. And also Brian has a number of products and geographies that are growing and we've also committed him to invest in his growth. So we are continuing to grow our headcount, but we are also facing normalized attrition, of course, with headcount, that's also part of it. And so as those -- both of those things get rebalanced, you'll continue to see our head count adjust and move forward. I don't know if we can call this as a bottom exactly yet or if it's -- but we're not planning any other major restructuring efforts in the company today, like what we saw earlier this year, we hope that, that is one and done and behind us.
Marc Benioff: Well, thank you so much for that. And let me just say, we're at the beginning of quite a ballgame here and we're really looking at the evolution of artificial intelligence in a broad way, and you're really going to see it take place over four major zones. And the first major zone is what's played out in the last decade, which has been predictive. That's been amazing. That's why Salesforce will deliver about a trillion transactions on Einstein this week. It's incredible. These are mostly predictive transactions, but we're moving rapidly into the second zone that we all know is generative AI and these GPT products, which we've now released to our customers. We're very excited about the speed of our engineering organization and technology organization, our product organization and their ability to deliver customer value with generative AI. We have tremendous AI expertise led by an incredible AI research team. And this idea that we're kind of now in a generative zone means that's zone number two. But as you're going to see at Dreamforce, zone number three is opening up with autonomous and with agent-based systems as well. This will be another level of growth and another level of innovation that we haven't really seen unfold yet from a lot of companies, and that's an area that we are excited to do a lot of innovation and growth and to help our customers in all those areas. And then we're eventually going to move into AGI and that will be the fourth area. And I think as we move through these four zones, CRM will become more important to our customers than ever before. Because you're going to be able to get more automation, more intelligence, more productivity, more capabilities, more augmentation of your employees, as I mentioned. And you're right, we're going to see a wide variety of capability is exactly like you said, whether it's the call summaries and account overviews and deal insights and inside summaries and in-product assistance or mobile work briefings. I mean, when I look at things like service, when we see the amount of case deflection we can do and productivity enhancements with our service teams not just in replies and answers, but also in summaries and summarization. We've seen how that works with generative and how important that is in knowledge generation and auto-responding conversations and then we're going to have the ability for our customers to -- with our product. We have an open system. We're not we're not dictating that they have to use any one of these AI systems. We have an ecosystem. Of course, we have our own models and our own technology that we have given to our customers, but we're also investing in all of these companies, and we plan to be able to offer them as opportunities for those customers as well, and they'll be able to deliver all kinds of things. And you'll see that whether it's going to end up being contract digitization and cost generation or survey generators or all kinds of campaign assistance. And the most recently in our world tour in London, we showed how our Data Cloud did automatic marketing segmentation that was incredible. And you're going to see a lot more that's going to happen in all of these things. A lot of it, you can see happening in Slack. Slack has become incredible for these AI companies, every AI company that we've met with is a Slack company. All of them make their agents available for Slack first. We saw that, for example, with Anthropic, where Cloud really appeared first and Cloud 2, first in Slack. And Anthropic, as a company uses Slack internally and they have a -- they take their technology and develop news digest every day and newsletters and they do incredible things with Slack -- Slack is just a treasure trove of information for artificial intelligence, and you'll see us deliver all kinds of new capabilities in Slack along these lines. And we're working, as I've mentioned, get Slack to wake up and become more aware and also for Slack to be able to do all of the things that I just mentioned. One of the most exciting things I think you're going to see at Dreamforce is Slack very much as a vision for the front end of all of our core products. We're going to show you an incredible new capability that we call Slack Sales Elevate, which is promoting our core Sales Cloud system running right inside Slack. That's going to be amazing, and we're going to also see how we're going to release and deliver all of our core services in sales force through Slack. This is very important for our company to deliver Slack very much as a tremendous easy-to-use interface on the core Salesforce, but also all these AI systems. So all of that is that next generation of artificial intelligence capability, and I'm really excited to show all of that to you at Dreamforce as well as Data Cloud as well.
Marc Benioff: Well, I'm really excited as well. And I'll tell you, you're sitting next to Sabastian Niles, our new Chief Legal Officer, just joined us from Wachtell. Sabastian, we're happy to have you here live for the first earnings call and welcome to Salesforce. And I know this is going to be your first Dreamforce and give us a vision of what you're excited about for the future.
Marc Benioff: Well, I'll tell you that's certainly on my mind every single day. And you're right, I'm a growth CEO. So that's what I like to do. I like to grow. I mean that's been about growing margins for the last six months, so that's a reframe for me. But we've grown this business to these incredible revenue numbers this year, third largest software company in the world. And as we kind of head into these incredible next levels of capability, I'm very excited about the future. And there's lots and lots of ways to move the top line forward. But I'll tell you, now I am quite addicted to the bottom line as well. And also, as I said earlier, there's nothing more important than the trust that I have with all of our stakeholders, including our investors. So I want to make sure that we fulfill our commitments and promises to all of you, just as we have in the last three earnings calls, we've delivered exactly as we've told you we are going to do, and we're going to continue to do that. At the same time, you know that I am thinking about how are we going to move this ball forward and down the field with these incredible opportunities in front of us. So it's very much has to be a balanced equation to make this right, to make it right for us and to make it right for you, and I'd love to have that conversation in more depth in the next couple of weeks. As we all come to Dreamforce, I hope you'll seek me out and find me and let's have that conversation one-on-one, just as we have been having in the last six months. I want to do what I've been doing for the last couple of quarters, which is to express my sincere gratitude to all of you and our investors have been a critical part you've had key insights, many of which we did not have ourselves on things that we could do to make us an even stronger company. And we've done that, I'm sure you can see that in the numbers. There's never been a software company quite like this at this level even now as we start to cross into these incredible numbers in the mid-$30 billion numbers, the strength of the company has never been higher, and now we have this incredible opportunity with AI ahead.
