Marc Benioff: Well, thank you so much, John, and thank you to everyone attending today's earnings call. As we all get in together here and gathering for the call during Thanksgiving week, this is definitely a unique time, and I just want to especially say on behalf of everybody at Salesforce that we have much to be grateful for. We're certainly aware, especially now that we have more responsibility, to focus on helping others, and that was especially felt by all of us at Dreamforce. Honestly, that's why our thoughts remain so deeply with the victims and those who have lost their homes just this quarter in Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and the 6,000 families in our local Bay Area who have lost their homes in these tragic wildfires. And we know that, that's especially difficult as we head into the holidays. Salesforce, with the help of 80 companies in solidarity on these efforts, is really doing its part. And less than 2 weeks ago with the Band Together concert held in San Francisco during Dreamforce, we, with all of you, helped raise $17 million for the fire victims with 100% of the funds going directly to the families affected, and I wanted to say thank you to all of you for helping out on that. After Thanksgiving, we are going to announce another very exciting new program, and I will ask all of you to help me in raising even more money for these families who have lost everything. So thanks again to all of you who have contributed so much, and thank you to your support in the future as well. Now as we move on, I want to just say that we've been able to do well in our business while helping those less fortunate than us. And to that end, we are now going to talk about the results for the third quarter, which were a record for Salesforce. Revenue rose to nearly $2.7 billion, up 25%, and that was just incredible. We are organically adding the revenue of most other cloud companies now every year, and you can see that as we start to deliver guidance for next year. We have nearly $15.9 billion in booked business on and off the balance sheet. That's up 31% from a year ago. In fact, we added more than $3.8 billion to this balance since last year. And based on these strong results, we're raising our full year top line revenue guidance by $40 million to $10.44 billion at the high end of the range, 24% growth this year and delivering durable top and bottom line well into the future. And I think if you look back to where we were a year ago when we first gave guidance for this year, we've dramatically improved what we thought we were going to be able to do, and it's really thanks to our incredible team at Salesforce and to all of our customers and partners as well. Now looking ahead, we told you Dreamforce for next year, we're now guiding revenue to $12.5 billion. This is at the high end of our range. And I'm especially proud that Fortune Magazine just ranked Salesforce #1 on its inaugural Future 50 list of companies best positioned for breakout growth, and we're very excited about that recognition that we've received and other recognition from them as well just this week. In fact, as the fastest growing enterprise software company ever to reach $10 billion, we are now targeting to grow the company organically to more than $20 billion by fiscal year '22, and we plan to do that, to be the fastest enterprise software company ever to get to $20 billion. As -- and as we continue on this path, we're going to invest in a new generation of leaders at Salesforce to continue to power our growth, and that's why I'm so excited to make this announcement that we have a tremendous promotion. Bret Taylor is taking on the role of President and Chief Product Officer, and Alex Dayon has been also promoted to position of President and Chief Strategy Officer. Both of these tremendous executives are now reporting directly to me and are really a critical part of our management team. And in these new roles, Bret is going to drive our product vision, design, development, go-to-market strategy, and Alex is going to lead strategic initiatives, working more closely with our customers on product direction and transformation. And I'm sure everyone on this call agrees that we are fortunate to have 2 amazing leaders at Salesforce to help us lead this next wave. And Bret is in the room with us, and we're going to talk to him in a second. Alex is on vacation in Asia with his family, but we are just thrilled for both of them. In closing, I just want to appreciate everything that you have done for all of us. We appreciate everything that -- and know how hard all of you work to make Salesforce successful as well. And also, thank you for coming to Dreamforce. We want to send all of our best wishes to your families for a happy Thanksgiving. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Keith. 
Marc Benioff: Well, I'll tell you, I'm going to tip that question actually to Bret if that's all right with you because I think that he could really address specifically this kind of -- what's happening with AI. Obviously, we've had a tremendous year with Salesforce with AI since releasing Einstein a year ago and now just releasing My Einstein at Dreamforce. We have seen an incredible advancement in artificial intelligence use at our customers. And I think you saw as well in the example I gave in my keynote of a Coca-Cola cooler and the dramatic advances that we can make with technology like that using Einstein Vision, what it means. And I think the speed that we are delivering and onboarding these customers with artificial intelligence, especially using our declarative model, that this has demonstrated to them the -- a lot of the advantages of going to the cloud. But let me tip it to Bret for his perspective. 
Marc Benioff: That's a great question. So I think that we continue to make very significant investments in our innovation. I think that's one of the reasons why you saw both Forbes and Fortune say that Salesforce.com is the most innovative company in the world this year and why we have been selected on those most innovative list probably more than any other company in our industry in the last 5 years. And we continue to make both organic innovation. And you've seen us, and I think Bret is a great example of this, bring in organic innovation into our company as well. Even Alex Dayon is an example of that. Both Alex and Brett were CEOs of companies that we acquired. And I think as Parker and I have run the company together over the last 18 years, we continue to have what we call beginner's mind when it comes to innovation. That is we're constantly amazed at all the technology and innovation and capability that is coming through our industry, and we look at how can we use that technology, whether we build it internally or whether it's coming externally to benefit our customers. And that philosophy has really benefited us really dramatically, and we've tried to stay away from traditional kind of NIH type environments, not -- which kind of NIH stands for not invented here and kind of be open to new executives and new companies, new technologies coming to Salesforce. Parker continues to run, and as our Chief Technology Risk Officer, responsible for all aspects of technology and engineering. He's my Co-Founder of the company and runs all of our engineering efforts and infrastructure efforts. Bret is our Chief Product Officer and President and Chief Product Officer now. And he is responsible for the overall product management org and marketing organization and as well as clarity of all the products that we're building and responsibility for defining those products and delivering those products. And Alex is now taking on a new responsibility that I feel is extremely important for the company, which is why I asked him to take this position, which is our Chief Strategy Officer, to help us to map out not to $20 billion because we have short-term clarity to that but really, beyond that, that Salesforce just has so much potential that as we really map out to become, I think, an extremely large company from where we are now, we need to have an executive team completely dedicated to mapping out the future. And Alex is going to be absolutely amazing in that role and has been -- done an incredible job since we first acquired his company. I think it's almost been a decade ago. So I want to congratulate both Bret and Alex on that, and Parker and I could not be more thrilled to -- with the state of our technology. And I don't think that there's a better mirror of that than Dreamforce, where, as Parker and I walk through together at the show, we were just amazed at the level of customer success. 
Marc Benioff: Okay. I'll take the Service Cloud question, and then I'll throw it to Keith on Europe since he was there last week. I think on Service Cloud, this remains an incredibly exciting opportunity. I expect some of the acceleration numbers that you saw this quarter to continue for the next couple of quarters, and I'd be disappointed if they didn't. I -- Service Cloud has had a huge year for us this year, and we have some just amazing things happening with Service Cloud. You saw that at the show, especially in regards to some of the next-generation capabilities of customer service, including this idea of bots and Einstein bots that there's not just kind of traditional call center environment, not just the traditional customer service portal but that an incredible new customer channel is emerging with bots. So we're going to see that be a huge part, I think, of Service Cloud. Service Cloud has done a phenomenal job becoming the #1 customer service solution in the world not only by revenue but also rated by Gartner in their customer engagement Magic Quadrant. And as -- has grown so fast, you've seen a kind of an acceleration of that management team and growth of that management team. So as it went from 0 to $100 million, it had a different management team. In fact, that was run by Alex Dayon at the time, went from $100 million to $1 billion. It had a different management team as it went from $1 billion to $2 billion. And now as it goes from $2 billion to $5 billion, I expect it will continue to accelerate and grow. And that management team just changed again, and we couldn't be more excited with the team that we brought in to run Service Cloud. And I'll turn it over to Keith. 
Marc Benioff: Well, thank you very much. And in closing for the call, I really want to appreciate all of you who have joined us during Thanksgiving week and taking your time. And I wish all of you and your families the very best for this holiday weekend, and I hope that you all have a healthy and safe Thanksgiving. At Salesforce, we have always been a company that believes in doing well and doing good, and as you know, that's because we're committed to a core set of values, trust, growth, innovation and the equality of every human being. And I'll tell you that it sees values and it's reminded at this time of Thanksgiving as much as these incredible technologies that bring so many amazing people, partners and yes, you, as well our investors, to Salesforce. You also know that's why 171,000 people registered for Dreamforce this year, the amazing energy that was there, incredible experience with so many people, and an additional almost 11 million people viewed it online with us. We're aspiring to build a company for the ages and a brand and a culture that will make the world a better place not simply for another quarter or another year but for decades to come. So with all of that, I want to thank you again for attending the call and to have a happy Thanksgiving. 
Bret Taylor: Yes, sure. I mean, the trend we're seeing with so many customers, like Marc mentioned, is not just being a B2B company or a B2C company but sometimes both, whether it's Ducati connecting with their customers or customers that sell directly and sell to distributors. And what I really think is so powerful about the Salesforce Platform is we're the one CRM platform that can do both, whether you're a B2B company, which is where we started or you're a B2C company doing traditional marketing through our Marketing Cloud or you're a company that's a hybrid. The reason our vendors -- the reason our partners are choosing us as their vendor is because we offer a platform that can do both now and also grow them in the future. And it's really unique in these capabilities to truly provide that single view of the customer whether or not you -- they bought their product directly or indirectly. And it's something I think is a real strategic advantage for our product line and the area that we're investing in primarily. 
Bret Taylor: Yes. I think your -- the question was spot on. I think the artificial intelligence and the features we're launching with Einstein perfectly capture the power of the cloud. Our customers don't need to buy new hardware. With every release, they get these new capabilities automatically. And that is the power of the cloud. We are constantly re-architecting our systems to incorporate the latest and greatest technologies that our customers can use to transform their businesses. And because it's based on the cloud, it's just as simple as turning them on. And as Marc mentioned, it's not just cloud and on-prem. It's also the way we package them. You heard a lot about -- at Dreamforce about Trailblazers, and what this means to us is taking these technologies and enabling our customers to use them with clicks, not code. And fundamentally, our vision is to broaden the base of people who can adopt these new technologies within their companies beyond just computer programmers and experts and data scientists, but anyone with a domain expertise in their industry can actually adopt these new technologies. I think the combination of that declarative platform that Marc mentioned and that focus on clicks, not code, combined with the benefits of the release capabilities of the cloud, is truly unique to Salesforce in the CRM market. 
Bret Taylor: Yes, sure. I mean, the one thing I'd add -- I mean, the one thing to emphasize, as Marc said, is the power of Lightning is it's not just a new interface. It's a declarative platform. And what we've talked about over and over again but it's really important to internalize is this means that people who are experts in their business who are not necessarily experts at computer programming can make meaningful business applications that transform their companies and transform relationship with their customers. So it's truly an enabler. And I think that you heard one of the themes is just helping companies with their change management as they transform their businesses from the classic interface to Lightning. And you saw that in our Dreamforce announcements with the continued investments in Trailhead. Trailhead is our learning platform. And at Dreamforce, we launched a platform called My Trailhead that's enabling companies to customize this learning platform to be accustomed to their businesses. And this is really -- feeds into our company strategies to move to this new platform and also feeds into enabling a broader base with their employees to participate as developers on the Salesforce ecosystem, which is a big part of our Lightning strategy. 
Bret Taylor: Yes. I would say -- I mean, you're going to hear a lot of the same themes because I think they're truly transformational multiyear. The first is Trailhead. We really do think that our differentiator as a company is the community of people who've been built around it. There's a lot of folks here who have made mid-career transitions into technology because of the power of Salesforce and the power of Trailhead. We do believe it's an on-ramp for more people in our society to benefit from the economic opportunities of technology. And you see that when 170,000 people show up at San Francisco every year. They're there because they've defined their careers on Salesforce, and it really represents the opportunity we think we can provide just to really broad base of people beyond just the select few who have benefited from technology in the past. The second is artificial intelligence. We launched Einstein last year. You saw it was a big part of our Dreamforce announcements this year. We're just at the beginning stages of intelligence's impact on all of our businesses and all of our customers' businesses. We feel an obligation to help our customers navigate this, help employees navigate the changes to their jobs. And we know that as we sort of build not just products but platforms, help companies apply these very complex technologies in very simple ways. And that's always been our vision there. And then the final area of focus is our platform. Businesses use our products because they're customizable and extensible. It applies to our industry solutions that Keith was talking about. This is really the future for our growth, is enabling people not to have a "one size fits all" version of Salesforce but truly customize and extend and benefit from this ecosystem around Salesforce. So those are my areas of focus. 
Bret Taylor: No. I think the main point is we're really excited to partner with all of these different vendors so that we can essentially apply the best infrastructure strategy for the region and customer that we're deploying in. And that kind of flexibility I consider a strategic advantage, and expanding partnerships has been a great opportunity to have more flexibilities and move forward. 
Mark Hawkins: Okay. Let me -- if I may just jump in to the tail end of that question, Heather. Also, I mean, obviously, Marketing Cloud was completely covered. In terms of the attrition rate, we've had core attrition that we've been reporting. We added on also Marketing Cloud and Pardot as part of the -- as we keep integrating the different acquisitions, and that trend has been flat year-on-year. So in aggregate, the more aggregated number taking our core plus adding in the Marketing Cloud and Pardot is 10%, and it's stable year-on-year. 
Mark Hawkins: Yes, sure. Yes, let me jump into the seasonality. I think, Keith, I think you make a really good point. The first thing that gives you context, we see this persistent trend about evolving seasonality as you're touching on, and at the same time, it's informed in any given period, in any given quarter by what happened in that quarter. And we had a very strong quarter as we talked about. And it's evidenced by our total DR growing 31% in aggregate, and you can see the delta even to what our prediction was earlier, so very strong Q3 '18. And then you put that in juxtaposition to when you look at Q4 and last year's very, very tough compare, and that just adds a little bit of context, which is why the DR guide makes sense, 20% at the high end after applying that context. So that -- I think the pattern is persistent by this context with a very, very strong Q3 and a tough Q4 compare. We feel great about the 20%. We think it's the biggest new business renewal quarter of the year, and we think the guide's appropriate. 
Mark Hawkins: Okay. Kash, let me take the third part of the question here. You had kind of a multi-dimension to that. But the first thing is in terms of your assessment of kind of unit economics, I can't exactly see the analysis that you're doing, but I think we've long affirmed on a unit economic basis that mid-30s operating margin long term is certainly viable. The -- and that's what we're experiencing. Secondly, in terms of Q3, I agree with your assessment, very strong operating margin expanding 360 basis points, good scaling both in sales and marketing and G&A as planned and -- as planned for the year, which keeps us intact for our whole plan for delivering the operating margin percent improvement for the year on higher revenue base of course. And I think that also sets us up for finishing the fourth year in a row of expanding our operating margin consistent with the way we said we would. And as I mentioned, as you touched on to the forward-looking periods for '19, on the call in February, I'll also communicate the fifth year in a row of operating margin expansion at the same time while we've been doing this durable growth and driving this incredible opportunity going forward. As you touched on the last point, which is FY '22, like what to expect, I think the thing that I would say to you is, again, we'll talk about operating margin in '19. But as I said at Dreamforce, if you want to get in the right ZIP Code, you should just think about the kind of operating margin improvement we've been delivering while delivering this durable growth in the last couple of years. I think that's a good reference point. We know that, that will be helpful, and we also know that we have an incredible $105 billion TAM and a great setup in front of us. So hope that gives you the context. 
Mark Hawkins: Sure, happy to do so, Karl. Thank you. First of all with ASC 606 for the new revenue standard, that would be live on the 1st of February. The key thing there is we will have a roll forward for the billed deferred revenue. That's for sure. And then we're also going to provide some information on the unbilled DR, so you'll have the information that you need. Obviously, things are changing, and the standard is such that the new information will be what you need effectively. So I don't know how to explain it better than to say that, fundamentally, the standard has changed. We're going to give good visibility to the information people need, and the world has just fundamentally changed in terms of what is expected, including the roll-forward balance sheet. That's the first thing I would say. The second thing I would say is in terms of the seasonality of the operating cash flow, you're absolutely right, Karl. You can see it on the compounding and the attachment on the IR slide deck, that continued compounding on the invoicing side and how that impacts, obviously, cash flow. The thing that I would say to you that's a little bit special this quarter, special context, if you will, a, you touched on Dreamforce timing. And then, b, you know we had a very, very strong quarter as evidenced by 31% growth in our total DR, both billed and unbilled, and there's commissions that come with that strong performance and including those commissions, have an impact on our cash in the short term. But the thing that I would say to you is the cash flow guidance is intact for the year. We're going to deliver the guidance that we had promised, and there's just a little bit of wiggle due to a couple of these different factors. That's what I would say. 
Keith Block: Mark, this is Keith. So just to follow up on the second part of that question, which is really about the public sector, I do believe we are reaching a tipping point. This is an initiative, certainly in this country, where the modernization of technology within the governments has been discussed. I would argue that it was launched really under the Obama administration, and in fact, one of our former employees was a CIO, as you know, of the federal government who was really one of the people who lead the effort of cloud first, which is very important. But now we're seeing increased momentum around this digital transformation. The deal that we signed with the Department of Homeland Security is certainly an indication of the modernization of the government. This is on the heels of the VA that we did last quarter. In fact, I had opportunity to spend quite a bit of time with the VA folks at Dreamforce. And some agencies are ahead of others. I think Homeland Security is ahead of some of the others. Thankfully, I think, we would all say. But I think it is the beginning of the public sector kind of catching up to where the private sector has been going for quite a few years now. So it is pretty exciting around the transformation. 
Keith Block: Okay. So let me take the first part of that, and obviously, Mark can respond to it. So what wall to wall really means is a multi-cloud deal. It's a solution that means it includes sales, service, marketing, cloud, community analytics, Einstein, et cetera. Depending on whether it's a B2B customer or a B2C customer, it may include Commerce Cloud and DMP. So as you know, our selling motion is to initially establish a beachhead with Sales Cloud, which is typically a leading indicator of new logos. And we will paint a vision of transformation, and the customer will start with the deployment of Sales Cloud. And then we expand out to the right. And that will typically include Sales Cloud to Service Cloud to Marketing Cloud, et cetera, to Platform. More and more customers are deepening our -- their relationships with us, and it's becoming more and more strategic around embracing this notion of digital transformation, which, again, means more multi-cloud solutions. And certainly, the strategic relationships that we expanded this quarter or established as new are an indication of satisfying that requirement and painting a vision for those customers and driving tangible business benefit. Mark, I don't know if you... 
Keith Block: Well, I think we're all ready for cocktails. But the -- no, look, the -- customers are ultimately looking for solutions. From internal to external perspective, as we manage the business and as we manage the portfolio, we are big believers in specialization. We organize around specialization, whether it's industry or our product lines so that we can make sure that we bring the best experience and the most rich content we possibly can to the customer. And from a customer perspective, when you think about their buying patterns, they want to buy a solution. If -- every customer is buying technology because they have a business problem to solve. So our job is to paint the vision for the future in a relative industry or relative size customer in a geography and paint that solution, mapping our technology capabilities, bringing the entire portfolio to bear to solve that business problem. And that's what we see every single day. 
Keith Block: So I'll take this one. Look, the good news is that we have a very, very balanced portfolio. And as we've discussed on the call and Marc and I have seen this over the last 24 months, there is a very accelerated increase in CEO-level dialogue. So that dialogue is all about digital transformation. And in some cases, they have a position on the particular topic, but in many cases, they're asking us for our point of view as I said earlier and for us to paint a vision about what that digital transformation. That is becoming a more, I would say, more frequent dialogue. Now Marc alluded to this earlier. The appetite to digest a full wall-to-wall digital transformation from the first interaction with a CEO is actually very, very rare. Typically, it is we love the vision, we understand what the future brings, whether it's our B2C platform, our B2B platform, what artificial intelligence and Einstein can bring, but let's start off incrementally and prove the value. And then we can go wall to wall. But the level of dialogue has up leveled significantly with respect to what levels in the organization we're talking to and what our capabilities are. I mean, just last week, I was in Europe and met with over 50 CEOs, and the topic was all about digital transformation and how these companies move. So it's becoming more and more frequent. 
Keith Block: Yes. So as you know, our whole ecosystem focus on partners is 1 of our 3 growth levers along with industry specialization and the international expansion. And when you think about specifically the SIs, and again, in my trip to Europe last week, I was with the CEOs of 2 of the 5 global firms. They have incredible reach. They're in the boardroom. They're able to paint a vision alongside with us. Many times, we go into the boardroom or with a C-level suite together. But just as important is our ability to drive the success of the customer, and that's where we need these very close relationships with the SIs. So it is a huge leverage point from us in terms of our ability to drive these transformations from both the selling and delivery perspective. And those relationships with the SIs are very, very healthy. Again, we enjoy a 360-degree view -- or, excuse me, relationship with these SIs. The top 5 all run their business on Salesforce. Their fastest growing practices are all the Salesforce practice, which is great news. And some of them, as you know, are actually transforming their own business and becoming ISVs and building product like Accenture has done traditionally and others have talked to us about as well. So it is a huge leverage point. It drives customer success, which is what we're all about. And it's a huge part of our strategy and it's paying off. You can see it in the results. 
Keith Block: Yes. Okay, so generally speaking, when we sell a vertical solution or a product, let's say, like Financial Services Cloud, that is more likely to err on the side of the transformation. So those have a tendency to be larger deals, which kind of goes to the second part of your question, which is every time we sell one of these vertical solutions, it drags the other components of our customer success platform. So it may drag Service Cloud. It may drag Sales Cloud. It may drag Analytics. It may drag Einstein. But there is a more likely chance that when we sell one of these products like Financial Services Cloud, that it will drive a pretty substantial sized relationship into the future. So it drives more of a transformation, and it also brings along other products with it. 
Keith Block: Yes. Just a quick comment on that as well. Listen, the innovation around Service Cloud has been fantastic. I think the product team has done a wonderful job. If you talk to any company, one of the ways that they differentiate themselves is service. And certainly, another accelerator on that business has been field service Lightning. KONE was prominently -- and the CEO of KONE was prominently on display at Dreamforce, talking about their own transformation and how they're leveraging field service. In fact, they're co-innovating around that product with us. So that has certainly helped accelerate our Service Cloud growth. With respect to Europe, again, I did my European tour last week, hitting 5 countries, and it was very interesting in talking to these CEOs. I think it's pretty clear that when you look at the macro environment, at least the governments, what's going on in the U.K., what's going on with the Germany -- in Germany, it's a little bit of uncertainty. So our great performance in Europe is just incredible execution. There is clearly a need and a thirst for digital transformation. There is a need and a thirst for customer engagement. That's why you have companies like adidas and KONE and ING and others in all these great industries and these great brands that want to take a step into the move or -- move -- future, excuse me, around this digital transformation. So it's great execution. It is a thirst for moving into this new era that we're in, this new fourth industrial revolution. And I don't believe this has anything to do with lift or any particular headwind one way or the other with the macro environment. We are just executing and taking share. I mean, if you look at the overall market data, again, IDC market data suggests that we are growing 3x that of the CRM market. So it's -- again, I think it speaks volumes about our products, our customers, our partners and our employee execution. 
