Bret Taylor: Yes, sure. When we talk to our customers, they talk about three main priorities as it relates to integration. They want to create customer experiences that transcend individual customer touch points. They want to integrate sales, service, and marketing into a single seamless customer experience. They want to make sure that they have multiple acquisitions and multiple regulatory climates, because they exist across international borders that they can accomplish that with our platform. And they want to unlock the data from other legacy systems, and bring it into these customer systems. So they can do these transformations around their customers. And about the point you’re asking about Einstein is very insightful. They know that their AI is only as powerful as data it has access to. And so when you think of MuleSoft think unlocking data. The data is trapped in all these isolated systems on-premises, private cloud, public cloud, and MuleSoft they can unlock this data and make it available to Einstein and make a smarter customer facing system. And that’s what we’re hoping to achieve with MuleSoft. And I think the thing you heard from Marc that I’ve heard over and over again from customers is that integration is a strategic priority for our customers, because without it they can't move fast enough on their customer facing systems. So we’d like to say it unlocks the clock speed of innovation, and that’s what we’re really seeing from our customers. And I hope we’ll accelerate our ambitions with Einstein.
Bret Taylor: Well, I think the reason why Einstein has gotten so much adoption, so much traction is because it’s simple to use. The power of the Salesforce platform is you just turn it on. And with things like our Commerce Cloud, you can do very simple things with Einstein to sort the products differently in your product listings, and you'll drive more GMV and drive more transactions, because of the better customer experience showing better products to the right people at the right time. Every single one of our cloud benefits from Einstein in this way. And by making it easy to adopt and easy to use, our customers are actually seeing the value of AI without hiring a legion of data scientists, and that's really the promise of Einstein and really our philosophy behind building AI for CRM is our ability to make it easy for our customers to use and adopt, and benefit from this revolution we're seeing in AI.
Bret Taylor: That's absolutely right. I mean, we see one of the biggest barriers for our customers in adopting AI is just how challenging it is to understand and use. And we view the value of Einstein and the value of integrating it deeply into our platform is that ease of turning it on and actually seeing the impact on your business immediately. And that's what we aspired to achieve with Einstein.
Bret Taylor: So to start to talk about our integration cloud and MuleSoft, our focus right now is bringing MuleSoft to in the Company and making sure that were consulting with every single one of our customers and every single one of our engagements about their integration strategy. Just helping them knowing that every digital transformation starts and ends with the customer, how can we help them set up an application network and unlock this data to transform their customer experience, is not starting now. MuleSoft has just incredible customers success, and so we're looking to accelerate that with our amazing distribution team, all the deep customer relationships we've had. And really attaching to the strategy that Keith’s team has around speaking language of our customer and talking through the lens of healthcare, through the lens of finance and really helping people realize and transform their customer experience, you need to unlock the data from every system at your company. We’ll be adding to that over the course of connections and Dreamforce with out-of-the-box solutions for across our cloud built on MuleSoft and built on the integration cloud over the course of the year.
Bret Taylor: One thing I might add on to just one tack on here thing that might help you, Adam, is that one attribute that might help you in Q2 is just to know that when we guided UR, we guided it off of our core which excluded the MuleSoft. And the one thing you should think about is that we think about URs adding for MuleSoft, $75 million to $100 million. So that might be useful to you as one other attribute that might be helpful.
Bret Taylor: I think, MuleSoft is interesting, because the power of integration, as you can integrate every system, every device and every user you want to reach, every customer. And that means you have to go wherever your systems are, on-prem, on mobile devices, everywhere. So we are extremely committed to the neutrality of the MuleSoft platform. When I say neutrality, it means it connects every system, whether or not the system is related to Salesforce, because that’s the power of integration. And we want to unlock data from every system and bring all of that data to wherever your customers are, on every device. And so I think MuleSoft is special in that respect, because that’s the power of integration. And as Marc said, from technology standpoint, we’re committed to the cloud, because it means we can deliver innovation to the customers faster, three times a year, consistently since the company was founded. And we think that’s the power of the cloud. But as you'll see what MuleSoft is, if our customers need us to have different architectures to unlock innovation, we'll go there. And I think you're seeing that with integration. And then we’ll continue to have that beginners' mind, which I think is vital for innovation. But we're committed to the cloud, we're committed to that piece of innovation delivery, which is really the reason why we’ve seen so many customers recommit to us over the years, it's because, they know they are just getting the product through us today, but the products that we’ll be delivering over the coming years.
Bret Taylor: I think the thing that I’ve noticed from the industry is the confluence of the controversy is driving a lot of technology companies and Silicon Valley recently with GDPRs making trust really the number one topic for a lot of our customers with us. And you’ve heard us talk a lot about trust in the context of our customers’ trust in our platforms. We also want our platform to be a mechanism that our customers can use to engender trust with their consumer and with their customers. As you are a multinational right now, you're dealing with different regulatory frameworks in different regions. And one of the strengths of our platform is to be able to not only have maybe in personalized marketing and commerce experience with your consumers, but do so in a trusted way. They can handle all the different regulatory permutations that you deal with on a daily basis as a multinational company. And when you think of the strength of having one platform for your system of records for your customers, I think it's really the rapidly changing regulatory landscape and the rapidly changing expectation of consumers, is really striking our position with our customers right now, because it’s so challenging for any company to navigate. And I think that really comes with -- that really amplify the value of proposition of Salesforce, because you can build these systems of engagement and systems of record in a way that actually follow consumer trust, and follows the evolving regulatory landscape. So I think it’s really trending to something that we are really trying to lean into, and really lean into the value of trust is our number one value.
Marc Benioff: It's not a programmatic interface -- I mean, it is programmatic it can be, but it's really declarative. It’s easy to just get going. Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Marc Benioff: I think that as we’ve expand our vision of what the customer experiences and where the market is going, of course, we’ve inspired other competitors to think about the future as well. And that’s our job too is to create followers, and we’ve seen a lot of other companies, smaller companies like the one you’re talking, really try to look at where they’re going in the future. And I think that that’s great, because of course we want a competitive environment. So our approach is really different, because we really see every B2B company and every B2C company becoming a B2B to C company, and I see that over and over and over. Again I mean, I gave a great example of Adidas. So I think you know -- when you look at a huge commerce story, like Adidas, of course, when there is new shoe like the Yeezy 350 is launching, we have to go to provide that tremendous customer experience with highly differentiated for Adidas on our Commerce Cloud. But of course that’s not the only cloud that Adidas is using with us, because they need to build to provide many different types of services to their customers. And that’s really where we’re going to build to jump in and offer them great success. But of course with an example of a company like that, you’re going to find that maybe only 20% of their revenue is in that B2C commerce experience. Many of those companies, 80% of their revenues then complicated in the B2B commerce experience this is why one of the most exciting acquisitions that we did in the quarter was a relatively small company that have been built natively on our platform called CloudCraze, because it really all of a sudden extended us in not just B2C commerce but B2B commerce as well. And I don’t think anybody can really touch the tremendous success we've had since acquire and demand where it's been an awesome journey in just a couple years. But it's really because we've provided that complete experience around the customer. Now when you think about that, there is three major components to that. There is the system of record of course, which is where Salesforce started. And I would say that we probably have the strongest system of record experience in the industry. Then there is the system of engagement itself, whether it's internal users or externally. Again, we have such tremendous capability whether it's a Heroku or communities, or even our commerce. And three is the system of intelligence, Bret touched on it with Einstein with AI. But even look at our advanced analytics capabilities that we now bring to bear, no one else can provide that experience. Now, we’re not a close solution, we're going to work with every company, of course we have to, because our customers have many different types of solutions in their companies, and so we're going to do that. But when you look at some of these core areas, like the customer experience; the ability to provide enablement, like you've seen with our Trailhead capabilities; the ability to have that deep engagement, like I just mention, the level of intelligence; and now integration having the number one integration cloud in the world; it really helps when we walk in to our customer and say look, we’re the number one sales cloud in the world; the number one service cloud in the world; we’re the number one marketing cloud in the world according to IDC; and we've done all that in a flash of an eye. And I think that that's why you can see a very fast line. I mean, you guys were all tremendous financial analyst. You can put the numbers together and figure out when we're going to get to $20 billion. We think that we're going to get there as faster than we could have imagined. And that's why we're so excited about our business. And then we're going on by the way. This is not -- this is I think the most exciting ever in our industry. I've never seen customers more excited about investing, especially in their digital transformation and their customer transformation. And we're well positioned as the number one CRM provider in the world. I hope that answers your question.
Marc Benioff: And I’ll just fill in for you on -- I think that when we, walk-in I was in Europe last week and I was with the CEO of a very large life insurance company. And they’re a very large service cloud customer. And he actually has the service cloud running at his desk and we were going through that. And turned out he is also a very large MuleSoft customer as well. And it expands our relationship with that customer, and it makes us much more strategic with them. And then at that point, my ability to consult with that customer is really around, okay, now let’s look at each one of your policyholders and your ability to have 360 degree vision with them. And that goes everything from their internal systems and their policy management systems, to even their capabilities that they have in other public clouds that they’re using. We’re going to wrap all of those things with all of our customer capabilities, because what he is mostly focused on is what are his customer relationships and how is he driving those customer relationships forward. And that ability to have that conversation, well, it just gets extended each and every year. I mean, I was even able to start to talk to that CEO about enablement, that we have this tremendous platform, called Trailhead, where we’re giving this opportunity to enable so many of our customers. And now giving that platform to them as well, the ability for them to enable their employees and their customers, it becomes a very critical part of our story. And gives our customers the ability to realize that we are strategic part of their future, and we’re going to help them become more successful than ever through that fully integrated complete CRM platform.
Marc Benioff: And I think you can see that also in how we deliver our product. Of course, we have many first party datacenters where we have our own proprietary datacenter and capability. But in other cases, we've partnered with great companies like Amazon, like Google and IBM, in many cases at the customers’ request, to be able to deliver an alternative delivery experience. And so if you’re using Salesforce in Canada for example, you're using that on the back of AWS, and there is so many other examples of what we're doing with different type of cloud deployments. And it's really driven by what our customers want for flexibility. And the ability to have great relationships with great alliances with companies like Amazon, or with Google and with IBM, give us even more capability to deliver this, kind of, what I would say, highly flexible execution environment for the customer.
Marc Benioff: And you just go to Trailhead and do a search on GDPR and that trail will come up and you can get badged and certify a GDPR, terrific. Alright, well thank you so much everybody, and we’re looking forward to see you at Connections in Chicago in a couple of weeks, which will be marketing event of the year. Bret is going to be doing an amazing keynote there and demonstrating -- I think our vision for customer 360 and the integration cloud, and then we’ll see you again at Dreamforce in September.
Keith Block: This is, Keith, let me try to address this. So generally speaking, if you think about how companies differentiate themselves, they do it on service and they do it specifically around the consumer experience. And so that's why we're seeing quite an uptick in our Service Cloud business. Now, also another piece of that is Field Service Lightning. So we see an incredible amount of demand for Field Service Lightning. Again, because customer are taking advantage of these amazing technologies to drive and gather insights around what their customers are doing. Service Cloud reached about $3.4 billion run-rate in Q1, that's more than double the market, which is pretty amazing. And as Marc has indicated in his early comments, we're number one in the market and we continue to take share in a very, very strategic market for us and our customers. So that differentiation by service is very, very strategic for these customers, many times service is at the core of our all their digital transformations, which obviously peaks the interest of the CEOs that we're having these conversations with. And it's not just service it's all of our other core products that rotate around service that allows to drive these transformations, and that's where you see these very, very large multi-cloud deals that I talked about earlier.
Keith Block: I mean, first of all, their blown away when these data capabilities that we have. I was with, just a couple of weeks ago, with the CEO of one of the largest insurance companies in the world. And we’re having a conversation about changing their business model and transformation around how their agents could be more productive, how they can retire all these legacy systems, so that they have a single unified view of the customer, how they can leverage Einstein for artificial intelligence and insights, issues around locking or unlocking the legacy data from their legacy systems. And all of these things together, we’re the only company and the industry that can provide solutions as it relates to that 360 degree holy grail of the customer. And that’s why -- I mean, insurance is obviously a sweet spot for us but all financial services there is sweet spot for us. And that’s why we’re having so much momentum in that industry.
Keith Block: So obviously, we have this terrific fiscal year last year, we had this amazing Q4 that momentum, has absolutely carried into Q1. I’d say that is a little bit different than the typical Q1. And we are very, very pleased with all these transactions and these relationships that we’ve expanded and created in the quarter. Again, I just think it's an indication of our position in the marketplace what our customers are looking for and our ability to answer the bell for those customers, and paint a vision around the 360 degree view of their customers. And that is just become more and more important with these amazing technologies. This notion of the 360 degree view of the customer is the holy-grail and we’ve been talking about it for a very, very long time. And as I said earlier, we’re really the only CRM platform that can deliver on that promise to our customers. So the new wave of digital transformation is all about the customer, everything starts and begins, and ends at the customer. So we’re just in a tremendous position and we have very, very strong execution, and that’s why you’re seeing these results.
Keith Block: Kash, this is Keith, just to answer the first part of your question. We're looking at this market that we've created and we're really driving. And if you go out to 2021, this is a $120 billion plus marketplace. And if you look at every category in that market, whether it's sales or service or marketing or commerce or platform or analytics, et cetera, we are vastly outstripping the market in terms of growth. Again, whether it's sales or service or marketing, in some cases nearly 3 times the pace of the market. So why is that? Well, number one, it starts with the fact that we’re one of the world's most innovative companies. Number two is that with all this amazing technology, again these CEOs are looking for transformation opportunities around the customer, which is the new frontier. And we're basically the market leader and the only one that can provide the 360 degree view of the customer and the insights associated with that. So we have become and continue to become very, very strategic to these customers. And lastly they trust us. They trust our brand. They trust our platform. They trust our partner. And as they think about their future and the future relationships that they want to have with our customers, they're turning to us. And that's why you're seeing these very, very large deals. Now, I would love to tell you that we wake up every day and we need a new customer and we sign one of these large deals. But the reality is that we work very, very hard. The team is doing incredible job of establishing that trust, speaking languages of customer, having a global scale and thinking a vision for the future. And that's why you see these large deals. They really represent the customers’ endorsement and trust of us to bring them into the future.
Mark Hawkins: Thanks Keith on that point, a couple of things here. One is that, as called out, we know that as per normal protocol, we’ll have the headwind in the current year in FY19 do to things such as deal costs, integration costs, purchase accounting and the entire deal write down. We’re taking all that on board within the guide. And then of course we’re going to invest to accelerate the success of this to really help drive the reality of helping our customer do all the things that customer wants in their success. So we’ll make the appropriate investment. The key point to your question is yes, we will be driving appropriate progress and synergy over time after we get through the -- bring them on board get them integrated and plugged-in, much like we did with ExactTarget and Demandware. And when you look back and see what the effect was and you see -- you fast forward a little bit, these both penciled out very, very nicely. We pick up gains across where we need and this will be part of the picture where we continue to expand profit, while we grow as well. So you should expect that over the longer term, yes.
Mark Hawkins: Walter, I think a couple of things you should think about. For the revenue -- top line revenue of $315 million, additive Q2 through Q4, that’s on top of a powerful core growth where you can see we did an organic raise separate from that so $315 million at the top. And again as per expectoration, we’ll have the 125 basis points impact on our operating margin would otherwise be. We’re fully taking that on board with all the deal costs, purchase accounting, a lot of those types of things that you would expect and positioning it for the years ahead. We’re pleased with this, especially post close. I think we like what we see. So that would be the effect there. On the cash flow side, Walter, we would expect about $150 million impact on the headwind, on the cash flow. Again, putting it together, you think about our core cash flow, absolutely on track with a very attractive cash flow margin. Even with this temporary impact of some of the more transitional issues you would expect with an M&A integration and deal cost and such, we still have an operating margin yield of roughly 24%. So those will be the attributes that will impact us this year, and we look forward to having this also continue to progress much like ExactTarget and Demandware.
Mark Hawkins: Adam, I guess a couple of things here. One is that we’re pretty much giving you the attributes for the full year. We haven’t broken it down to guide every single quarter on that side of it. So just to let you know think about the full picture of the year is the view that we’re taking. That would be what I would say there. And I’ll just leave it at that.
Mark Hawkins: Sure, let me take the last part. Thank you Kash on all accounts here. First thing that I would say here is when you look at our UR, you look at a growth rate of 25%. And again, as described in UR, it's basically DR less the cumulative effect of revenue pull forwards related to the ASC-606 revenue implementation. So by definition, UR, in this particular case, is less than DR. And so one of the things that you could see is when you look our growth rate on an apples-to-apples basis growing 25% adjusted for this accounting change, that's obviously a number that we're happy with. And so in that respect, just look at the growth rate of UR that we're actually reporting compared to the DR apples-to-apples growth rate that we’ re guiding, and we’re actually pleased with the outcome.
Amy Weaver: I think this is really a critical point for the U.S. with privacy law. We’re seeing the global conversion around the important of privacy. And it’s going to be important for the U.S. to be a leader now, and not just a follower. I think you’re tracing that we really have to focus on as a country. One is insisting that organizations are transparent about the data practices that’s what's collected, how it’s used, who it’s been shared with. The second is giving individuals more rights to control about their personal data. As Marc said, it starts with individuals, their privacy and their right. And then the third that’s holding organizations is it’s truly accountable for the privacy practices. And I think that this is going to be a key for our entire industry and establishing trust.
Amy Weaver: Well, I don’t think that there’s any doubt that federal privacy law is the best for the go. One of the nice things about GDPR is that it replace the patchwork of laws throughout Europe. Now it may be necessary to have a state-by-state implementation in the United States as a practical step forward, but the idea is really to get us to one national privacy law that we can all agree to.
Amy Weaver: I think we can do a lot. We had spent the last year working very-very carefully with our customer's data. We have some terrific resources, two things I would steer to, first, if you go to salesforce.com/gdpr, there’s a trove of resources on that. There’s frequently asked questions, there are white papers, there’s information about all of our system. I can also send people to Trailhead and over 22,000 people have already earned Trailhead badges on the EU privacy basics.
