Brian Millham: Thank you, Marc. As Marc said, the accelerated transformation to profitable growth we have underway is already having a positive impact as reflected in our strong results in the fourth quarter. I'm pleased with how we're improving our execution, delivering customer success in the ongoing measured buying environment.  As part of our short-term and long-term restructuring, we've been re-architecting how we go to market in a more efficient, productive, and profitable way. We've reduced the size of the sales and success organization by 10% and are planning further improvements through the work we're doing with Bain.  We're also laser-focused on performance, productivity and accountability of all of our teams. We are better aligning incentives with margins, removing layers and increasing spans of control to unleash even higher performance. We're inspecting every part of our business to find opportunities to drive efficiencies and reduce cost of sales, marketing and G&A.  We've learned that we needed to reboot our entire sales enablement process to ensure faster onboarding with reps able to better understand our entire product portfolio and speak the language of our customers in weeks, not months. During the pandemic, we saw productivity drop among our account executives who were working exclusively from home. I believe when our people are together, they're better learners, collaborators and networkers. It also reinforces our performance culture.  That's why our sales, success and service teams or in front of our customers a minimum of 4 days a week. Getting together in person is accelerating enablement and driving our performance and productivity. I'm confident these changes will drive the outcomes that we are all looking for.  Now before I hand it off to Amy, I'll briefly share some customer highlights from the quarter. We had great customer wins across all products, industries, segments and geographies. We deepened our relationships with Walmart, State Farm, IBM, Siemens, the State of New York, Volkswagen Group, Hitachi and many more leading companies. I'm very proud of our teams that we recorded record low attrition once again this quarter, which is a testament to how our Customer 360 platform is providing the cost savings efficiency and productivity gains our customers need today.  As customers are looking to consolidate platforms and reduce complexity, we're seeing many multi-cloud expansions, a key growth strategy for us. Our top 10 wins in the quarter included 5 or more of our cloud. And our top 5 customer wins included 7 or more of our clouds. This is an example of our Customer 360 strategy working.  We also continue to see strong momentum from our vertical solutions, which deepened our customer relationships across industries and geographies while accelerating time to value. In the quarter, 8 of our 13 industry clouds grew above 50% ARR, just unbelievable results there. Verticals are a key driver of our growth strategy, and that's why we've amplified them aggressively in this year's V2MOM.  Tableau and MuleSoft and Slack continue to be highly relevant for our customers. And as Marc noted in his comments, they're part of our largest and most strategic deals in the quarter. And we're very proud of the progress we're seeing under the new leadership to more deeply integrate these acquired companies into our core sales and service motions.  Marc also mentioned Data Cloud. It's going to be an incredible driver of organic growth going forward as these new capabilities are built on the platform and seamlessly integrate into some of our largest clouds, Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud and Commerce Cloud. We're seeing many more companies use Data Cloud like Formula 1, American Family Insurance, PGA TOUR Superstore who are using this amazing technology to deliver intelligent, automated, and real-time customer engagement. It is a huge opportunity.  In closing, I'm immensely grateful to our customers, our employees and partners and our shareholders for their continued support. We are unwavering in our commitment to deliver customer success and in our transformation to profitable growth.  Now over to Amy.
Brian Millham: Well, Keith, first of all, thanks for the question. Really appreciate it. And I agree we had very strong performance in our Q4. Very happy with the quick pivot we made enabling our salespeople to talk differently about the values our customers get. Time to value is very critical to our customers, automation, digital transformation, efficiencies and cost reductions in their organizations. And we did a beautiful job in the fourth quarter to drive that message to our customers to see better-than-expected performance.  On your question about next year and some of the changes we're seeing in our organization, we feel very good about the work that we're doing. As we mentioned in the commentary, the organic innovation that's coming out of our product organization is phenomenal. We have an incredible portfolio to go sell them the Customer 360, new product that we can go sell in Data Cloud.  And as you know, the CRM market continues to grow very fast in double digit, and we think we should be taking market share in that market environment. I also would like to say, I think we have an opportunity to drive higher productivity amongst our salespeople. I think we have an opportunity to bundle products together and to show up differently in front of our customers, to consolidate organizations that have been stand-alone sales organizations in the past.  Bundling products together, driving higher ASP per salesperson is really what we want to go do next year. And we don't think that the impact of some of the changes that we're making, the architecture of the organization is going to have an impact on our growth next year. Amy, over to you. .
Brian Millham: And Brad, just another comment quickly on the industry play. A big part of our success in the quarter and a big bet for us in the coming years as we invest heavily in our industry cloud. I think you heard in the commentary, 8 of 13 of our industry clouds grew above 50% in ARR in the quarter. Really a great payoff in the investment we've made in the technology there and really having our sales team show up and speaking the customer -- the language of our customers to drive the growth of this business, couple that with the strategies around driving international growth, international expansion of all of our products, along with multi-cloud selling, a great opportunity for us going forward. So the industry is a big part of our strategy.
Brian Millham: Raimo, I'm not exactly sure -- you're cutting out a little bit there. So I'll try to deduce what your question was around productivity. Productivity is a big component of our growth strategy going forward. How do we get our account executives to sell more each and every month, each and every quarter to our customers? We've got some great strategy around that. Enablement is a big component of that. . You heard in my commentary earlier that we're very focused on ensuring that we're enabling our entire sales teams around our entire product portfolio and bringing people back to the office to drive that productivity, that learning that is so important for us as we think about the growth going forward.  I also mentioned an opportunity we have to bring our products together around a buyer, how do we put some bundles together to drive higher ASPs for all of our sellers and solve more problems for our customers with a single selling motion versus today, maybe several selling motions to go win those deals. And so productivity, a big driver of our growth strategy going forward, an effort, frankly, that we've always kept productivity flat and hired more AEs to drive our growth. We're going to inverse that equation going forward and think about productivity as our driver going forward. So really appreciate the question and hope I got it because your line was breaking up.
Brian Millham: Yes. Thank you, Sarah. Appreciate the question. And yes, we are in a measured buying environment. There's no doubt about it. And the impact of that are things like elongated sales cycles and multiple layers of approvals that we're facing and maybe even some shrinking deal sizes. One of the nice things we've done, though, is to make sure we're training our people to navigate those headwinds that we've got in the market to go execute better. We saw that happen in Q4, and we'll see that happen in fiscal year '24.  On the industry side, and maybe even the segment side, in our SMB market, economic headwinds tend to hit that a little bit harder. And so we saw some headwinds in our SMB market. Some of the self-serve strategies and motions that we have for Slack were impacted by the economic headwinds.  And then from an industry perspective, we actually saw a lot of strength in industries around public sector, manufacturing, engineering -- excuse me, energy and travel hospitality was a strength for us in the quarter. Some areas that we continue to see headwinds in technology is probably not a surprise to anybody, and also financial services were a bit of a headwind for us in the quarter but have a lot of belief that we can turn that around in FY '24. So Sarah, thank you so much for the question. Appreciate it.
Amy Weaver: Great. Thanks, Brian. Keith, so a couple of things. First, just going back to your question on growth and the beat for Q4. I did want to point out that, that was primarily from MuleSoft and Tableau. That license revenue came in very strong in Q4. And as you know, the way that we account for license revenue gives it more of a boost in quarter than our subscription. Also, we do see a slight improvement on foreign exchange beyond what we were expecting. So all of that led to a very strong Q4 on the revenue side.  In terms of the FY '24 guide, we feel very good about the guide coming in, a little above 10% for this year. We've taken into account all of the factors that we're talking about, including macro. On macro, what we're assuming is really no near-term change when it comes to the selling environment. So not expecting to get an upside, nor expecting a material deterioration. And I think Brian really already hit on the restructuring.
Amy Weaver: Brent, thanks for the question. So we've got great plans for this year. As you know, we guided to 27% for fiscal year '24, and we plan to hit 30% early in the following year. Very excited about what we're doing. This is a journey that we've been on for quite some time. Just in the last 2 years, we have increased our operating margin almost 500 basis points, and this was while fully absorbing Slack. We announced at Investor Day, we were going to keep going and set out a goal of 25% or more by FY '26. We really hit the gas pedal on that over the last 90 days, accelerating to the 27 and the 30 that I mentioned to you. And again, as I said, even at 30, I don't view as a ceiling. That's really just getting us started on this front.  Now in terms of how this is going on, there has been a lot we've been doing leading up to this with discipline across the company, looking for savings. We took 2 major steps in January. One was the real estate. We announced that we are going to be shrinking our global real estate considerably over the upcoming years. The other was the headcount.  And on the job eliminations, I just do want to pause for a moment on that. On the call like this, it's easy to talk about that very clinically as the headcount just represents dollars and not real human beings, we all fully realize that there's employees whose lives and careers and families were deeply impacted by these decisions. And I just want to assure our employees that we never lose sight of that.  But these actions weren't our first steps, and there are going to be plenty more actions that we take to increase our operating margin going forward. We have a number of initiatives underway. Brian talked about quite a few in the sales and marketing area. Sales and G&A are really 2 of our greatest opportunities, although we have started a comprehensive operating and go-to-market review that is going across all of our business. This has led -- Bain is coming in to do this and to work with us and to go through with this. I think that we've got a great initiatives underway.  The other thing I would say, finally, in terms of my confidence, it really comes back to the passion and the skills of our employees. When we focus on sales, we became the fastest-growing enterprise software company ever. When we focus on product, we created an unmatched Customer 360. And now we are asking all of these incredibly talented and passionate employees to bring that same focus to productivity and efficiency. And with all of them behind us, I have no doubt that we're going to be world class for profitability. .
Amy Weaver: Great. Thanks for the question, Karl. There is certainly an increasing focus on GAAP margins, and in particular, on adding back stock-based compensation into our non-GAAP operating margin. I spent quite a bit of time in Europe meeting with investors in January. And in Europe, that is the first thing that everyone does. So very much top of mind.  Our stock-based compensation for last year was just over 10%. We plan to drive that below 9% this year. And we're getting -- there are 2 of key levers there. One is that we're actually burning through a lot of the stuff that came with some of the M&A we've done in recent years. So that is rolling through our system in the way that's going to help drive the numbers down.  The others are changes at our Compensation Committee has been making very thoughtfully to how we grant equity and the form of equity that we grant. So we'll have more coming up on that as we get into proxy season, but I see this going well over the next few years. .
Marc Benioff: Thanks so much for that question. I really appreciate it. I really appreciate everyone's support during the quarter. I don't think we could have had this quarter without everyone who's on the call. We really are very grateful to the support we had, especially from the analysts and the shareholders, because, really, through their guidance and enlightenment, we were able to execute a different plan.  I think when we look back, and I think we have to look backwards to go look forward. Obviously, the 2021 calendar year is like something that none of us have ever experienced in the technology business. It was incredible. You can see that throughout the whole industry.  Then as we entered 2022, it was not 2021, and I think we all understand that. Currencies, measured buying environment, macro conditions, inflation, the stock market. So when we planned 2022 out of 2021, I'm talking calendar years now, that's where I think we had a little incongruence, and then we had to adjust and shift and pivot, and that's really what happened right around Dreamforce. We really started to see it.  We had that great Investor Day with you all. We put out there our profitability framework. We put together our fiscal year 2016 targets. And 90 days ago when everything happened, you know what happened. We don't have to go through it again. It doesn't matter. It's behind us. But you all said, hey, you guys can hit the hyperspace button, just like I said, and we did. We hit the hyperspace button, and we said, we can hit these targets now.  We don't have to wait 2 years, and that's where I'm putting my time, my energy, my effort. I'm very proud of the team for delivering this Q4 operating margin of 29.2% because that really has become like our North Star. As Amy just said, as we look to next year, even in Q1 and so forth, we're saying that this 30% plus world, this is we should be living in that.  We have onboarded the entire management team worldwide to that fact. It's a core part of our V2MOM. It's one of the name of our methods that we are guiding 30% plus. And that's our direction. And at the same time, we had a great quarter. Just like you just heard, Q4 revenue at $8.38 billion, exceed our expectations for many reasons, some currency, but really a lot was execution and execution in the corner from 2 great product lines with our Tableau and MuleSoft team, extremely impressive execution.  And I'll also just call out what an unbelievable performance for the year at $31.4 billion, this is just a huge incredible software company that has got great margins and great cash flow and a great position in the market. So that's where my head is at.  There's basically 2 motions here. One is, just like we just heard, Brian has to continue to deliver the ACVs. That's why we're keeping a lot of stability in our sales organization right now, maintaining the productivity, deliver the year in ACV. This is really critical for us. That's motion number one.  Motion number two is also, at the same time, profitability. Profitability is our -- truly our #1 strategy, and that's my #1 strategy. That's what I've been focused on with the management team. That is the #1 thing we talked about at the start of every meeting we have in this company. And that is why we were able to deliver that in 90 days.  You all know that we've never had an efficiency focus in the company before because we've had 24 incredible years of where we've had to just grow, grow, grow. There have been moments where we've had to pull back. '01, '02, bad recession, we had to pull back. '08, '09, we had to pull back and reassess.  We're kind of looking at this moment as, hey, we can reassess. This is a incredible moment. We can deliver great results. You saw we're delivering more than 10% growth -- revenue growth, but we want to deliver this more than 27% margin growth for the year and -- not growth, but margin target. And we're going -- obviously, the growth rate is actually much higher.  I mean I think that, that is amazing that we've delivered more than 4 points last year, not basis points, 4 points, and 4.5 points this year, and that's my main focus. I've gotten a lot of great coaching. I'll just -- huge call out to my mentor, Larry Ellison, who has spent a lot of time with me, giving me the Oracle playbook. And I'm very grateful to him.  He was the first person who texted me after the earnings came out today. And as -- I'll tell you, it's good to have friends in the world when things happen, and he's been a great friend, and we're executing that playbook to increase our margins. They obviously have best-of-class margins. So it's great to have someone on your side like that and great to have all of you on our side as well because without all you, we would not be able to deliver this quarter. So thank you so much for everything. .
Marc Benioff: Well, I just think that's such a great question, Brad. And thank you so much, and also thanks to you for the quarter, your support. I would like to say that, of course, we have a lot of great products, Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, our platform, Marketing Cloud, Commerce Cloud or verticals that you know. But there's been an evolution of our CDP.  I think it kind of started in Marketing, and it's become so much more. We're entering this new world of AI. And we've always been influenced by the world of AI and IoT and seeing our customers try to add in all of their intelligent devices onto our platform so they can have better relationships with their customers who are connected to them in these incredible new ways.  And you may remember, we're going to have Thunder, the IoT cloud. That was kind of a version 1 idea of the CDP, and it didn't exactly work out. The main reason why is customers really wanted an integrated deeply inside Salesforce with our metadata platform. And they wanted it to be a data lake inside Salesforce, and we had built it outside. So we realized, let's build it back inside the platform, which is what we've done.  And this data cloud, you can see it now deployed in customers, and I'll give you a couple of great examples. One is Ford, amazing what they have done with the Data Cloud. Of course, they're using Sales Cloud and Service Cloud and Marketing Cloud, but it's all integrated with the Data Cloud, and they deployed their first product this quarter, which is the Mach-E. So if you have a Mach-E -- I have one, they're amazing -- and you're getting text messages from Ford or e-mail messages, you're getting them from our Data Cloud, and that is incredible to see that.  Boston Scientific, another amazing story that I mentioned, this idea that they were able to use Data Cloud to unify their front office and back office systems together in this really incredible integrated way.  Formula 1, I just reviewed last night, how they -- only 1% of Formula 1 fans -- F1 fans that they're the only -- they come to the races. The other 99% they have to connect with electronically, but they need an intelligent AI-based system. And with Data Cloud, you can bring your own AI model. We ingest it. And then our system automatically is connecting with your customer. And as they're interfacing in all of our different clouds, the AI-based Data Cloud is doing this incredible heavy lifting.  So it's going to be an amazing organic driver for us. I mean it's probably our fastest-growing cloud in the quarter. And I can't be more excited to show more of what we're doing there. You've seen some of it at Dreamforce. You saw some of it where -- we've now deeply integrated Tableau into it. So Tableau has a server now finally, but Tableau also is an incredible window onto all of the Salesforce data through the data cloud, really neat work. And our engineering team, a huge call out to them for this great success. .
Marc Benioff: To understand what we're going through, I really did go back and looked at all the numbers in '01, '02 and '08, '09. And what you said, Kash, is quite enlightened in that. Of course, we saw in '08, '09 ACV fall off dramatically. And of course, we hit the break on spending, and we accelerated margin, I think, 6 points during that time. I don't know the exact numbers, but it was a moment where you see sales and marketing companies, marketing spend -- when these things happen, CEOs, they stop hiring salespeople. They stop spending on marketing, right? Everybody knows the methodology of what, how CEOs behave in a recession. As soon as the stock market implodes CEOs, they hit the brakes.  So I think that, that's what we saw in '08, '09. I think we really started to see that in the middle of '22, maybe August, September, October, November. Certainly, as we've exited Dreamforce, we were like, I think that we can execute our playbook. We have a recession playbook. We know how to transform the company. Well, you just saw it in the last 90 days where the things we're doing are launching on our -- really launched a profitable growth strategy. This is a key part of what we're doing, really making sure that every executive in this company knows that profitability is our highest priority and making sure that we keep in the very forefront of our mind that Salesforce is not just one of the largest and fastest growing.  You can see that I think that we gained -- we probably added or created more ACV than all the other SaaS companies combine. Like our ACV numbers are massive, but also the most profitable software company in the world, the most -- the highest cash flow. That's what's on our mind.  And to do that, we are really focusing on making sure we have the expertise in the company. And I'll tell you, Dreamforce, you are all sitting in the audience. You know Mason Morfit was there, sitting next to his founder, Jeff Ubben. And we had been working with Mason, and he started bringing us these incredible ideas on distribution, on pricing, on efficiency. It was these incredible strategic decks. I have never seen the level of quality of work from anyone outside the company before. I was just so inspired with what Mason came up with that, and I'm like, you know what, we should put him on the board and he has added just incredible value.  I mean probably a lot from the Microsoft experience, obviously, being on the Microsoft Board was awesome for him. And the expertise that we're getting as a Board member is incredible. I think he starts today, but he has really been working with us now and has been really cool. And a huge call out to Jeff, too, because Jeff has been a friend for many years and great thoughts.  I'll tell you -- and all of these guys, I'll tell you -- there's a lot of them. We all know that. I've learned from everybody. I really appreciate all of their feedback. It's been fantastic. And we're also adding 2 more great Board members today, I mentioned already. But you might now know, Sachin, the CFO of Mastercard, incredible financial expertise. And also Arnold Donald, who I've known for so many years, is probably one of the greatest Fortune 100 CEOs of our time, incredible executive. Looking forward to everyone getting to know him.  And again, a huge thank you to Sandy and Alan, all of you -- I know many of you work for Sandy in your careers. And it's hard to see Sandy leave the Board because we love him, but it's been 20 years so it's probably the right moment. We're having dinner next week, and it's going to be a lot of gratitude there.  And I think that those points, combined with -- by the way, we're going to repurchase so much stock, $20 billion, I think it's real right time. We've already did $4 billion and that's obviously critical for us, and we even created this new Business Transformation Committee. So the Board can really keep their eye on these KPIs that we're talking about.  But yes, performance, productivity, the fundamental profitability of the company, the prioritization of our products, leading with growth like with our new Data Cloud, with our verticals that was very enlightened that question and our services organization as well. We have a lot of growth things. So when you look at -- the buying environment gets back online in some huge way, and it doesn't become measured, I think we are very well positioned for the future, and we have these great customer relationships. And I don't think there's any other evidence of that than the -- that we just hit a record low on customer attrition.
