Mark J. Hawkins: Thanks, Keith. As you've heard, we had a strong start to the year with solid growth across the board. And from a top line perspective, we delivered Q1 constant currency revenue growth of 27% year-over-year. Foreign exchange continued to impact revenue with year-over-year headwinds of approximately $52 million and a sequential headwind of around $17 million. Our geographies also delivered strong growth on a constant currency basis with the Americas growth of 27%, EMEA growth of 28%, and Asia Pac of 27%. Dollar attrition for the first quarter excluding Marketing Cloud was approximately 9%. Now while we continued to deliver industry-leading top line growth, we're thrilled to have expanded our Q1 non-GAAP operating margins by 197 basis points year-over-year. And by the way, this is the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvement. Our top line outperformance along with the improved expense controls allowed us to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.16, up 45% over last year, and $0.02 higher than our guidance. Additionally, we made great progress toward GAAP profitability in the quarter including reducing our stock-based compensation to below 10% of revenue. Now turning to cash flow, we delivered record operating cash flow in the quarter of $731 million. Now that's up 54% over last year. And as we previously discussed, we anticipate that Q1 will continue to be the largest cash flow quarter. Now, this is due to our seasonally strong Q4, and the compounding nature of our new and renewal business in the fourth quarter and the associated collections of our Q4 invoices in the first quarter. Now, free cash flow defined as operating cash flow less CapEx was $660 million, and that was up 60% over Q1 of last year. Looking at deferred revenue, we delivered another strong quarter with growth of 31% year-over-year, excluding an FX headwind of $69 million. Deferred revenue grew 36% over last year. On a sequential basis, deferred revenue benefited from an FX tailwind of approximately $18 million. As a reminder, we calculate our FX on revenue using the average rates throughout the quarter; however, for deferred revenue, a balance sheet item, we use the spot rate on the last day of the quarter. Keep in mind, we conduct business in multiple currencies, including the euro, the yen, the British pound, the Australian dollar, and others. While the dollar exchange rates for most of these currencies were roughly flat at the end of the quarter, a stronger pound drove a slight sequential tailwind to the deferred revenue in Q1. In the quarter, 75% of the value of all subscription and support-related invoices were issued with annual terms. Now let's move on to guidance. With our strong first quarter results, we are raising our outlook for the full year. We now anticipate revenue to be $6.52 billion to $6.55 billion for 22% growth at the high-end. Now this guidance includes an anticipated FX headwind of about $175 million to $200 million. In addition to raising our top line guidance, we're also pleased to be raising our bottom line as well. We expect full year non-GAAP EPS of $0.69 to $0.71. We continue to expect year-over-year non-GAAP operating margin improvement of 125 basis points to 150 basis points this year. With our strong Q1 operating cash flow, we now anticipate full year operating cash flow growth of 24% to 25%. For Q2, we anticipate revenue of $1.59 billion to $1.60 billion, non-GAAP EPS of $0.17 to $0.18, and deferred revenue growth in the mid- to high-20% range. Our guidance implies that OI&E will continue to be a net expense and we assume a non-GAAP tax rate of 36.5% and that we will not make significant acquisitions. To close, we are very pleased with our fast start to fiscal 2016. We delivered outstanding results across the board, our top and our bottom line outperformance drove record cash flow and our backlog of book business positions us extremely well for continued growth while we continue to deliver our non-GAAP operating margin expansion commitment. On that, I'd like to open up the call for questions, operator.
Mark J. Hawkins: Great. And so, let me take the second question here. And first before I do, Keith, I totally agree, we use the Analytics Cloud constantly to run our business and it's exciting within Salesforce. In terms of the billing frequency early renewals question, Kash, I think nothing dramatic to share. We made continued improvement and the percent of annualized billings pretty in sync with the rate of improvement that we've made. Before it's been a modest improvement and as we called out we had 75% of our total billings were annual compared to, I think, 69% last year, very in sync with the kind of pace of improvement that we've been making and really nothing extraordinary to report on that side. We're just very pleased with the total deferred revenue and the revenue together, so.
Mark J. Hawkins: Ross, first of all, thanks a lot for the note. And yeah, definitely we feel great about the quarter. I think, and one of the things I would say on the – certainly, the operating margin expansion fourth quarter in a row, we feel really great about the fact that for the full year we guide this 125 basis points to 150 basis points on an even bigger revenue base, right? Because we raised the revenue base and we're showing even more EPS. But I think from an operating margin viewpoint, one of the things that you should think about is that this squares very nicely with our revenue operating margin framework in terms of the rate of growth and the rate of operating margin expansion. So this fits very nicely. But what we're doing also, Ross, as you touch on, is we're making sure to make the investments that are essential to making sure that we grow not only this year but in 2017 and well beyond to fulfill the vision that Marc had articulated earlier on the call. So we feel good about this. It's squarely within the framework. We're delivering on our commitment even on a higher base.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yeah, I might just add on that to Keith's point. When I think of the patterns exactly what Keith said. But what I really like, Brent, is just this notion about how much our customers are embracing the Customer Success Platform on a multi-cloud basis. Keith and his team knocked out some huge deals that he talked about. You look at like Bouygues, they picked up Service Cloud, Community, Marketing Cloud. You look at JPMorgan, you look at sales, service, marketing. You look at Tyco that Keith talked about. You look at Sales, Service, Community and Wave. I just think it's exciting to see that pattern be so pronounced. So that's the pattern that I see, Brent.
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure, let me jump into this and we'll see if folks add in here. But, Heather, the $10 billion vision Marc articulated, you can see us driving toward that. You're hearing loud and clear. I think that the profitability will be a function of the speed of how fast we get there. And when we talk about the revenue operating margin framework, very much it's correlated with the rate of the growth rate compared to the operating margin expansion. That's a higher level of framework that remains intact. We continue to execute that. And you can see it even in this period in the guidance for this year. But I do want to call out something, Heather, to try to get more context to the spirit of your question. When I look at the unit economics of what's happening in our business, the lifetime economics, I clearly see a business that's in the mid-30%s in terms of operating margin. And that is really I think what we should think about when we get the business at a mature level of growth in the mid-30%s. That would be the key point. And in terms of the Service Cloud, one of the things that was most pleasing to look at is just the amazing amount of market share we took, that Gartner just took, where we made real progress on the market share, where we ripped over 300 basis points, we displaced basically SAP and are making real progress. But let me just see if there's other commentary on that.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yeah, and if I might just add, Marc. Sarah, just in closing, too, when I see 29% in USD and you throw on four points or so of constant currency adder, that's a really attractive growth rate. And the last point I would just say is if you see the Gartner data that just came out, of the top five people in the Marketing Cloud arena, every one of the top four lost share. We gained share. You've seen these persistent trends like SAP losing share again. People are voting with their dollars for the Marketing Cloud.
Mark J. Hawkins: Okay, so let me just touch a little bit, and I think maybe I could turn this over to Keith. Certainly I think you hit it right. We were certainly pleased to see the growth rate that was posted in U.S. dollars. Again if you add on the constant currency, you've got a business that's at scale. It's a $2.5 billion business growing really attractively, and again, just the gold standard in the world with lots and lots of opportunity. I'd just like to turn it over to Keith, I know, on other commentary on this as well.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, Marc, I'll tell you, we've had some great wins in the quarter, Barclays, that I mentioned earlier, they were an Analytics Cloud user. Tyco is now an Analytics Cloud user. I will tell you, my entire distribution organization walks around with Analytics Cloud on their mobile phone. They use it every day to run their business, and learn more insights about their customers. If you talk to Mark Hawkins, he will tell you that this finance organization at Salesforce, they are all using Analytics Cloud, our Employee Success organization is all using Analytics Cloud. So this is a very compelling new product. Marc is absolutely correct. Within two weeks of announcing this at Dreamforce, we were closing deals in very large enterprises. So the market reaction has been very good. People are very excited about it. And there's no reason why this should not be in virtually all of our entire installed base.
Keith G. Block: Hi, this is Keith. Listen, thanks for the question. It really is to a certain extent all of the above. I mean, we're clearly signing up some net new logos in some of the largest enterprises in the world. Some of that is one cloud, some of that is many clouds, but I think the overwhelming sentiment here is that there's a real interest in a long-term strategic relationship with Salesforce. And it is a trust-based relationship and a value-based relationship. And customers really want to leverage our Customer Success Platform to help their customers succeed. So it's a pretty common theme around the Customer Success Platform and industry orientation. I mean, if I look at the kind of larger deals in the quarter that I just went through here, many of these were in financial services, many of these were in telecommunications, some in public sector. And these are kind of the strike zone industries that we're focusing our attention on. So we are hitting our cylinders, all of our cylinders, in terms of getting the mind share of these large enterprises, really enterprises of all size and scale and all geographies, and we're running our playbook and we're just executing well.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, let me just weigh in here. So one of the themes that we're hearing as we go around the world and we're talking to CEOs, is that companies are transforming themselves and they're differentiating, Heather, around service. If you talk to GE, if you talk to Philips, they are trying to transform themselves into service companies. And they're leveraging our Customer Success Platform to do that. It's very interesting because it's an opportunity for them to change their business model. They're leveraging our platform and many of them are asking us to wrap an agility layer around their existing legacy systems. Now that could be a homegrown system, but more often than not that's Oracle and SAP. And ultimately, the game plan here is to surround them and eventually replace them. So the overwhelming message from customers is they want to get out of the maintenance game. And they want to get into the innovation and transformation game. And that's what they see in the Customer Success Platform, and that's what's going on in the marketplace.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, yeah. Thanks for the question. Look, obviously, international expansion is a big part of our strategy and EMEA is a big pivot point for that. And we continue to invest. We've rolled out all these programs around industry orientation, additional resources, Solution Selling, a program that we call Ignite, and leveraging this incredible ecosystem that we have built around our partners with a huge focus on customer success from both our own resources as well as the ecosystem partners. And customers are enjoying a bit of our seed and grow strategy but some of them are talking about the wholesale transformation as kind of a long-term strategy with bite-sized chunks, so we are getting incredible traction. We're very, very proud of the results that we're seeing in EMEA and it's pretty clear that our investment strategies are paying off here.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, okay, so thanks for the question. Look, first and foremost, is we don't comment on these rumors. And our focus has always been and will always continue to be on customer success and that goal of the $10 billion, and as Marc said, in going after SAP and passing them. So our people are motivated. They are very excited. It's part of our culture, a big part of our culture, to focus on customer success and our people feel really, really good about what they're doing and the success that they're enjoying with our customers. With respect to our industry strategy and execution around the product, for the most part, we are already starting to pivot around an industry orientation as we're organized in the field. So our distribution model is gradually moving towards an industry orientation over the last couple years. It's hard to believe that in June it will be my two-year anniversary. But over the last couple years, we've started to pivot toward vertical selling organizations, and that is kind of a natural tip of the spear for these solutions that we'll be bringing out.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, thanks, Mark. Listen, I think we've all seen the commentary and the pundits in the marketplace. I think the numbers speak for themselves. This is a terrific product. It is a flagship product, and we continue to take net new logos all over the world in all shapes, size, forms of companies in all industries. And arguably you can say it's the most loved sales app in the world. So we see an awful lot of interest in our Sales Cloud as a standalone product, but also as part of the Customer Success Platform. And it goes back to customers really want to be more engaged, have deeper relationships with our customers and drive success. And that's what this Customer Success Platform is all about .So this is a $2.5 billion run rate business. As a cloud, it's one of the top eight standalone largest cloud companies. We keep getting accolades from Gartner. So this is really a very successful product, a very successful solution as a standalone and it's part of a greater solution. And that's what customers want. They want impact, they want transformational value, they want innovation, and they want success for their customers. And that's why we're so well positioned and we still have so much momentum.
Marc Russell Benioff: Well, I think one of the really great things about our Community Cloud is that it's so tightly integrated with our Sales and Service and Marketing Clouds, and that when our customers buy our solution, they're not just buying a silo, but they're buying part of an integrated solution. I think when you look at some of our core deployments of our Community Cloud, companies like Home Depot, and you can see that if you go to community.homedepot.com or many of the other ones, well, you see that we're tightly integrated with their employees, we're tightly integrated with their partners, and it's been a huge boom for them to be able to increase their store traffic, that they get actual results. I mean, I know that because Salesforce uses our Community Cloud every day, but I don't know a customer that's not planning to deploy this product. I mean, this is something that's extremely important for every company whether they're a B2C company or a B2B company in being able to aggregate their customers and unite them with their employees. As you know, we have a very strong integrated system of engagement with our core product, and that system of engagement is tightly integrated with our system of record, and is now with our Analytics Cloud tightly integrated with our system of intelligence, so a system of record tightly integrated with a system of intelligence, tightly integrated with the system of engagement, and that system of engagement is extended into those core customer offerings through our Community Cloud, and that's the right architecture. That's the right product. It's had phenomenal success, super high growth rate and I expect continued great performance from it this year.
Marc Russell Benioff: Well, number one, on Analytics Cloud, the answer to your question is, all of the above. I mean, when we're in there, I presented that product today to two executives, one of the world's very largest insurance companies here in Chicago, and they've never seen anything like that. And I don't think anything like it exists. They probably already own every product, you know? And I don't think that's a reason why they wouldn't buy ours, because they don't use that product. Those other products are really isolated and used by analysts, and they're not analytics for everyone. They're certainly not analytics for the rest of us. They don't run well on iPhones and Android devices. They don't run on the Apple Watch. They don't run – you can't spin it up instantly in our cloud environment. So this is just an extraordinary offering, and it is only – again, I've obviously seen the next two versions, and it is just going to get better and better and better. And we're going to just bring in a very deep ecosystem of developers and apps, and we're going to exercise our magic in regards to building a really broad use of it, and by Dreamforce, you'll see something just awesome. So I hope that answers – I hope that answers that question.
Marc Russell Benioff: Oh, yeah, Marketing – well, I mean, I can't say enough good things about the Marketing Cloud. I'm sure you see that we took this great company in Indianapolis, Indiana, ExactTarget. We've worked with their core management team and transformed that to just turning it into just an exceptional offering, with Journey Builder and our customers to build journeys for their customers, they can build journeys for their employees. They can build journeys for their partners, journeys for their products. I mean, we just used it ourself to build something called Adoption Manager for Salesforce1, and when you are using Salesforce1, you now have the ability to turn on something called Adoption Manager, you're basically turning on Journey Builder in the Marketing Cloud and I know that we saw almost 50% increase in adoption rates using that technology. And I encourage every one of our customers to move to that model as part of that. I also am extremely excited by the phenomenal success of our Pardot team in Atlanta which is part of our Marketing Cloud. They have done a great job as well, which is the B2B marketing solution. So we not only have a tremendous B2C solution that has applicability throughout the enterprise, but we have an unbelievable B2B marketing solution and both of those are just executing incredibly well. For those of you who know we have taken a long time to build our Marketing Cloud strategy through – primarily through acquisition, and we have now had a couple of years to be able to operate it, and we couldn't be more excited about the future. Some of our largest transactions in the quarter were done with the Marketing Cloud and I don't know a customer who's not looking at it. You know, it's just – it's what you need to be able to connect with your customers on a day-by-day basis, and minute-by-minute basis. And I'll tell you, I'll give you a little insight into where we're going for Dreamforce, which is, and as it relates to the Marketing Cloud, you know everyone probably who's listening to this call might be wearing some kind of a wearable. All those wearables are probably evolving very rapidly; probably all of us will be wearing some kind of different wearables in the next two years. Everybody knows that we're moving to this incredible Internet of Things that's part of it. We call it an Internet of Customers. Everything is going online. Everything's got an API. We're generating more data than ever before. 90% of the world's data was generated in the last two years. A lot of it is coming out of this machine data. Well, as all these things are happening, of course, you want to be able to connect everything and then have these directed journeys and messaging and be able to put everything online and have everything deeply integrated into your CRM systems. I don't think there's any other company in the world that's going to be able to show what we're going to show at Dreamforce, which is this idea that everything is connected, everything's online, and that you're basically able to stay in touch with your customer minute-by-minute as it's happening. And that's just all possible because of this Marketing Cloud. So I couldn't be more excited. I mean between the Marketing Cloud, between the Analytics Cloud, between some exciting enhancements that are going to be coming for our core Salesforce Service Cloud offerings and next-generation solutions there, we've got a lot of very, very exciting things planned for September.
Marc Russell Benioff: And I'll just add to that, I guess we kind of gave it away, but tomorrow at the London Show, you're going to see Barclays profiled. And we've got an incredible demo as part of the keynote and video, you're going to see some amazing things. You're also going to see some amazing things about some other amazing European customers who we've had substantial breakthroughs with including Vodafone and Coca-Cola. I mean, if you look at this customer list in Europe, which includes ABB and BMW and BT and AXA and Philips and Unilever and so many others and then you look at all the incredible work that we're doing with these non-profits and NGOs in Europe, I mean, we've got just an impeccable brand. We've done a great job with Europe's largest and most important customers. Of course, we also have a very strong small- and medium-sized business there, as well. You're going to see it firsthand. I mean, you're going to see 52 Salesforce demo stations there showing all kinds of amazing things and spots. I mean, you've got a huge ecosystem. No one else has this. They've kind of forgotten how to be successful in the software business. And they're the only innovation SAP has is in rhetoric. They should try writing some software.
