David Havlek: Thanks, operator and welcome everyone to Salesforce.com’s fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. Joining me as always to discuss our outstanding quarter are Marc Benioff, CEO and Graham Smith, CFO. Following Marc and Graham’s prepared remarks, we will open things up to your questions. A complete disclosure of our fourth quarter results can be found in the press release issued about an hour ago as well as in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Additional information including historical financials beyond what is provided in the press release will also be made available on our website. A webcast of today’s call is available on our website for 90 days and a dial-in replay would be available through March 19. Our fourth quarter commentary today will be in GAAP terms unless otherwise stated, at times in our prepared comments or in response to your questions. We may offer certain additional metrics to provide a greater understanding of our business or our quarterly results. Please be advised that we may or may not update these additional metrics on future calls. Looking forward to FY ‘11, I am happy to make you aware of an important addition to our financial reporting beginning with our first quarter results, the company will be reporting its operating metrics and results in both GAAP and non-GAAP formats. Our outlook today reflects this additional disclosure. Graham will discuss a detailed during his prepared remarks and a full reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP outlook can be found in our earnings press release. With that said, let me make today’s call official by reminding you that the primary purpose of today’s call is to provide you with information regarding our fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 performance. However some of our discussion or responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Should any of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should our assumptions prove incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. All these risks, uncertainties and assumptions as well as other information on potential factors that could affect our financial results are included in our reports filed with the SEC including our most recently reported Form 10-Q particularly under the heading risk factors. To access our Q4 release, the additional financial detail, the webcast or any of our SEC disclosures or simply to learn more about Salesforce.com, I encourage you to visit our investor relations website at Salesforce.com/investor. Finally, please also be advised that any unreleased services or features referenced in today’s discussion or in other public statements are not currently available and may not be delivered on time or at all. Customers who purchased our services should make the purchase decisions based upon features that are currently available. With that let me turn the call over to Marc.
David Havlek: It’s probably a good way to end our call today. So I want to thank everybody for joining us. Also I want to remind everybody that Marc will be appearing at the Goldman Sachs Technology Conference tomorrow morning at 9 AM Pacific. We will also be keeping –
David Havlek: And he will be at the Pacific Crest Conference tomorrow doing a lunch time keynote at 12 noon. We look forward to talking.
David Havlek: Right. We look forward to talking with everybody in the coming days and in the coming months. Thanks and have a good day.
Graham Smith: We haven’t announced final pricing yet on Chatter. So I think at this point that group range is based on the products that we are selling today. So that will be used for the future I guess as we actually launch Chatter to general availability. In terms of the operating margin expansion, I think we feel with the growth in our products with Chatter launch, we see that as a huge paradigm shift in collaboration in the enterprise. We just want to be in a position this year to have the flexibility to invest in sales, marketing and so on. So I just think it makes sense for us heading into this year with a great Q4 performance behind us to give ourselves a little bit more flexibility around the operating margin percentage improvement.
Graham Smith: And, Heather, just to be specific on hiring, in FY ‘09 we hired net about 950 during the year; FY ‘10 year that we just finished we hired around 400. I don’t want to be too specific because I think it’s, as Marc said, we are certainly going to be trying to get a fast start with all the sales hiring. I would expect our full year hiring to be somewhere between those numbers and that’s probably as much as we want to say right now.
Graham Smith: So, Adam, on your first question around add-on upgrade, it was strong in the fourth quarter. I think if you remember we have talked in the past about a lot of our business and field sales in the enterprise happening in the fourth quarter and so we tend to get a natural little boost in add-on upgrade in the fourth quarter. So I wouldn’t characterize it as unusual for the fourth quarter but it was very heartening to see it return to that level whereas if you remember earlier in the year there was no – certainly that number was down pretty significantly. So I think all those things that Marc talked about with the Service Cloud, we are seeing a lot of follow-on business there in existing accounts that’s definitely helping. I think that’s probably as much as we want to say in terms detail around that. On billings growth or the billings growth number that you guys calculate, we don’t provide guidance around that and I have given you obviously revenue estimates for Q1 and I have given you what at least directional belief is in terms of deferred revenue for Q1 and I think obviously you can do the math from there.
Graham Smith: Well, I just think that we saw a strong execution across the board in all segments in all geographies and I think that there were a general rebound of the technology market at least for us or I would say at least with the cloud computing market; and we saw that in small, medium and large, we certainly saw that in the U.S., in Europe and Japan.
Graham Smith: So, Laura, we haven’t talked specifically about that in the past. I think we have got what we consider to be an appropriate assumption for attrition; we have seen a couple of quarters of slight improvement. I think I even said in the past, the number went up very slowly and we kind of think it will go down very slowly. So we think we have made sort of appropriate assumptions around churns for this fiscal year.
Graham Smith: There were a lot of different factors that affected those; obviously we will go through that list. I mean there are no single items that caused those changes in the fourth quarter. Certainly you have seeing a trend for us, investing more in R&D and that’s clearly to fund the development of all the great products where we are producing in the market. G&A tends to be driven by more short-term charges here and there. So we will certainly go through that list in our filings.
Graham Smith: Thomas, as far as we can see, it’s very comparable. If you look at all the major sort of variable, pricing looks very much in line with SFA opportunities, and in fact one of the things we have been delighted about is certainly that our sales cycle now is very comparable to SFA sales cycle. So certainly at this point we don’t consider there is going to be any sort of dramatic change or difference here in the economics between the Service Cloud and Sales Cloud.
Graham Smith: Well, certainly, Brendan, from a sales comp plan point of view, we have made some minor changes this year but nothing of any real significance, more what I would call fine tuning. Certainly, some of the large accounts we are paying some element of compensation on renewals but clearly the focus is still on driving new business, in as many accounts as possible. And I think certainly from an organizational point of view, no, there has not been any changes, we don’t plan any significant changes on the sales side.  As Marc mentioned, all our sales people sell all the products and I think the big difference I think in terms of our execution, one of the big factors in FY ‘10 that just finished was I think our sales people really got comfortable selling Service Cloud products and we have seen that in the acceleration of the growth rate there. So we are very happy with the way we are set up right now.
Graham Smith: Yes, I mean clearly we amortize the commissions that relate to sales over the life of the contract along with the revenue and clearly when we have a huge fourth quarter like we just had, we end up paying generally higher commissions because sales people hit their accelerators. But I don’t think – I mean that’s only part of the equation. I think what I said earlier about the margin expansion that we have done three years, we have successfully come close and demonstrated 300 basis points a year. I think this year we signaled early that we would probably not be expecting to quite be at that rate.  That’s because I think this year we feel we’re back in high growth mode, we have got huge opportunity and we want to be able to hire sales people and you know there is obviously a delay between you a hire sales person takes a while to be productive, then they get bookings, then they finally that turns into revenues. So there is sort of lag in the expense versus the revenue. And then, because of Chatter and all these new products we are coming out with, we just got a lot of opportunity I think to really build market presence. So I think that we want to be able to have the flexibility to invest in all those things this year.
Graham Smith: Ross, we gave I think a lot more commentary around bookings this last year because we felt there was a change in trend that was important to point out for our analyst investor community. I think suffice it to say, I think you can look at the deferred revenue number and probably come up with a pretty good proxy of just how strong our fourth quarter was. But I think when we are back in growth mood, we are not going to be giving a lot of sort of color on numbers or anything like that around that new business growth.
Marc Benioff: Yes, and I would just add to that that obviously we have had a great ending to the fiscal year. We are starting this new fiscal year in a growth stance and we are preparing to grow. And as part of that we want to be able to invest more heavily specifically in our distribution organization to take advantage of the weakness of our competitors in cloud computing and to take advantage of our strength. And as you mentioned, with Chatter we have some great new capabilities coming as well that not only further differentiate the products that we already have because Chatter is deeply integrated into the Sales Cloud, Service Cloud and Custom Cloud as well as being its own collaboration cloud but we really want to be able to have the distribution capacity to be able to fully execute and realize our potential.
Marc Benioff: Well, the Service Cloud is doing amazing and basically, we haven’t given the actual bookings rate year-over-year, have we? But it is our fastest growing product line. This is a market that used to be filled with lots of very competitive companies who are offering incredible solutions but unfortunately, as the move to cloud computing has happened we are really left as the only ones who have a solution that is multitenant, shared, fast, easy to get going but as in the multitenant knowledge management system, agent consoles, customer portals, deep integration with all of our CRM and custom cloud capabilities, mobility, and that has really propelled that offering this year which was accelerated by that InStranet acquisition that we did now about 18 months ago and it’s far exceeded really I think our expectations. It’s led by a spectacular executive inside the company and that we have more to announce on April 8 in New York around the Service Cloud and I will invite you to that presentation now, Heather.
Marc Benioff: It’s far exceeded my personal expectations because our Sales Force has really has now an aptitude for being able to sell it; they are not just able to sell Sales Force Automation but they recognize the potential for Service Cloud and they understand the differentiation that Custom Cloud brings it in. I don’t know if you saw on YouTube last week we put a kind of a preview of what’s coming in April 8 with the next version of Service Cloud integrated with Chatter, but that’s up on YouTube and I think that when you see that you realize we are really on our way to a huge breakthrough in terms of what we can do for customers, in terms of productivity. So I am very excited about that opportunity and then we want to couple that with the distribution expansion and we want to hire as many sales people as we can to get out and reach customers all over the world small, medium and large sized customers in the U.S., in Asia, and Europe, still relative against our main competitors that in the enterprise, Oracle, SAP and Microsoft. Our sales force is extremely small and when we get in there we are more likely to win because their technology is outdated. So we are trying to expand distribution while at the same time being mindful that our investors want us to have operating margin expansion. Certainly this year we delivered operating margin expansion. As Graham said, we are going for another 125 to 150 basis points of operating margin while also continuing to grow the top line and we are very focused on that $2 billion revenue number. We are really going, “Gee, you know, when are we going to get into that zone?” It’s only a year or two ago we were talking about a billion internally. All of our planning is around getting to that $2 billion number as fast as possible and that’s all about distribution.
Marc Benioff: Yes, and I think that the way we look at that is we just went through one of most horrific times of all time for technology spending, one of the most difficult times for a lot of companies and certainly difficult times for our peers. And yet, Salesforce.com kind of sailed through it really well.  There were times, of course, where we had a slight downtick in bookings and we had a slight uptick in attrition, but at the end of the day, we came through this stronger and better, more differentiated and ready to compete in this market than ever before. In terms of a ship that went through a difficult storm, we came out the other side with no damage.  So I am extremely optimistic about that because if anything was going to injure us, it’s kind of what we would have just gone through and because we didn’t see that we feel good.  Of course, you never know what the future holds. There is always going to be, there is always issues, this is a complex industry, it has involved complex technology but, boy, after making it through so successfully over the past 18 months, we are feeling pretty good here in San Francisco.
Marc Benioff: Well, I would say that it’s hard to make comparisons between Siebel and Salesforce.com and the reason why is is that Siebel was mostly a customer service and call center company. They didn’t really have a successful SSA business and they certainly didn’t have a platform business. They had an ERM business, employee relationship management business, which mostly failed and the UAM business, which mostly failed.  We haven’t entered any new businesses that have failed because we have one integrated offering, our sales, service, and platform are all integrated services as well as the collaboration; they all are kind of are meshed together and synergistically make a better technology overall. I think you will find that when I do my demonstration tomorrow at the Goldman Sachs Conference in the morning and the Pacific Crest keynote at lunch tomorrow on Thursday. You will be seeing me demonstrate some new technologies that emphasize the enhanced competitiveness of both the sales technology, the Sales Cloud, the customer service call center, customer portal technology, the Service Cloud, when it’s enhanced with Chatter and how those services are deeply integrated.  We still see strong growth obviously you can see by these numbers in Sales Force Automation, in customer service and support and also the platform and we are also entering the collaboration cloud. I have said this before and I still believe it that this is mostly a distribution constrained organization and that we have the market opportunity and the product and the technology and we need to expand our distribution rapidly to take advantage of the kind of very week and poor execution by our competitors, especially when you look at companies like SAP who kind of try to hold the cloud computing industry back. They give – provide all this kind of fear, uncertainty about lack of vision. I mean it’s one of the key reasons I think that they have such a big shake up there. I mean they have really become the anti-cloud in so many ways.  So that’s why I think customers are hungry for new technology, new solutions, lower cost, easier to use. Of course, they want social, they want mobile, they want real time. And that I think is a huge refresh cycle on sales, service, on all applications and especially collaboration, especially when you look at Chatter against these really legacy products like Sharepoint and Lotus Notes; I mean Lotus Notes was conceived before Mark Zuckerberg was, I mean, come on.  I was just going to mention Kash, that don’t forget if you look at the 4 million subscribers with Siebel, they didn’t have a significant SMB presence. So a lot of about 2 million subscribers that we have are in that market that Siebel never got to. So we definitely view this being a huge long-term opportunity ahead of us, Kash.
Marc Benioff: I would also just add that we get a tremendous economies of scale. When you look at the global data centers, marketplace and how companies run and execute their products, we have almost 75,000 companies using Salesforce.com now. I asked Craig Mundie at the World Economic Forum, I was sitting next to him. I said, “You know, if Salesforce.com did not exist, how many servers would have had in SQL servers and application servers and software and hardware and data centers would have to been bought and installed, how much energy would have had to be consumed as a direct comparison to what we are doing?” And he said, “Well, yes, probably more than a 100,000 servers would have had to be bought and consumed and all the energy and all the waste that goes with that.”  I mean we have only a couple thousand servers in our whole company, they are PCs and those are shared by those 75,000 customers, I mean that’s an incredible economy of scale.  When you take our software, which is the kind of the integration of the sales service platform and collaboration, it’s kind of one piece of software. It gets integrated into those couple thousand PCs and then we get just tremendous economies of scale and efficiency and then you add on to that some of this great new technology. We have had tremendous success with the with Dell’s new Nehalem technology. We had tried it in several of our servers over the weekend and we saw massive capability that we did not see before and through a hardware change, that just was awesome what is happening on the hardware side. It really emphasizes what a scam traditional enterprise software and hardware is and also what a huge hog it is on kind of world that is constrained by energy, having to install more of these servers and data centers. This is the time we need to break out. So I just think that when you look at the Service Cloud, we have a sales force to understand how to sell it, we have the data centers in place, we have the software ready to go. We just need the enlightenment from the customers that, I will give you an example.  We have a customer that we recently sold and they are U.K. customer, they have two data centers. For 500 call center agents, they had 500 servers in two data centers backed up doing DR against each on the (inaudible), running technology that they bought in 1995, that’s right. So you look at that and you go, this is just an opportunity for a great efficiency, great enhancement and the way our company is set up, we can deliver economies to scale because we essentially have one offering. And yes, we have different names for that offering and it can more often it can change for each customer but the Service Cloud 3 we are really ready to go.  I guess I just tipped off the announcement for April 8, well, anyway you get the idea that we are moving this product forward very, very rapidly.
Marc Benioff: Yes, we just finished our sales kickoff in Las Vegas last week and we had our entire sales organization there. I would just say that for them there has never been a better time to be, in sales and in cloud computing. In Salesforce.com, we have a fantastic product line. We understand the compensation formulas to create their success – we understand the formulas to create the customer success. We are just distribution constrained. We are just not in enough deals. We need to reach this total market and we need to continue to grow. We need to continue to visualize ourself beyond that $2 billion revenue number with that fully diversified product line and that’s where we are moving at Salesforce.
Marc Benioff: Yes, completed a very successful convertible that Graham articulated. I mean the numbers just made a huge amount of sense for the company and I just want to congratulate for my finance organization of pulling off what I thought was just a spectacular transaction for the company to help us, fundamentally give us flexibility to make investments and to maintain leadership and to grow and do advance. That said our strategy is fundamentally unchanged. We want the flexibility, we want the cash in hand to be able to be moved if there is a deal to be done.  But we are really focused on our three clouds and now the fourth cloud with Chatter. We have our hands full of technology and product and innovation. And we are going to continue to focus on our fundamental core, I would call it organic growth, I mean this is a company that is just growing organically only if we saw some technology that could really make one of those clouds that were in better, more differentiated, grow faster, expand our distribution, when we start to look at something. At the same time, we are going to be very, very conservative in doing that because everything is working so well here.  That’s why what you have seen us do is a lot of very, very small deals. Our most recent one was with this company called Group Swim, which was this kind of intelligence on – it’s a future version of Chatter that’s coming farther down the road. That will be smarter about how you get your feeds and become really intelligent.  We are already using Chatter now internally at Salesforce and it’s amazing. I mean it’s I think fundamentally changing our work. If you are with the Salesforce.com employee, have them show you what it looks like in production. It’s really spectacular. I will be showing it off tomorrow at the two conferences that I will be speaking at. So when we go to look at M&A, look, we are really going to mostly just focus on the strategy that we have and that’s working because that seems like our best opportunity. We want to be opportunistic but the reality is at the same time, we don’t want to feel rushed to do anything but boy, it’s great to have $1.7 billion in cash, so that if there ever was a situation we could act if we had to.
Marc Benioff: Our dominant cost remains distribution. This isn’t a company that’s structured kind of like Omniture or some of these on-demand companies where like the quarter of our revenues gets shot into CapEx or something like that. We have tremendous economies of scale and efficiency in our data center architecture and then the fundamental way that over a last 11 years we have architected our software to be really efficient in managing these 75,000 customers and millions of users. And our cost structure and our investments going forward are really about how fast do we want to grow distribution.  If we had our way, we would just double, triple, quadruple distribution because we see that kind of opportunity out there. But the reality is we are also very sensitive to our investors and while we want to grow the top line, which we are doing, we also want to expand the margin and that’s why this year we are committed to another 125 to 150 basis points while also having delivered really terrific operating margin growth over the last several years. If you look at the numbers over the last several years, they are really spectacular while heading towards this $2 billion number. So we are just continuing to execute our winning formula.  Operator, unfortunately, we only have time for one more call and I want to apologize to all those in the queue. We still have a double-digit number of folks in the queue. It’s a quality of problem to have but unfortunately we only have time for one more call. So one more question. So with that, we will take our last question.
Marc Benioff: And I would just add, I think that when we are working on writing the press release over the last week, we were just very, very grateful for all the support that we have gotten from the over the past year. It’s been a difficult year for a lot of companies. We have obviously had a great year. We are really delighted.  We want to thank all of you for supporting us this year. I want to thank our customers, I want to thank our employees and we are looking forward to having another great year in fiscal year ‘11 and looking forward to speaking with all of you over the next couple of days at the conferences coming up, and again seeing you for several major product announcements on April 8 in New York City. Thank you so much.
