Mark J. Hawkins: Sure. I'll start out on this, and then will just turn it over, Brent, to Keith, as well here. But we saw just a tremendous amount of traction in the Service Cloud. I think part of the issue when we see deal after deal coming forward is the ROI. It's just so strong. People are able to help their customer raise their customer satisfaction and also have a really strong ROI from that standpoint. So I saw it coming through in a lot of big deals, and that's probably a good segue for Keith.
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure. No, I appreciate the question, actually. Let's just break it down one question at a time. Let's start with the operating margin. We're super-pleased with the operating margin. As you've heard we've expanded the operating margin for five quarters in a row year-on-year. Moreover you've heard from Marc and I, just absolute unequivocal commitment to the revenue operating margin framework that we talk about in terms of the rate of growth and the rate of operating margin expansion. That's really clear, and you're seeing period after period after period of demonstrating that with action and results. And we're committed to the increase, obviously. And so, at the same time, it's obviously our priority as a company to be a growth company and to take full advantage of investing to go tackle this amazing TAM that's out there, that's north of $50 billion today. It's a double-digit growing TAM, a huge opportunity. And so, clearly what we're doing is we're growing rapidly, fastest-growing top 10 software company in the world, and we're expanding operating margin just exactly as we said we would do, just exactly consistent with the framework, so obviously, making sure that we're investing in growth as well. So I think that's a key point there. We feel great about the guide. We've raised the guide. Effectively, it was 125 basis points to 150 basis points, as you've said. Now we've taken it up to 150 basis points approximately, and we feel good and confident about that. So we'll get a chance to revisit that as we go, but that's where we're at. Point one. Point two is on the operating cash flow. One of the things that is pronounced, not only in operating cash flow, but in a number of the metrics of the company, we've talked for, actually, quite some time around the compounding effect of more and more of our invoicing showing up in Q4. And as we know, one of the effects of that shows makes our cash flow growth more by bimodal, it (48:12) shows up more in Q1 and then it shows up more in terms of Q4, and that's no shock. And one of the things that we want to make sure, we think we have a very solid operating cash flow guide – by the way, that's exactly consistent with the revenue operating margin framework that we put out, right now the exact framework that we added. And at the end of the day, when we see – when we have – we're closer to Q4 and we have more visibility around Q4, we'll revisit that and we'll have a better sense of, is there anything we want to change there? But we think it's an appropriate guide. So hopefully that's helped on both sides.
Mark J. Hawkins: Just to chip in one last point. Kirk, you'd asked about market share specifically, I just want to add – since you asked it, address it directly, we're globally taking market share. It's been a persistent trend in CRM. And Gartner's report just show we took another 200 basis points of market share, so that's exciting and I just wanted to get that out since you asked about it.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, just a couple comments on that. Obviously, this is proof positive that we're not just a Salesforce automation company, and that we have a very diversified, very, very strong portfolio across the Customer Success Platform. Specifically around service, as you know, many companies differentiate themselves because of service and the way that they deliver service, so many companies are looking for innovation around how they engage with their customers. And over 70% of all sales, quite frankly, come from great service. So we're seeing this play out in the marketplace. Customers talk to us about how they can transform their business, and our Service Cloud product is best-in-class, so that certainly is what we're seeing going on in the marketplace right now.
Keith G. Block: Yeah. Listen, thank you very much for the question. So as we continue to fuel our industry strategy, it really starts in a number of ways. Number one is that we want to make sure that we have the right industry messaging, the right content around our Customer Success Platform specific to a particular industry. Secondly, industries just deepen the relationship with a customer. Marc and I both talked about the level of engagement that we're seeing from CEOs. A lot of that dialog is around specific industry and vertical content. So as we continue to think about our product portfolio and we extend our Customer Success Platform, which is an incredible platform, it's not just things that we extend ourselves. Our customers extend it. We have an incredible ecosystem that extends the capability of the platform. There is a natural play to deepen the relationships, drive more strategic relationships with more industry-focus product. Specific to your question around how we organize in the field, over the last few years, we have been very carefully and very slowly moving to more and more of a vertical orientation. For example, we have a huge focus on our public sector. We are taking a look at expanding how we go after financial services markets and healthcare and life sciences markets. So we've done this very carefully and very thoughtfully, and it's really paying out in our results.
Keith G. Block: Okay. Hi, Heather. Thanks for the question. So, as you know, we are very excited about announcing Wave at last Dreamforce and very quickly, we were able to sign up some large, very strategic deals. In fact, if I go through the roster of customers that I just mentioned in the earnings call, many of them were existing analytics customers or had signed up net new as analytics customers and part of the solution that they're looking for to transform their businesses. So we have gotten some tremendous feedback about the capabilities of that particular cloud, and how it fits relative to the customer engagement and driving customer success and how it does against the competition. I'll tell you, it will be the fastest launch of any product line that we've ever had here at Salesforce. So, there's a lot of enthusiasm, there's a lot of innovation, there's quite a bit of traction with the product. We're getting some great feedback from our customers. We're getting great feedback from our partners and I think that – it is very differentiated in the way that it drives insights to actions and that's not something that you see from the legacy BI product lines that have been entrenched for 20 or 30 years. So customers think of it as innovative and game-breaking and we're starting to see the results.
Keith G. Block: So there's several things going on. First of all, I think everybody knows that one of our growth strategies was to really expand our ecosystem and that takes a couple of flavors. We talked a little bit on this call, couple questions ago around our platform and our ISVs focus, but another very important piece of that, obviously, is the systems integrators globally and the regional boutiques who have influence in the boardroom, who have industry expertise and deep content and are at the forefront of helping our joint customers transform their businesses. Really what's happening is that we're moving away from the legacy world of on-premise into the cloud and the integrators and influencers in the world, they see it, they want to be part of it, they see new business opportunities, they want to drive unprecedented levels of customer success, and we're the only company that can bring that solution to bear with our Customer Success Platform at scale. And that's why these integrators and influencers are really latching onto us and partnering with us and locking arms and they are making the investments in their Salesforce practices and cannibalizing their legacy SAP and Oracle practices. And that's exactly what's happening. They see this huge shift in the marketplace and they want to be able to respond to it with us.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, so thanks for the question. Just a couple of comments. I mentioned earlier on Wave how excited we were at Dreamforce and demonstrated some proof points very quickly and we continue to gain momentum in that marketplace. I think one of the things that the Wave team has done just an outstanding job of is to get feedback and that's what great companies do, they listen to their customers and their customers inspire them. And that's what Salesforce is all about. And so, we have gotten some great feedback on analytics. We are well-positioned in the marketplace. We've got a great ecosystem associated with analytics. We've got more than 80 partners. We've done some great things with Merck and Barclays and Genomic Health, and we'll continue to evolve and augment and enhance the product so that it is far-reaching. So we're excited about the future of Wave and we think it's going to be an incredible product. It's already had a great first year, almost first year, I should say. We're very proud of our Marketing Cloud performance in the quarter. That cloud is gaining momentum. It has really been an incredible part of our Customer Success Platform. It completes our solution for our customers to transform their businesses as far as how they define their digital strategies and their customer strategies. And so we will continue to see, again, as all innovative companies do, but none like Salesforce, we will continue to innovate our product line and enhance our product line, and there are natural adjacencies that you look to and we'll continue to innovate. That is the DNA and heart and soul of this company. We are all about innovation. So, you'll continue to see great offerings coming out of this place.
Keith G. Block: Yeah. I would echo what Marc said. We made a conscious decision, as a company, to focus on international growth. We saw Europe as a huge opportunity. The European market has been shackled by legacy technology for decades, quite frankly, and they are screaming for innovation. The CEO dialogue, the agenda of the CEO, is growth. Our message is all about growth and customer success. So there's an alignment here that is fantastic and we're seeing it play out in the marketplace. We have made significant investments and those bets are paying off internationally in all the areas that Marc has mentioned. So international is a strength area for us for sure. EMEA, in particular, is a great story. We have a great team and all of our senior executives spend plenty of time talking to senior executives in our customer base in Europe.
Keith G. Block: Yeah, I think I'll would just follow that up. This is an incredibly successful company that it's just an execution machine with great products and great customers and great innovation and great partners. And as part of being a growth company, we invest in our customers, we invest in innovation, we invest in our employees, and we invest in our partners. And when you are the leader and viewed as the trusted advisors to the most significant and important companies in the world, that's what you do, that's where you place your bets and that's where you innovate and invest in and that's what this company is all about. It's innovation and growth and customer success.
Marc Russell Benioff: I'd also like to add, with the Service Cloud, we've talked a lot about the success of many of our customers, including Home Depot, we've even pointed you to our really cool Home Depot Community site: community.homedepot.com. If you want to see the Service Cloud in action yourself, you just have to go to support.us.playstation.com. That's Sony's website for supporting the Sony PlayStation. It runs entirely on Salesforce's Service Cloud. It's had over 16 million page views so far and we're doing our Service Cloud, our console, case management, live agent knowledge, and social service with Sony. It's completely cool and it's another great example the success our customers are having with Service Cloud.
Marc Russell Benioff: Well, I think the way to understand the future is to look at the past, and you can look at IBM with the Mainframe business. I think we all know IBM still sells a lot of Mainframes. That doesn't mean that IBM is innovating, that doesn't mean that IBM is creating value for customers or helping them to transform customers' businesses or align them with modern trends. It just means they're selling them old technology and upgrading it. And that's what you see with companies like Oracle and SAP. These are old technology bases that are kind of meandering along like Mainframes. And I think that is reflected exactly as you said in their license revenue growth, which has been poor, and then their movement to the cloud has been stunted because they don't want to shift those customers into new models. Exactly why IBM lost the PC business because they were too afraid to let go of the Mainframe. It's the past replaying itself. But instead of IBM, you've got Oracle and SAP basically running the same playbook. We all know that the world has changed, it's moved to the cloud, it's multitenant architectures, it's about meta-database application development and deployment, it's about social user interfaces, it's about mobility, and it's about data science, and it's about the Internet of Things and the integration of everything. And companies who have built platforms, like Salesforce who has done that, deliver world-class growth like we're doing in this quarter. And if you haven't done that, well, then you end up with a quarter like Oracle or SAP had. I think you've seen in the last four or six or eight quarters, they've missed almost all of them. And that's because their technology bases are degrading the way Mainframes have. But they can hang in there with their revenue, and it's meander along like big dinosaurs moving down the desert for a while. But nothing can stop the movement of new technologies and the key to being successful in the technology industry is to kind of transform that innovator's dilemma, to kind of constantly rethink and re-conceptualize yourself, to have a beginner's mind. And if you can do that, you can create something amazingly new. And you're going to see at Dreamforce more examples of Salesforce doing that. I've never been more excited about our technology base and what we're delivering to our customers, but ultimately, I've never been more excited that customers just love using our solutions, love working with us, and you feel that when you're at Dreamforce, and you're going to feel that in a bigger way than ever before.
Marc Russell Benioff: I think you're going to have to come to Dreamforce because it's going to be one of the most exciting announcements that we have at the show.
Marc Russell Benioff: Well, Kash, I think we've mostly seen Oracle actually fail in the cloud market, I mean, for a long time, Larry said that the cloud was ridiculous and then he started taking it more seriously, but I just haven't seen any competitive cloud solutions from Oracle. And I think that's the shame. And I do view Larry as one of the most capable leaders in our industry. He's amazing. Of course, he's one of my mentors. But in this area of the cloud, Oracle has not delivered. And I think a great example of that is in the CRM marketplace. Here you can see Salesforce is selling billions of dollars of CRM in the cloud this year. Oracle is selling millions of dollars. And I think if you are selling millions and you have a competitor who is a relatively new entrant selling billions, well, then I would chalk that up as a failure in the cloud.
Marc Russell Benioff: Yeah, I think they also – just to add on to Keith's point – they clearly see that the world is going to the cloud and they want to be part of it, no doubt.
Marc Russell Benioff: I'd just like to add that, if you go to my Facebook feed or my Twitter feed you'll see I posted a video that summarizes our Q2 results. And I spent the majority of the quarter in Europe. I lived over there. It's the third year in a row that I've done that, and the video covers some of our activities in Europe for the year and the quarter, as well.
