Marc Benioff: Well thanks so much for that question. I'll tell you that I think that we are rapidly heading towards this Fourth Industrial Revolution and that this digital transformation is hitting every industry, and retail certainly is one of the major industries that is really been taken the stand and deliver, and you are seeing a bifurcating between those organizations who are ready for this transformation and those who aren't. But it includes not just the ability to have a strong digital presence but also being able to understand what your strength is in regards to your physical presence and making those to work together in a synergistic way. Well, that is where the magic is for many of the organizations that you mentioned. I work with a lot of those CEOs personally and I can tell you that they've done a tremendous job. You mentioned Target, I mean you just have to go in and see what they've done online is matched as well as what they've done in the physical store. I think that that's kind of an indication of where the future is going. You didn't see of course Amazon moving into the physical world as well. We've seen tremendous success with our own e-commerce platform. We're very excited with Demandware. And some of the customers that we've seen on that platform have really just trounced their competitors. Of course there's a lot of good examples; Adidas [ph] is one, but there's so many others. And every one of these companies needs a strong platform like Demandware, but I'll tell you it's more than that, it means that they have a real Customer 360 because once that customer actually gets to the store you want to know everything about them in terms of a 360 experience. And we have a number of luxury retailers some that I can mention by name, but honestly a lot of them, so I just cannot by their own request who have done a tremendous job of integrating their digital experience and their physical experience. And when you walk into one of their stores they say, hey did you know we have this new capability or that new capability where you purchase something and in this product line and it's made a big difference for them. So you're 100% right that transformation in retail is underway and we're excited to offer that Customer 360 vision to the top retailers, so that they can offer whether it's in sales or service or as you mentioned e-commerce or marketing or app development or so many other things the ability to be competitive. Thanks for the question.
Marc Benioff: Well, thanks Heather and I'll let Mark directly addressed the issues of guidance. But I'll tell you that, the way we look at it is innovation is happening everywhere and we have tremendous innovation happen been in the Salesforce, and that's been so important for us over the last 21 years. But we're also in all of -- a lot of other innovation that's happening outside of our company and we've been fortunate to have a big enough view of innovation that it's motivated us to be one of the most innovative companies in the world because we were the hardest both organic and inorganic innovation I think in a really positive way. And I have to also thank our customers because a lot of the ideas that we've created whether it's software we've – software we've built or companies we've bought it's really been driven by those customers. I mean a great example just tying back to the last call is Demandware, one of those luxury retailers is based in Paris. I was having a meeting with them, and they took me aside and they said the company that you should acquire is Demandware and here's why. They had already moved to Salesforce and other services and -- but they had a gap in their Customer 360 and they wanted our ability to be able to connect Demandware into what we were doing so that they could have, be more competitive themselves. And that has turned out to be really great for them and augment our vision of what CRM is and also being able to execute our Customer 360 vision. I think that when I look out and I just was thinking about conversations that I had today, we're really at a moment in time where these top CEOs in the world all realize not only do their digital transformation has to be under way, their customer experience has to be first. And I'll let Marc to answer the rest of the question.
Marc Benioff: Well, let me fill in some of it, but then also let me ask Keith really to fill in the rest. I think you said it really well which is that we've worked really hard to build this Customer 360 platform. It's taken us 21 years and it turns out, this is exactly what customers want and really need to be competitive in today's world. And as we go to now execute and deliver that, we are focused on how do we do that by region, by country where we're really looking at how we're doing that by segment, it's extremely important. And I think that for us certainly we started just with Salesforce automation. That was our kind of soul app if you will. But it was it was clear from a focus with customers that if we're going to continue to build serve them we had to get to customer – to Customer 360. So, Bret maybe you also want to add to that and then Keith I think maybe it'd be great if you filled in on the go-to-market as well.
Marc Benioff: Let me address – hi, Keith. Let me address the first part of this and then I'll ask Mark Hawkins to comment as well. So look, we're incredibly excited about Tableau. It's a great company, a set of great products. It's got an incredible development community. It's got a great executive team and customers love their products. As far as Click Software and I'll let Mark talk about Tableau in a second, but as far as Click Software, we're very, very excited about the Click Software acquisition. As you may know Field Service is incredibly strategic to a number of industries such as utilities, telecommunications, equipment manufacturers and we have a very strong product in Field Service Lightning. And the combination of Field Service Lightning which grew 100% by the way year-over-year in the quarter and Click Software is very, very compelling. So that's a great example of marrying innovation organically and inorganically. So we're super excited about that. And Mark I know you have some comments specifically on the Tableau.
Marc Benioff: Well, I'm going to actually ask Bret to answer that question. I mean I think it's perfectly set up for him to deliver, so Bret you want to hit it.
Marc Benioff: Thanks everybody for participating in the call today. And I specially want to thank all of our Ohana who just did a fantastic job this quarter and we couldn't be more pleased with the outcome, and John.
Mark Hawkins: Sure. Thank you, Marc, and thank you Heather for the question. We certainly highly prize the operating margin expansion. It's something that's very important to us. Over time as you can see over the last several years we've been expanding that. We do make tradeoffs between our organic growth and margin. The tradeoffs are something that we always look at when we look at this opportunity to serve the customer. We have been making considerable progress over the years, but we know there's more work to be done and that's something that we're always thinking about and trying to focus on constantly improving. We're certainly going to be talking about that in February when we give out our operating margin targets. And I hear your point about exploring beyond one year, but certainly we'll be talking about the operating margin in February.
Mark Hawkins: Sure. Well, first of all, thank you Walter and I'm happy to do that. I think the thing that we are making progress on right now is in the area of gross margin. You'll take note, we've been investing for quite some time to get more scale and capability there and we're pleased to see some progress on that. We're getting also progress in our G&A areas as we look to make G&A more efficient as we scale up the company. That's certainly an area that we're making progress as well. We have a great initiative. I think our team driving even customer success there in it to really help deliver an even better performance while also scaling. And I think these are some of the areas in the cost in particular that we're doing. And Walter, I would add just one additional point in an area of cost to book, that's always a choice, it's always a tradeoff. And we just had a great market opportunity in front of us to serve our customer. And we're obviously investing there but always looking for progress as well. But those other areas are the key areas that we're focused on.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. I do in fact. And let me take the numbers first and we'll talk about the synergy secondly. First of all, Keith I just want to call off for the year as it relates to Tableau we're anticipating $550 million to $600 million contribution for the year, and of course that's not of the DRE [ph] write-down, number one. Number two; for the quarter for Tableau I just want to reiterate that we're looking at $300 million and the Q3 time period again net the DRE write-down. That's the first part of your question. The second part of your question has to do with synergies. And I just would call out and say that look, we're incredibly excited, but as discussed at the beginning of the call, we're running the companies separately right now as operating independently. Right now, it's an incredible company with a fantastic product and leadership team. We're so pleased about that and so excited about that. But let me take a step back and address the spirit of your question. We have a tremendous history with acquisitions of complementing organic innovation and being able to make progress in that way. And when we do M&A, we're always looking for opportunities to make these companies even better and have even greater success for our customers, which is what it's all about at the end of the day. So I've never been more excited about our ability to create more success for our customers that with the strategy, that's what I would say.
Mark Hawkins: So, why don't I take that and then I think Bret will want to weigh-in as well from the product strategy perspective. This way the digital transformation is really fueled by so many things that is the foundation of it is the 360 degree view of the customer and each of the elements of that 360 degree view of the customer important whether it's relative to the use case and the problem that you're trying to solve whether it's sales or service or marketing or commerce. And service is just very powerful. If you look at companies in a variety of industries they like to differentiate themselves by service and customer experience is a big component of that. And field service is a big component of that. So as we talk to these executives about the future of growth you can't have growth without the great customer experience and that starts with service. So Bret, I'm sure you want to add to that as well.
Mark Hawkins: Well, Jennifer, one of the important things of being a global company is to be able to think globally and think strategically and act locally. And we want to empower our leaders in the field so that they can make decisions on behalf of the customers in front of the customers. There's an expression that says, the best decisions are not made in the office. They are made out in the field. And by hiring these senior executives and cultivating and growing our other executives inside the company so that they're empowered to make these decisions. We think this is a perfect way to skill [ph] a company. With respect to being a global company versus an international company, kind of the key tenant of being a global is that you act the same, you behave the same, you execute the same no matter where you are all over the world, whether it is with one or many customers. And as we bring in these senior executives, we're augmenting and enhancing an already incredible management team. So we're super excited about these adds and challenges and important strategy for the future.
Bret Taylor: Yes. I think Marc, you put it well, which is as we think about our value proposition, it spans a lot of different markets, but it's all under this umbrella of digital transformation. And I think the defining characteristic of companies in the Fourth Industrial Revolution is the things driving the digital investment is customer experience. Customers are demanding that their interact with these companies in new ways. And that does span the entire portfolio. The question that came up earlier about Demandware and commerce, its a lot more than that. When you think about what it defines your retail experience, it's about customer service, it's about buying online and picking up in-store, its about merging the physical and the digital. It's about how you get recommendations and marketing after you've purchased something. And so when I look at our portfolio, it spans wide breadth of functionality. But when I talk to the CEOs of all the major companies in the world that's what they need to transform is all of the above. And when they fragment their customer experience by thinking of them as separate categories or silos they can't actually achieve the vision of the digital native companies that you mentioned before. So, I think our breath is an asset when we go into these conversations with our customers because I think we can provide a more complete vision for their digital transformation than any other company.
Bret Taylor: Yes, absolutely. This is really our vision for the Customer 360 platform, which is a platform that works together with all these technology that's accessible to all of our Trailblazers. And when we talk a lot about Trailhead and we talk about this vision of low-code, that's what we mean. There is 1.5 million people are earning 15 million badges, are learning how to apply these advanced technologies and the technologies you mentioned in the first half of this year alone the capabilities had this platform are incredible. We added the Salesforce Blockchain. We added Salesforce Maps. We added Einstein translation, Einstein Voice, Einstein Vision. We have all these capabilities and they're accessible to everyone on our platform in a low-code way. And what that means for our customers is it's easy for them to leverage these technologies to improve their customer experience. And all those technologies you mentioned the challenges that we hear in the market is these customers are excited about these new technologies and what they could do for their customer experience. But it's often cost prohibitive or too complex to do so. And that's the value they see in our Customer 360 platform. That's why as Marc mentioned Salesforce is the number two most appealing job according to GlassDoor. In the first half of this year alone over 72,000 new job postings for Salesforce jobs were posted on just the top two job sites. You're seeing the draw of this platform and you're seeing how empowering it is for – I think anyone in the world can become a Salesforce developer. You could if you go on fill out after this call.
Bret Taylor: Yes. I'll add to – I do think our customers are driving us here because service defines their brand. But I also think it shows the power of this Customer 360 platform because all of these fundamental technology innovations we're investing in really I think benefits service in an unique way. Obviously, with Einstein bots enabled customers to deploy frontline support using AI. This past quarter, we added Einstein case routing, so we can route support cases that people have the best skill to provide the best customer experience at the right time. You saw the growth in field service which we are really proud of. It really shows how our investment in maps and geo location and mobility are all sort of converging to enable these customers to provide the right support to the right customers wherever they happen to be. And so I really want to say that this is really what I view as the power of the platform. We're doing so much leverage from our technology investments to enable the experience that Keith talked about.
