Marc Benioff: All right. Look, you're not going to want to miss it. Look, before handing off to Bret, I'd like to congratulate Brian Millham, our new Chief Operating Officer. Brian is employee #13 and has been helping us to build this company from its earlier days. As Chief Operating Officer, Brian is going to continue to lead our customer success organization and now adds global sales to his responsibilities. Bringing our incredible customer success ecosystem, Sales Cloud sales even closer under Brian will help us to deliver the full power of Salesforce to every one of our customers in the new economy. And we're so fortunate that Gavin Patterson has taken on this important new role as Chief Strategy Officer, helping us to guide our strategic direction. And thank you and congratulations to Gavin. I'm so grateful to Gavin who for the last 2 years during the pandemic has overseen one of Salesforce's most rapid growth periods in Salesforce's history. When I look back at the last 3 years, I saw it was really only 2 years ago, in fiscal year '21, when we did, proud, I think it was about $5.1 million -- is that -- $5.1 billion. Is that right, Mike, something like that? And then last year, I think for Q2, we did something like $6.3 billion, and now we're doing $7.7 billion, if I get the numbers right. I mean it's an incredible trajectory of growth from over the last 24 months. And I couldn't be more proud of Gavin to help us during that period and now, Brian, in your COO role. Congratulations to Brian and Gavin. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Bret. 
Marc Benioff: Yes. I'm so happy to talk to you, Keith, and I'll tell you that you're right. We took the guide down really around 2 points. One is the foreign exchange environment is obviously just unprecedented. And we talked about that last quarter as well. I think maybe we were one of the first to really see what was going on. Somehow just being on the ground in some of these countries that have been so dramatically hit. But to look at where we are right now with the yen, to look where we are right now with the euro, I think the euro maybe just broke parity yesterday. I mean it's -- we're really in an unprecedented moment in foreign exchange. And on the other side, as I said and I think as the team has really emphasized, really starting in July, we started to see some metrics where we're like, where do we exactly want to be for the year? And what is appropriate for us? And how do we correctly characterize where the business is? And that is really how we kind of put together this guide, which we think is the appropriate way to communicate the status of the business because we want to be in a place where we're communicating exactly where we are. So I'm sure Amy is going to amplify that as well. 
Marc Benioff: Well, that would be my pleasure. I mean I think a lot of you know Brian, he's been a trusted part of our management team for over 20 years. And look, the last time he was the head of sales was only 2 years ago when we went into the pandemic and went through the transition with Keith. You may remember, I put Brian in for, I think, 1 or 2 quarters to run global sales, did a fantastic job. He didn't want to continue with it. So we asked Gavin to step up from his role of -- I think it was International Chairman or European Chairman, I can't remember, honestly. And really proud of Gavin for the last now 2 years. And then Brian is right here. And I asked Brian if he would come in and take this forward and he agreed. And I couldn't be more grateful to that. I know we have just a trusted hand. In terms of the transition period, I couldn't imagine anybody who will operate the organization so seamlessly and transparently and with ease. And everybody has such a good relationship already with Brian. And he already runs our forecast calls. He's already been a key part of our sales program. I don't expect any transition period at all, and I'm holding him to that actually. 
Marc Benioff: Well, we definitely surprised both of us, right, how low attrition Brian has been able to get. And how great a job he's done. 
Marc Benioff: Can you just address Brent's direct question on transition time, how hard of a transition is this going to be for... 
Marc Benioff: Well, I think the main piece that I would really focus on is really going to be spending as much time as I can with customers at Dreamforce. This is our opportunity to really understand deeply across a wide spectrum of our customers, geographies, verticals, what it is that they are seeing in their own businesses. But I think when you look at these customers, we mentioned one is L'Oreal, this has just been an incredible success story for us. We see the B2C story. They're using Marketing Cloud and Commerce Cloud and Service Cloud. The Commerce Cloud story is incredible where they have almost 200 sites globally now for all of their brands. They've got highly customized experiences on the web and mobile and in-store for -- I'm sure a lot of you use the Kiehl's brand. It's a great product. They have a whole new skin hub. They've been with us. They've really reimagine their business using Customer 360. It's a company that we're going to feature and focus and talk about and inspire others at Dreamforce. I think when you see stories like that, when you look at all the stories that we've seen, especially during this pandemic surge over the last 2 years, it's incredible what folks have done with their businesses. When we get to this moment, I don't think it's a huge surprise that customers are more measured. Everybody is like wondering exactly where the economy is going and how things are moving forward. So this is a point where people are taking a little bit of a breath and then they will reassess. And then when they get their confidence and kind of a full vision for the next stage of their company, they come in. And until then, it's a lot of the transactional business that we would normally see and move forward with. 
Marc Benioff: No. I think that committing to this -- committing to the margin for the year is so critical as well for investors. 
Marc Benioff: And you can see like we've picked up some great companies, whether it was ExactTarget, which was kind of the beginning of really augmenting Customer 360 with our Marketing Cloud and then moving on to MuleSoft was amazing. It's really provided all the integration and the connectivity, and then on to Tableau and giving this extension of analytics. So important to so many of our largest customers. And then Slack, I just mentioned L'Oreal, it's an incredible Slack story. They've streamlined their communication. They've got -- they have that awesome Brandstorm event. Have you seen that, Bret? It's that worldwide innovation competition that they do. They've got more than 83,000 student participants, 65 countries. They use Slack to drive that thing forward. You look at that, we're a different company because we had an acquisition strategy over the last decade. I don't think we necessarily need to break that. But at the same time, we need to be paying attention to dilution and the overall, making sure we have the correct capital allocation strategy as well. 
Marc Benioff: Yes. And I really think that when we get to Dreamforce and you see how we brought all of these platforms together, integrated them, you're going to see some really powerful integration capabilities. You already saw some of it at the World Tour in New York with kind of the first level of the customer data platform. You're going to see a whole another extension of that kind of capability when we get to Dreamforce. And it's -- I think, as Bret said, it's in a very exciting moment in time when it comes to innovation with the company. 
Marc Benioff: And I think a lot of the reasons that we bought the company that they really could benefit from our credibility with customers and our distribution capacity have really paid out. It's such a great product. And in June, you probably know that Bret and I did the World Tour in New York. Many of you were there, but the day before was the Frontiers Conference for Slack. And if you haven't looked at the demo, you really should because the product has come a long way since we bought the company. It's an incredible piece of technology... 
Marc Benioff: We've integrated Slack with Tableau, which is really cool, right? Because you can do collaborative analytics. 
Marc Benioff: But a lot of our customers still haven't seen this. And I think that's why I'm so excited about Dreamforce because when you come to Dreamforce, and you see the keynote, obviously, this will be highlighted. And I think customers will see in real time. What we saw, for example, in Frontiers, even we didn't really have the opportunity because COVID was so freshly integrated into our World Tour keynote, which Bret and I have lamented many times. But I think that when you start to see the incredible innovation that have happened in the Salesforce core clouds like sales, like service, marketing, commerce, even Tableau, you combine that with Slack. You bring that into the Customer 360 with MuleSoft, the single source of truth. The way it's all being integrated with this customer data platform, I don't think anyone else has this vision or is trying to even to execute it. And I've made this kind of L'Oreal -- I told you the L'Oreal story, I said quite a few times, you're going to see that in Dreamforce in real time. You can see many other stories, because I think for us, just trying to communicate our vision, this is like probably the most exciting thing going on here. We just brought 500 of our top executives together for kind of second half kickoff and showed them what we're so excited about, and I don't think anybody walked away not thinking that we've not only got a world-class product that's highly differentiated, but we're really where a lot of our customers are trying to get to in the next level of their customer experience.  And Bret's made the point, Amy's made the point, Brian's made the point that digital transformation is underway, but we all know that every digital transformation is beginning and ending with the customer. And you've got to have this beginning. You have to kind of begin with the end of mine when that's all about building this Customer 360, and you're going to see this at scale when we all get to Dreamforce, and I'll look forward to your feedback then. 
Bret Taylor: The other thing I just want to add is Brian has been running our customer success, professional services and partnership organization for a long time. And I think the story to the pandemic has been our historically low attrition rates and our focus on customer outcomes. And I'm really excited about the opportunity of bringing our global sales organization together with our customer success organization. And it's a really important part of our philosophy. And I think this move... 
Bret Taylor: And deeply connecting that success motion to our sales motion, I think, reflects a philosophical view from Marc and me about really our philosophy. 
Bret Taylor: Yes. I think, Marc, you articulated it well. I mean when I mentioned this before, but the pillars of our capital allocation strategy are: number one, that we're going to continue to become more profitable to generate expanded free cash flow over time. That's what Marc was saying. 
Bret Taylor: It is. And number two, we're going to invest in organic innovation. And we talked a bit on -- there's a question Amy earlier on investment. I'm so proud of our investment in organic innovation. You'll see a lot more of it at Dreamforce, but I think we have a better pace of organic innovation that we've had in our history. But -- and then finally, we want to reduce the impact of dilution, which is feedback I've gotten from all of you. And we're focused on offsetting our stock-based compensation. And we're also focused on maintaining a healthy balance sheet because we understand that's an incredible piece of leverage we have for future M&A. So I think this is a way to -- that we can continue to acquire in the future. It's been a big part of our company's history. It will be a big part of our future, but do so in a way that minimizes the impact of dilution and does it in a more shareholder-friendly way. 
Bret Taylor: Yes. Thanks, Kirk. We have 12 industry clouds spanning a wide range of industries where I think CRM is particularly strategic from financial services to health care, to consumer goods and manufacturing. And you can think of our industry cloud is essentially taking the Customer 360: sales, service, marketing, e-commerce, Tableau, MuleSoft, Slack, and building industry-specific processes and workflows that work out of the box. And as you're sort of alluding to, there's a lot of value for our customers. Number one is they don't need to pay us or a professional services firm to implement the table stakes for their digital transformation. It works out of the box. That means they can focus their investment resources in the areas of their business that are differentiated. It means they get faster time to value. And it means that these processes are stickier, which is why our industry clouds have lower attrition rates than our line of business clouds. It's been a huge area of growth for us and actually a lot of credit to our Chief Product Officer, David Schmaier, who actually -- his company, which we acquired a couple of years ago. Velocity was actually independent software vendor that built industry solutions on top of our platform and has been a strong advocate for this strategy internally. It's a huge part of our go-forward strategy. If you have an option to buy one of our industry clouds, why wouldn't you? More works out of the box, you'll get faster time to value. So it's a huge area of investment for us. I think the thing that we do really uniquely though, Marc alluded to it, is it's really all-in-one integrated platform. If you buy our Financial Services Cloud, you get all the capabilities of our Salesforce Cloud, of our Service Cloud or our customer data platform, all in one integrated technology platform. It's very unique in the industry. And I think in this more measured buying environment, it will become even more important, though, actually, it was important prior to this as well. And I think it reflects our alignment with our industry's go-to-market motion and vertical go-to-market motion and really focus on delivering faster time to value to our customers. 
Bret Taylor: Yes, I'll take that one. This is Bret. We are really happy with the performance of Slack. I think it's interesting, we acquired Slack in the midst of this pandemic. And now we're coming out of the pandemic into this new era of flexible work. Office occupancy rates are at historic lows. If you look at the lines of business that we serve like customer service, I've met tens or maybe even hundreds of executive teams whose contact centers are no longer buildings. They're literally just in the cloud now and people are wearing headsets in their kitchens and basements to answer your phone calls. And if you think about what it means to build an employee experience, to build a customer experience in this new area of flexible work, Slack is really at the center of those conversations. And that's why it was such a strategic acquisition for us because 1 plus 1 is truly equal to much more than 2. When I talked about the innovation we're to deliver at Dreamforce, it's across every single one of our cloud. We've been saying, how do we help our customers whose headquarters is now digital transition their CRM, transition their employee experience to this new era of flexible work? So we've seen great wall-to-wall engagements like Mercado Libre, one of the customers I mentioned in my script. But it's also really important that we've invested in integrating Slack with Customer 360 so that when we have a conversation, say, with a retailer preparing for Cyber Week, we're coming not just with our Marketing Cloud or in our Commerce Cloud and our Service Cloud but with a Slack Connect channel that they can use as a command center for Cyber Week. That's key to our go-to-market motion. But -- and I don't think it's at the expense of what you called stand-alone. When we land a deal, say, for a department -- marketing department, Slack has such wonderful organic viral adoption that a year or 2 later, we're selling to the whole company. And I really think that's key to our go-to-market motion. And Slack is a relevant driver for every single one of the cloud and our Customer 360. 
Bret Taylor: We have 12 integrations with -- and the reason there's so many is because it includes our industry clouds, not just sales, service, marketing and commerce. But Marc, you're going into something remarkable huddles, which is the name of the new audio and video introduced, now accounts for 34% of all communication inside of Salesforce. It's completely transformed the way we work, and I'm pretty confident we'll transform all of our customers... 
Bret Taylor: And with the capabilities we launched to allow you to talk to your data, this is happening inside of Slack. It's just an incredible capability and, as I said, a relevant driver for all of our customer engagements and a wonderful way to, I think, drive and accelerate flag adoption that they would have had independently. 
Brian Millham: Yes. First of all, I'm humbled by the opportunity and, Marc, to your comments. I've been very close to this business for the past 2.5 years, working side-by-side with Gavin. I actually was operating in a COO role for him running this business. And I think it's critical as we look at sort of the second half of this year and beyond, this motion of customer success and sales together will drive the outcomes that we're looking for and our customers are looking for. And so I'm thrilled with the results we've seen on the attrition side, thrilled with the results that the customers are getting from the investment they're making in our technology and just so excited to lead the sales. 
Brian Millham: I think it was measured in hours, actually, Marc. I've been running forecast calls already. I'm in the business travel industry customers. I met with 4 customers yesterday, there will be no transition time. There are no big changes that we're going to be making in our go-to-market other than getting closer to our customers and ensuring that we're delivering value to them in every single transaction that we're working on with them. So very excited to take this on with 0 transition time. 
Brian Millham: Great question, Raimo. And I agree with you that front office is the priority you heard both Marc and Bret, and I'm feeling to when we're out talking to CEOs, digital transformation remains our #1 priority, and we need to make sure that we're delivering for them. We're also seeing it in the demand environment. We are still seeing very good generation of pipeline in our business right now. And while we are facing some longer sales cycles and additional layers of deal approvals and potentially some deal compression, the demand environment is solid. And so you're spot on that we are seeing the front office as a priority for every CEO out there. 
Brian Millham: Yes. Well said. On the Sales and Service Cloud are sort of the centerpiece of our digital transformation for our customers. And you saw the growth in the quarter, and we expect that to continue. We are seeing some compression in some of the larger transactions in our enterprise business, and it's not a surprise. I've lived through 3 of these cycles before, and you can see that maybe people take a more measured approach to their digital transformation, maybe starting with a smaller piece, but a land-and-expand strategy is something we've used for many, many years, we can grow as the strategy we've used. And so despite the fact that maybe some of these engagements are a bit smaller, we do see acceleration in these customers in quarters to come. So yes, there was compression out there in some of the business, but we are very confident that we can go execute against the opportunity in front of us in these large enterprise accounts going forward with digital transformation being a top priority. 
