Jim Hughes: Well I think it's not a mystery to everybody that the potential exploration or actually step down of the investment tax credit in the United States market at the end of 2016 continues to pull demand forward and so we want to maximize our ability to capture some of that demand. In addition a number of our international markets are performing very well and we continue to see demand to begin to emerge and manifest itself in those markets and again we want to be in a position to capture that demand to what the extent the early signs we are seeing today continue to develop. So it is basically just reflective of a bottoms up view of what we are seeing in the market over really the next 18 months.
Jim Hughes: Sure so in terms of overall capacity there is quite a bit of capacity that is being added to the marketplace right now. And I think our general view is you continue to see a bit of imbalance between supply and demand from an overall capacity standpoint. Having said that I think the market clearly tiers into the higher quality, higher level producers and the lower level producers and different parts of the market have different levels of imbalance. I will say that I think we do have a note of caution about the overall market position as we exit 2016 and move into 2017. The demand that we're pulling forward into 2016 broadly, well we think will result in the slowdown in '17. Now from our standpoint when we do a bottoms up analysis of our opportunities we have more than enough international opportunities that are filling in to replace that but you can't ignore the fact that on a global basis there are a number of markets that look like they could see a decline over the same time period that capacity is getting added so we are cautiously watching to make sure we are not headed into another period of excess capacity. So we’re cognizant that an argument could be made that there is some risk of that. With respect to the YieldCo decision I make essentially we do not feel like that we are missing either gross margin opportunities or market share capture opportunities because we don’t have a YieldCo today. As we have consistently said we’re self-developing projects and those projects continue to be lucrative assets for us. We are keeping those projects on our balance sheet through the commercial operations date and in certain circumstances we are retaining an interest in those projects where we think it makes sense. We may revisit it at some point but when we look at where all of the capital market sit today, where everybody sits today the results we have seen in the marketplace we don’t feel like we are constraining our business by continuing to maintain an optionality type of position, a patient position with respect to that. And I think it's as simple as that.
Jim Hughes: Sure. I think you have to consider the margin dynamics in the context of overall demand. So we’re in a fairly robust demand environment where in contrast to a few years ago we have a bit of an ability to high-grade opportunities and that’s what I mean when I say that we’re not going to chase it to the bottom. So it's really in the context of the overall demand environment we have a little bit of a luxury. If those projects ultimately get sold or executed at aggressive pricing and if the overall demand picture is such that we’re going to have to meet that obviously it would create pressure. I think our view at this point is we’re skeptical that it reflects reality. And skeptical that that’s the baseline against which we all have to operate but we will see – time will tell on that and you got to remember the cost curve continues to come down, so what's challenging today may be easy tomorrow.
Jim Hughes: Sure, so I will start with the last one first. So we’ve always been very cautious about the expectations for the China market, while it's very large, execution is certainly challenging and margins also appear to be pretty thin. One of the biggest issues we have with respect to the China market from a development model standpoint is there is lots of curtailments of assets in that market and I think how that develops and what risks that represents gives a significant pause for concern. We have recently hired a new Country Manager. We do have efforts underway, but I would say that our highest grade efforts are elsewhere around the world as opposed to China and in the current opportunity set that we are disclosing, there is no significant China volumes in that opportunity set. So to the extent as we continue to look at the market we identify our strategy that we feel comfortable with, it would be accretive to everything that we have been presenting to-date. And then on the other questions about company specific issues on the YieldCo, I will let Mark address it.
Jim Hughes: Well I think we answered that at least in the U.S., as we indicated there is some pretty aggressive pricing in certain geographies which would be Texas probably on top of that list and other markets probably be more reasonable around expectations and what's happening in those markets. As you go across internationally it does very market by market but it should be no surprise that pricing in general across most of the jurisdictions are coming down over time, which you would expect as the technology improves the capability to achieve lower LCOEs. It also drives that elasticity of demand associated with it, so we’re in an environment where prices are trending down not only here in the U.S. but internationally as well. And I think you should expect that to continue to happen and that’s why it's important for us to drive our technology road map, drive cost reduction road map and to create solutions that we can efficiently get to market and do those at the lowest cost points possible.
Jim Hughes: On the price per watt it varies because the price per watt to install you know a project across the U.S. varies and so there is all of that – your impact is going to vary. So I would point you back to basically about 50 basis points of return and you can do the math around that and that will sort of comes back to be pretty meaningful. As it relates to tax equity, yes I think as you get into '15 and into '16, I think there could be some constraints, but that’s also why it's important to find relationships like whether it's with Southern or others that we have dealt with that we can structure transactions with them that effectively allows them to play the role of tax equity and do it in a much more efficient manner than trying to be engaging with the current tax equity players that are in the market that are generally constrained and in terms of the availability and their return expectations are much higher than what we think they should be. And so we have tried to look at other alternatives to leverage and optimize that tax attributes in a most efficient manner and have that flexibility as we move into 2015 and 2016 where tax capacity could become more constrained and as a result of that more expensive .
Jim Hughes: As it relates to the first one, that’s just the opportunity of the set that we’re evaluating and as it relates to whether again we decide to sell the asset, hold the asset, sell a portion of the asset, those decisions are all made after we have been able to capture the opportunity and then we evaluate the opportunity of making decision, what's the best way to capture the highest return on invested capital, all right. So don't think about that as being discrete to one potential direction or what our intention is around ultimately how to monetize that asset because it will be aggregated up and we will make a decision at the right time again to figure out how do we get the best return on invested capital. I don't think you should think about the – the phases of the early to mid or late stage, I mean there are going to move around. Has there been activity that is being pulled forward especially in the U.S.? That’s true but we’re seeing more robust activity happening outside of that U.S., that’s filling in some of those latter buckets as Jim indicated. We clearly see the opportunity that buffer maybe potentially slower demand in '17 with our international platform and success from that regard.
Jim Hughes: As I indicated again we will look at many different metrics and return on invested capital and our equity and internal rate of return, the MPV, I mean we’re going to look at it from a lot of different ways and evaluate the optionality that we’ve and make a decision which we think is the right decision to make and again there may be some decisions that we will also look at well given the potential liquidity that can be generated from a particular transaction. We may say we want to sell more of it because we want to benefit ourselves from the liquidity because we have alternative uses of that cash at that point in time that we want to deploy. So it will be a holistic comprehensive analysis and one that’s well informed and insightful again and ultimately to create the best value for our shareholders and optionality for First Solar.
Mark Widmar: And the other thing I will just add just on the capacity side of it, since we got two questions on this as well. I think the other think we need to connect the dots on as we continue to highlight the progress that we have made around our technology and efficiency roadmap and the cost profile and as we said before as the competitiveness of our technology is increased over time, we would anticipate that we would capture a higher percentage share of the market and I think what's happening is in-line with our previous statements in that regard. We have made the enhancements around the technology; it's becoming more and more competitive than the market. It's creating an element of differentiation and the value proposition that resonates very well with a number of our key customers and it's capturing itself in incremental market share. With that though as, Jim indicated, we will continue to be very disciplined with an awareness of understanding of the oversupply that could be in the market. We will make sure that demand is as complete visibility before the capacity will be added.
Mark Widmar: Yes, just on the cost of capital discussion as well, I think maybe it's important as we indicated in the script here as well as in prior announcements we did make a decision to sell Solar Gen 2 to Southern. We took that asset out to market about 4-5 months ago and we included all of the YieldCos in the process of evaluating of what the value of that asset was and the best value came back from a non-YieldCo. So at Jim's point, we're not seeing in the market at this point in time the YieldCos coming up with an advantage cost of capital relative to some of our other partners that we’ve sold to. However, we’re seeing a different behavior in some cases with developers speculating as Jim indicated, with potentially what the cost to capital that they could realize associated with their development assets. On Georgia, we haven't made any public announcements on Georgia. We are in the process of some activities at this point in time that we may be able to make some comments here before the end of the quarter, but we haven't made any public statements at this point in time.
Mark Widmar: I guess on the last one on the capacity side, yes the capacity it will help a little bit of the absorption of cost across the balance of the activities that we are idled, right. But we have been generally as we have talked to that, we have pulled that out as we refer to it as underutilization cost. However it will, on a holistic basis, we will benefit now from full absorption against that underutilization cost. So there will be a positive impact from that perspective. On the YieldCo and the decision we made around this, we will and two things we said in the stated strategy is that we will hold assets longer and we reiterated that a number of times in the script today. That is our intent. We will look to potentially sell a portion, all or maybe none of the asset we may choose to hold. And we will look to what makes the most sense and how do we capture the greatest value for the those assets. We have assets that are highly sought after and that are highly valued and we will look at every possible option to get the best returns for our shareholders.
Mark Widmar: Yes on the first one in terms of capacity of the self-development assets that we have the balance sheet and what type of cash available for distribution would it be able to generate, let's just say that we probably have some of the premier assets in that regard and we would not have if we chose to do that and we believe it was the right decision to make our ability to hit minimum requirements as it relates to cash flow available for distribution or expectations around growth associated with that type of with the YieldCo type of structure, we would not have any challenge in terms of doing that. We have some very high-quality assets that we are currently developing. As it relates to PPA environment it does range, it depends on where you are in terms of what markets across the U.S. and in some cases everyone knows of the $0.05 type of price points that are happening across Texas and that is true. That is happening. We're seeing a higher pricing outside of that so far to the Southeast and now we see in some parts of the Southwest, but I would say you are probably still in the range of around $0.05 to $0.07 or so and on the lower end of that range I would think as Jim, indicated it's questionable whether some of those projects truly will be able to be executed. Time will tell, I think as time moves forward and as we continue to achieve the cost reductions in the efficiency improvements around our module, our overall ability to clear those types of market prices and do that with exceptional return on capital, changes in it is enhanced. In today's market those types of cost points can be very challenging.
Mark Widmar: Yes, so I don't see it as any company specific issues that there are constraints as we’re thinking about the opportunity. And your comment about whether – are there any inefficiencies or inabilities around the tax basis and potentially you’re alluding to whether we would be able to trade a step up and be able to have the appropriate tax shields and anything else along those lines. Those aren't issues. The common as well around to create some type of conflict with some of our traditional customers, I don’t see that really as being an issue either, if anything, every one of our traditional customers are trying to find ways to deepen their relationships and want to partner with us and they value the First Solar value proposition and the solutions that we can create for them and in some cases as we talk about partial retention of assets, it could be we would partner with traditional customer and then that retained interest that we would hold could be monetized either internally held as an internal asset that we monetize the cash flows over time. It could be held in some type of private YieldCo. it could be held in some kind of public YieldCo, so we have optimum flexibility in that regard with whatever we choose to do with those retained interest. But I would say the main thing is, (indiscernible) key customers that we have traditionally have done business with would prefer to find ways to deepen the relationship with us.
Mark Widmar: I mean what's happening right now is in the market is, people are becoming more and more comfortable with the risk profile and are becoming more comfortable with how to value solar assets and so we had a couple of assets that we had thought initially, potentially to engage and try to sell into the market and advance the COD and partly because we wanted to test that market and see how the assets were being valued and we did see improvement in that regard. However, as we have seen now the results of the marketing that we have done particular around Solar Gen, we clearly believe the right thing to do is to hold these assets longer than we have done historically and what we were anticipating to do on a couple of smaller assets and so we will realize more significant economics by holding these assets and selling them next year.
Mark Widmar: Well the rough order of magnitude of selling an asset let's say final notice to proceed versus selling the asset when it's fully built up an operational, we are generally seeing somewhere in the range of 50 basis points from an unlevered IRR basis which is meaningful as it relates to these assets . So we’re – the trade-off of the query [ph] associated with the asset versus the benefit of the value that you capture at COD is meaningful and very accretive and something we will continue to do.
Mark Widmar: Yes and I think what I was trying to say before is that, again the reason for the ramp is the technology and the offering has become more and more competitive. And it's really indicative of the demand profile that we currently see in front of us for 2015. Now we did run at less than full utilization and we've been doing that now for the last couple of years. Again that’s when our technology was disadvantaged and unable to potentially compete at the same level that we wanted it to. As we made the enhancements to the technology and been able to make it more competitive, we have been able to increase our win rate in the market. It's also reflective of our international expansion and successes that we made in those jurisdictions. As we invested across many markets, we’re seeing the paybacks now start to be realized and as we indicated over 40% of our bookings this quarter for example, we’re out of international markets. I remember not too many quarters back people were always asking us when are we going to start to see bookings come from the international markets? Well this quarter we started to see it and we continue to see that in front of us, so it's a combination of the technology overall being more competitive. The successes that we are now starting to see in the international market as we made investments in them over the last few quarters is really what's paying off from that perspective. I think the other one that you said was around bookings between systems and modules, we don't provide that level of detail.
