James A. Hughes: Thanks, David, and welcome to our second quarter 2012 earnings call. I'd like to start by introducing Georges Antoun as our new Chief Operating Officer. Georges joined First Solar on the 1st of July and is responsible for manufacturing, R&D, quality and product management. Georges has almost 25 years of experience and has held senior management positions at global companies such as Ericsson, Cisco Systems and Verizon. He brings us a depth of operational leadership experience that will help First Solar execute its strategy. Let me invite Georges to say a few words.
James A. Hughes: I think you've actually hit it right on the nose. I think what you should expect to hear is as we build teams and presence in these countries, you will hear about project wins, as we've heard on the call today. We are in discussions on a whole series of joint venture relationships, and I think over the remainder of the year, we will get to a point of public announcement on some of those. You will hear the -- you will hear us describe the refinement of the strategy and the business model in some of these markets as we begin to make decisions and come to conclusions on how we're going to tackle them. So I think you -- what you should track is a steady stream of nothing spectacular in isolation, but a steady stream of announcements that reflect us continuing to get our feet under us and gain traction and put points on the board in these markets as we move forward.
James A. Hughes: I spent the better part of the last 8 weeks personally visiting most of the major markets that we're targeting and spending time with our local teams, with potential customers, with stakeholders such as regulators, utilities, policymakers. While I don't think we're in a position that we would want to outline specific margin expectations, particularly on sort of a segmental basis, I think what we are -- what I am gaining increased comfort with is that the ROIC -- that the total scope of the business and the ROIC expectations that we've set forth are achievable. The returns will vary by market. Obviously, they'll be risk adjusted. So there will be some markets where we will see returns lower than those targeted and other markets where they're higher. And the -- where the returns are earned is going to vary on a -- it's also clear that it's going to vary on a market-by-market basis. So, unfortunately, for those of you that try to model and track the company, it's not going to be simple. We will all learn how to think about it and forecast it with a greater degree of accuracy as we move forward. But my confidence level is higher than it was at the time of the last conference call without question. And the nature of the business model is beginning to take shape and unfold in certain of the markets. And so I think we'll gain a better understanding as we move forward, but we're not there yet that we could put out something with any sort of precision that would be worth relying upon.
James A. Hughes: Well, I mean, clearly, there has. I mean, if you look at the best plant in terms of where we are now sequentially, I mean, it's come down about $0.03 from Q1 to Q2. So there's a $0.05 improvement in our best plant. And that's one reason why we're trying to take some of the noise out for you, because look, we've shut down FFO for the essentially all -- the entire second quarter and a portion at KLM, which drove pretty significant underutilization impact. We're trying to pull that out so you can understand that impact. And that's why we kind of ultimately scaled it down to "what does the quarter look like?" And when you look at the best plant from Q1 to Q2, it got better by about 5%. And we will be running at higher utilization in the second half of the year, as indicated, close to 90%. That'll help drive some of the, I think, utilization headwind away, so we won't have to deal with that in the second half of the year. That's also reflected in our cost-per-watt guidance, targeting around $0.70 to $0.72, which implies that if we're around $0.72 or so for the first half, we're going to have to be pretty competitive in the second half to get into that target range. So yes, we continue to make progress not only on improvement of the efficiency, but we also started to see some benefits around our building material. So our variable costs are starting to come down as well, which is another positive sign for us.
James A. Hughes: Sure, I'll go ahead and take the question. First, with respect to cash on the balance sheet and the plans we have forward, right now, I think our plan is to continue to build a fairly robust and bulletproof balance sheet on a going forward basis. Given the stress in the industry and the concern on the part of observers and customers and lenders and others, we think continuing to maintain a position where we have the best balance sheet in the business bar none is the right move. Longer term, as greater volumes of cash build up, we will look at redeployment of that cash into specific opportunities that may be available to us in some of these new markets or even in potentially our existing markets. Nothing specific that we have identified or made any sort of an investment decision on to date, and I don't think there'll be any big announcements of deployments of capital in the near term. Longer term, there are some things on the horizon we could see that potentially could be interesting. But right now, I think Mark feels and I feel and the board feels that continuing to maintain ourselves as a very, very strong and robust company from a balance sheet standpoint is our priority. With respect to project wins, if you look at it on a global basis, we win sometimes on cost, and we win sometimes on balance sheet and we win sometimes on execution capability, i.e., timing and deliverability capability. There's not one -- the business is competitive enough now that there's not one universal factor that dictates wins and losses. But you do point out an important element of the industry that we continue to focus on that we hear from customers about, which is the decisions are clearly not made on price alone. The robustness of the vendor, of the counterparty, the confidence that you're going to be there for the entire useful life of the facility that you're delivering, that whatever warranty you are providing you're going to be able to stand behind, that you can facilitate financing because of that robustness of the financials that stand behind the product all become very important factors. The other thing that we've tried to focus people on is that as total system costs come down industry-wide, cost of capital becomes an increasing component of the total cost of electricity. And so if you're the guy with the best balance sheet, the most robust financial standing, then you get to capture the benefit of that cost of capital advantage versus competitors. That's one of the reasons we think maintaining a strong balance sheet is very important to the future of the company.
James A. Hughes: Well, we're definitely seeing new investors into the solar sector. I'm not sure I'm comfortable commenting on the returns we're seeing, but I will say that -- I can say that there has been no deterioration in the expected returns versus what we've seen historically.
James A. Hughes: Okay. Well, the end-of-life is an ongoing program, right? So we have an ongoing obligation. We currently have our offer in the market, that we will recycle the modules that we sell. The activity in terms of the EOL and how it gets recognized is directly associated with revenue. So as the revenue recognition is up $400 million or so quarter-on-quarter, you're going to see an increase in the end-of-life costs associated with it.
James A. Hughes: I'll let Mark come back to the percentage of completion portion. But with respect to production, the choice to meet the increased demand that we saw was to take an existing plant that's running but planned for shutdown and extend that production run versus restarting a line that was currently shut. And so the most efficient and most cost-effective way to meet that demand need was to run Germany for an extended period of time. So it really was a decision just reflective of looking at all of the levers we could pull to match -- to cause our production to match the anticipated demand, it was the most efficient and effective way that we could do it. And then the -- could -- please repeat your question on the percentage of completion to make sure I got it correctly.
James A. Hughes: Right. Yes, so the mix of revenue within the quarter clearly has gone up on a percentage of completion, and it clearly ties into AVSR, as an example. I mean, that revenue has been recognized on a percentage-of-completion basis once we've achieved the initial criteria for revenue recognition. So it has gone up. But we still have -- if you look at Silver State North within the quarter, that was essentially substantial completion when we recognize revenue. The projects which we have still in the second half of the year that I referenced, some of them, like Amherstburg, Belmont and Walpole, those would be substantial completions. So we have a mix. The larger projects, clearly, we would want to, and we prefer to, negotiate and structure those deals such that we can recognize them on the percentage completion or milestone type of billing process. We think that's prudent and the right way we should structure those transactions to ensure the timely revenue recognition. The challenge you have if we don't, for example, is in Topaz, we'll have -- we'll recognize that revenue in the fourth quarter once we meet the initial revenue criteria, but you'll have multiple quarters of activity and it creates lumpiness. So the preference would be to try to smooth that out as much as possible and recognize that as the cash is received in the underlying economics of the project.
James A. Hughes: It falls into several categories. For instance, there are module sales in India. We are in the process of building and developing our full EPC capability in the Indian market. And so we're conducting module sales on sort of a transitional basis until we get to the point that we can have a more fulsome system-type offer in that market. Some of it is opportunistic against specific opportunities that arise. I think the safe thing to say is what we're not going to do, is we're not going to chase highly competitive, very, very low-margin, module-only sales opportunities. We will pursue module opportunities that either are strategic because they are enabling our gaining a presence and establishing ourselves in one of the new strategic markets, or they're opportunistic in that for some variety of factors, we have an ability to sell a module and that -- at an attractive margin. So it's a combination of factors that accounts for those sales.
James A. Hughes: I just -- well, I was there last week. I met with many of the senior government officials, met with many representatives of the mining industry, lots of the local players in terms of developers. It's an extremely exciting and intriguing market. As you probably know, it has the highest solar resource in the world. The Atacama Desert will generate capacity factors for PV of around 40%. In some parts of the grid, the prevailing price today is over $200 a megawatt-hour. It is a market that is undersupplied as to energy. There's tremendous levels of diesel fuel or liquid fuel generation on the grid today. The options they have available to them going forward, it's likely that LNG will be a big part of it. Even if you assume very low-cost U.S. LNG, you're still talking about anywhere from $10 to $15 gas delivered and regasified. So it's a market that we believe PV is competitive, absolutely, without subsidies. There is a tremendous backlog of mining projects in the country that require energy to be executed. So we're -- we've got feet -- boots on the ground working hard. We have active bids and negotiations under way, and we're also actively working as a developer and in partnership with other developers. So exact timing? I don't know. But it's one of the premier markets. It's not as big as, say, in India in terms of its total size, but it's a very significant market. The economics are compelling. This is not a climate change story in Chile. This is a story of they absolutely need energy. The cheapest way they can get a big chunk of that energy is going to be through PV, and we're there and fully expect that we will meet with a very high degree of success.
James A. Hughes: Well, let's talk -- that 1 gigawatt number, part of it we have described as secured, meaning we have a fairly high degree of confidence in it and then part is an opportunity, a good portion of which, we believe, will get across the finish line, but there's obviously no guarantee. I mean, we're not in a position or prepared to really discuss the geographies of that gigawatt. In terms of what does the company need, what the company needs is to execute according to the plan that we've laid out for the market. And so that means we need to continue to build the organization in these markets, we need to continue to drive aggressively our cost road map, and we all need to work really hard. And there's a great deal of enthusiasm within the organization for the revised strategy. After the initial shock of kind of the market fundamentals that developed and challenged the industry, I think the organization is beginning to get its feet back under it and have a degree of confidence that we are well positioned to be a winner on a going forward basis. So I think that it's up to me and the rest of the management team to execute. There's no critical factor out there that we can identify, no one bellwether that's going to determine the ultimate success or failure of the company. We have efforts under way in all of these markets. We don't need to bat a thousand to be successful. So it's just -- we just got to go do a really good job of executing, capturing the opportunity that we've identified, and I think that, that will allow us to achieve the targets that we've set out in the plan.
James A. Hughes: There is certainly some nationalistic sentiment, and you see -- you've seen some policies implemented in the thermal sector. There is a local content requirement in the National Solar Mission, but that does not apply to thin film. It only applies to the crystalline silicon. Of course, it's a risk. It's not a risk that we spend a lot of time worrying about because if it were to manifest itself, it would likely manifest itself in the public sector programs like the National Solar Mission. We actually believe the private self-generation market is the source of a great deal of the opportunity and you're not going to face those type of local content issues. And then ultimately, if the kind of visible demand that we expect develops in that market, that is likely a market where we would look to put manufacturing in place. And so obviously, at that point, any such policies would actually be an advantage, not a disadvantage. Now, we don't support them. Even if we were the manufacturer, we believe that an open marketplace is in everybody's best interest. But I spent -- week before last, I spent 6 days in India. A lot of discussion, a lot analysis of that issue. It's -- frankly, it's just not something I lose a lot of sleep over. If there were to be some sort of problem that developed against a very real opportunity, we see a path to working through it. So it's just not -- so it's -- of all the issues and challenges that are out there, it's not the one I worry about.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, so the guidance -- I mean, if you'll remember, we had before -- from a revenue standpoint, we said the upper end of the range was in the -- about 1.7 gigawatts, and now we've taken that up between 100 megawatts and 200 megawatts. A good portion of that is third-party modules, which, as you know, the ASPs on those is clearly lower than what we'll see on the -- versus a system sale. So it's reflective of what we're currently seeing in terms of the activity in pricing in the market. From a cash standpoint, we haven't changed the cash -- operating cash flow profile at this point in time. There are a few projects that sit out in the fourth quarter. The timing of when those projects close will impact the operations for the year. So at this point in time, we'll wait to see if the financing is put in place. If those projects close, we may have some upside on the operating cash flow.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes. So, I mean, if you think about what -- so year-to-date, we're sitting at a little less than $1.60, right? We just guided to numbers that have an upper end of $4.50, which implies $3 on the upper end of the range in the second half of the year. So I don't see there's a significant disconnect between what we just posted this quarter versus what the implied second half guidance would be. Clearly, though, one of the things that I highlighted is look, when you have a triggering event like an AVSR, which we will have another one later in the year for Topaz, it is not just the discrete quarter that we'll recognized the revenue for. AVSR, if you remember, has a condition of getting the funding out of the DOE program. We had to start some amount of construction early in -- or late in Q3 of last year. So you have multiple quarters. And again, the project ramped between that initial point until where we are right now, so it did ramp. But you have received that benefit. So what you should see is look, the second half earnings will be consistent with -- if you run rate what we just posted, I don't see them being inconsistent. But Q3 will be down and Q4 will be up again because that's when we'll recognize revenue on Topaz.
Mark R. Widmar: I don't have that number in front of me at this point in time, Mark. I can get back to you on that one. We have in that -- given a majority of the business has been systems lately, we haven't breaking out the EPC separately in the segment structure. Now we're going to be reporting it going forward, it isn't going to necessarily be as transparent that way as it was before. So let me get back to you on that one.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, let me get back to you on that. I got an idea in my head, but I don't want to misspeak at this point and time. So let me get back to you on one, too.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, I'd tell you it's tough because it varies all over the place, too. And clearly, we're -- capital intensity that we have right now is inflated a little bit with some reasons we've made decisions, for example, to secure the 1603 cash grant. As a result of that, we've allocated or we've secured inventory associated with particular projects. So it's hard to look at the existing project profile to try to then extrapolate that going forward. What I can say, though, is that our plan, especially whether it's here in the U.S. or in new, emerging markets, is to try to structure the contract such that the majority of the working capital is funded through milestone payments on the front end to minimize the impact. So it's hard to give you a rule of thumb, but I can tell you how we're going to try to manage and engage and structure the agreements with our customers to try to make sure that's funded as far as the milestone payments that we negotiate.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, so from a depreciation standpoint, as we stated, it was in the mid-60s around depreciation expense for the quarter. From an OpEx standpoint, we highlighted in the call that we expect the run rate to be about $105 million for the next couple of quarters. We still, as we indicated in our last call, is to exit the year with a run rate that'll drive us closer to $100 million a quarter. And that's still in our line of sight what our objective is from that standpoint. So -- and then CapEx, CapEx is coming down. If you look at what we've spent for the first half of the year, 60-plus percent, closer to 70% of the capital is already spent. So what we have for the balance of the year is more sustaining capital. So we'll see that come down. And then, what we communicated in our long-range plan we would expect capital to range from kind of $150 million to $250 million per year depending on the velocity of our efficiency cost -- or efficiency improvements, the road map and also the timing. It could be some of that more on the front end depending on deployments we make around improving the overall module efficiency. But I think that's how you ought to think about the CapEx intensity going forward.
Mark R. Widmar: So that -- I mean, there was some impairment that was taken for those assets. But at the same time, you essentially have to recognize the use of those assets and associated depreciation with the asset until they'll actually be decommissioned. So there is still ongoing depreciation expense on those assets, but the time line post that horizon would have been written off as part of the impairment.
