James Alton Hughes: Thanks, Ben. First, I don't think we're in a position to be able to provide you any guidance on the bookings outlook for 2015 at this time. But generally, the strength in 2014 was relatively broad-based and it's a consistent pattern that we're seeing across broad swaths of our business where as costs continue to come down, we're seeing greater and greater adoption rates and what's particularly encouraging is a lot of this adoption is driven not by any policy impetus, but more by a recognition that utility-scale solar represents a compelling value opportunity. So we've seen the growth in the market outside of California in the United States particularly the southeast United States continue to see strong activity in that region in Texas, in the western United States, in North America. As identified, we continue to see a lot of strong activity in India. We've had our initial success in Turkey and expect to see momentum there. We've had continued drum beat of activity in Europe. It's not gigantic but it continues to roll along. And so we've just seen sort of a broad-based, a lot of the seeds that we planted over the last two and a half years starting to take root and generate opportunities for us. So it's really been broad-based. Obviously, as the efficiency continues to improve, particularly the most recent efficiency improvements and bear in mind that we've been competing in the market with the knowledge of where our efficiency was going to get to. So what we're seeing come off the production line now is what we've been competing with for the last 12 months. And obviously, as we are now roughly at parity from a temperature adjusted energy density standpoint, it just dramatically increases our ability to compete and dramatically increases the entitlement we have to compete and to margin at the end of the day. So the two go – we believe the two go hand-in-hand. There's broad overall pretty good health across the solar sector. And then we, as an individual company, are doing well because we continue to have such success in advancing our technology.
James Alton Hughes: Right. So first, with respect to anything associated with YieldCo, SEC rules don't allow us to really make any comment. In terms of the various product lines, module, Module Plus, EPC and system, we don't have a preference as much as we look for what is our most potent weapon in each marketplace in which we operate. What is it that the customer wants in each marketplace? We have different customers with different needs. Some customers have self-execution capability and they want to buy a module and we're happy to supply them. Other customers want to own the facility but they really want someone to handle the full turnkey EPC execution. And then there's a spectrum in between those two that is the Module Plus in AC Power Block offerings where the customer doesn't want to own and they want to be provided with power, obviously, that flows out of our development business. And we will choose to monetize those development assets in the manner that provides the greatest long-term value for our shareholders the same philosophy we've had for the last two and a half years. There's nothing that's going to change with respect to that analysis.
James Alton Hughes: Sure. With respect to the Apple PPA on California Flats, there's a great deal of similarities with these large commercial transactions as compared to a traditional utility transaction. And there are some significant differences. So companies like this are very savvy and sophisticated procurers of their energy. They are as in-depth and as thorough as any utility would be. I will say that perhaps the largest difference is that they are satisfying whatever they have determined their priorities and needs to be as a company, whereas a utility is working to a regulatory standard or a prudent utility standard. There can be some nuanced differences between the two approaches as a result of that. But by and large, it's the same teams executing the two segments. It's the same product. It's just the commercial relationship and the priorities that the customers may have a bit of a nuisance to it. But we think you'll see more of it as we move forward in time. We think you'll see it expands to other geographies and obviously we're very excited about the deal.
James Alton Hughes: On India, the 5 gigawatt number is a development number, so that's a project number, not Module Plus or EPC. And with respect to balance of system, I won't give you a specific number but that generally to date has been a fixed tilt market. And it has been a market with a localized supply chain. So as you would expect in those circumstances, you do get lower cost balance of systems as a result of those factors.
James Alton Hughes: Well, we have made a specific commitment to the TetraSun that will take us to 100 megawatts, slightly more than 100 megawatts of levelized production when we get it fully ramped up. I think for the time-being, our focus is on let's turn it into a real product. We've got to get through the normal ramp, we've got to get the modules certified in the marketplace, we've got to get a chance with real customers to see what that product looks like. As I've often said, there are nuances to each of the products in the marketplace in terms of operating conditions that they may perform better in, their specific electrical characteristics, their form factor and size characteristics and we think we've always said that there is a place for the higher efficiency product in the marketplace and in our product mix. What we have said we wouldn't understand until we got further down the road is where does the line – do we draw the line between the dominance of the CadTel product versus the dominance of a high efficiency low cost TetraSun module? And we will continue to evaluate where that line is as we move forward with both products over time. Obviously, the better we do with CadTel, the more it's going to encroach upon market opportunities that might otherwise be a TetraSun market. But we have high hopes for the TetraSun technology also and we believe that we can drive improvements in that technology over time also. So they both have a place in our staple of technologies. And as we move forward in time, we'll continuously evaluate the results we're getting with each.
James Alton Hughes: I'll take your second question first and then let Mark go back to the first one. On cost per watt, we ceased to provide cost per watt information couple of Analyst Day ago because we basically viewed it as commercially sensitive proprietary information. If you go back to older presentations, you can track the relationship between efficiency and cost per watt that used to be contained in those presentations. Now, we are making progress in areas other than just efficiency, but you can at least get some sort of ballpark of the impact by going back and looking at those old presentations and that's all the guidance I can provide you.
James Alton Hughes: So that, the India statement was made in connection with the big government of India program to build 100 gigawatts by 2020. So our commitment would occur over that timeframe. I don't think we are far enough along to provide any kind of visibility as to what the project size or the rate at which that gets done. We're looking at a whole variety of projects in India, some modestly-sized and some much larger. The government is also – all of the developers came in and have put on the table our commitments to the market. The government has a number of reforms that they need to undertake to facilitate that business. And we'll have greater visibility as the new government begins to put those reforms in place. So it's a rapidly changing, rapidly developing market. We believe that the opportunity is real and significant. But it's way too early to talk about any kind of specifics.
Mark R. Widmar: As Jim indicated, especially, Paul, on the last question around what is the cash flows that falls out of the projects, we can't provide any color around that. But what I can say is that we have a 20-megawatt project on the balance sheet in Maryland that we've actually had on our balance sheet for a while. We just noted that we retained a 49% interest in Solar Gen, and that's 150-megawatt AC project. And we're building a couple hundred megawatts on balance sheet right now. Those are the statements that we've made. So that's the level of detail that I can provide at this point in time. As it relates to any information relative to the cash flow associated with those projects, we can't provide that at this time.
Mark R. Widmar: Relative to Solar Gen, we won't provide the specific as it relates to the revenue and the gross margin. What I can say is that relative to the guidance, the fact that as we indicated, we actually retained 49% of the interest in Solar Gen, I think you could infer that the revenue miss relative to the guidance largely was attributed to that. Relative to gross margin and as we indicated, operationally we were about $0.60 better than what we had initially guided towards. The best way I would paint that is think of it about half of it was better margin realization on Solar Gen, which is a combination of better value. Again, indicative of cost capitals in the market as well as more – lower cost to construct. So there's cost savings. And then the other half of that $0.60 was largely associated with cost savings that we realized on Desert Sunlight and Topaz.
Mark R. Widmar: So I guess the best way to point you to and obviously we disclosed this in our K as well, so that you can look at the projects that have PPA dates or – excuse me, COD dates with 2015. And those would include Lost Hills and North Star and Kingbird as an example, right? So those are going to be the projects, which will be achieving COD this year and will ultimately recognize revenue on. It will be lumpy the same way that – I can't give you a profile of how that flows through the year. The construction of the activity will be relatively linear not only for those projects but for the projects that we are constructing with CODs in 2016. However, the revenue associated with that and the cash flows associated will be relatively lumpy based on the CODs that are achieved. So I think the best way to think about it we're constructing a couple hundred megawatts on balance sheet. If you look at our aggregate pipeline of north of a gigawatt that will be achieved COD between now and the end of 2016, that's the kind of cadence and kind of rhythm that we're on right now in terms of the monthly profile of 100 megawatts or so of construction of self-developed assets. Around the PPA environment, we're not going to provide any color on that at this point in time.
Mark R. Widmar: So on the cash flow and the economics post the ITC, I mean the simple math says the ITC if it steps down from 30% to 10%, I mean obviously that's going to drive down the overall economics of the project now. Now, you get a partial offset of that because you can recover a little bit more makers back, because the makers is – you take half of the ITC delta and you reduce your maker's basis by that. So instead of taking a 15% delta, now you've taken a 5% delta. So you get a little bit more makers back, but again, that's spread out over five years. But what we would say is that, obviously, it's going to make the economics more challenging, however, when you look at our roadmap and the entitlement of where our installed cost is going, driven by the improvement of our module efficiency, higher energy density, and overall reductions that we're driving across our balance of systems, we'll be better positioned than most to compete in that type of environment. So, yes, economics will become a little bit more challenging, but when you couple that with an aggressive cost reduction roadmap that we're on the journey of delivering again, we feel that we will be able to realize comparable economics post the ITC as we are pre-ITC especially if we get into the 2018 and 2019 timeline. So we think we are pretty well-positioned from that. As it relates to the bookings ASP, you've got to remember one of the things that Jim indicated in the first quarter. I think we booked a little less than 200 megawatts with Strata, which was included in that number. That's mainly module-only, right? So when you do the math, you got to remember that that mix of what came through in that 300 megawatts or so and the year-to-date bookings number was highly impacted as a result of that. Now, the other thing I would say about Strata, I think it's important it relates back to the comment that Jim answered or the question that Jim answered at the very front was around the relative competitiveness of our technology. That's a new customer for us. Now, Strata obviously has installed hundreds of megawatts. What we've been able to do is displace other mainly Chinese module suppliers that they have historically relied upon. That we've been able with the overall increased competitiveness in our technology, developing the strong relationship with the customer, and then strength of our balance sheet and overall bankability, we've been able to penetrate an account that we historically have not had a presence in which I think is a great testament to the accomplishment of our BD team as well as our technology. But that's the thing you've got to keep in perspective as it relates to the first quarter. It is somewhat skewed down because of the high mix of module-only sales.
Mark R. Widmar: I guess, the best way to say that is you can look at our disclosure tomorrow in the Q. And as I indicated, we've got north of a gigawatt of volume that has to achieve COD by the end of 2016. It largely is going to be relatively linear. I mean we're going to have to construct that in a relatively linear basis in order to deliver against that amount of megawatts between now and 2016. We're not going to provide the specifics as it relates to what happens this year versus what's going to happen next year but given the timeline that we're up against, I think it's pretty prudent to understand that it's going be relatively linear.
Mark R. Widmar: No. I mean, we didn't provide the specifics around that and we're not going to provide that at this point in time.
Mark R. Widmar: As it relates to large projects and our ability to do something similar as we did with Solar Gen, yeah, we have a number of large projects. I mean one of them is the one Jim referenced is the 280-megawatt combined between Apple and PG&E that we have in California Flats. We also announced a couple quarters ago Tribal Solar (45:00), which is another 300-megawatt project. We have Stateline, which is a 300-megawatt project. So we have just between those three projects close to a gigawatt of large projects. Those will be highly sought after assets and we will look to do and monetize those assets in the most efficient manner as possible and to optimize the value. So you could see us replicate that structure as we did with Solar Gen on other assets in the future.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes. I'm assuming you're referring to – you walked into an estimate for the first quarter. We didn't provide guidance for gross margin for the first quarter. So however, just to give you an indication of an expectation is the gross margins should be lower in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. I think that's an accurate way to look at it. And it's largely reflective of – we – the margin that we'll realize on module-only and EPC will be lower. And so that'll weigh on the results for the first quarter, because we won't be selling any of our self-developed projects. Again, as we indicated, we'll be constructing them on balance sheet. But just think of it from that perspective and it's more of a timing issue, right? So think of it also as it's going to adversely impact the first quarter. We may have a little bit of an impact on the second quarter. When we get into the second half of the year, and assuming a successful launch of the YieldCo, it becomes less of an issue. So think of this as an impact for the first half of the year that allows us to position a portfolio that we can leverage into a YieldCo platform. And then after that, you'll see kind of the normal business structure and performance that we've had historically.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes. I don't want to get into specifics, but let's just say we structured those contracts in such a way that it allows us optimal flexibility.
