Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. So, if you look at what we highlighted on the earnings presentation deck, just from the end of quarter since June, right, so we're 26 days into it, we booked 400 megawatts of volume. So, of the 900, 400 was booked in the month of July. The 500 before that – a high percentage that also was booked in the month of June. So, there was only about a month between our last earnings call and when policy decision was made which effectively was May 31. So, we have been continuing to see good momentum. Actually I was dealing with our Head of Sales, Chief Commercial Officer today and he's got customers in and given us a list of opportunities which they need modules for. And we're actively engaged in that conversation for hundreds of megawatts for this particular customer. So, I haven't seen at least at this point in time yet a meaningful slowdown. You can also see it in our mid to late stage opportunities that we've highlighted. We still have over 8 gigawatts of opportunities sitting there. So, that hasn't come down. And we're seeing a lot a lot of opportunity on the PPA side. So, we're bidding actively. We're seeing a number of PPA particularly here in the U.S. relatively successful on what we've seen so far. Obviously it's a very competitive environment for PPAs on the development side and you're not going to have a very high hit rate but relatively pleased with that activity. And we are putting some points on the board as we highlighted on the call of 750 megawatts or so, so far on the development side. And we've got a number that we've been shortlisted on and we're in active negotiations with customers to finalize some PPAs that we'll hopefully be able to report on the next earnings call. So, generally it's still doing pretty good. Now that's the U.S. market. As you get outside the U.S. market, I would say there's probably more of a pause of wait and see maybe a little bit. Clearly, after the announcement was made, we saw ASPs drop very quickly, started to see them stabilize a little bit but clearly there are some customers now that probably will wait and sort of see when it plays out over the next couple of quarters and see where PPA prices go. The nice thing about us, we don't necessarily have to engage. If we have an opportunity with the module in an environment that we're very well positioned because of the energy advantage with our temperature and spectral response advantages, we'll engage opportunistically and selectively and we'll make sure we get the right ASPs. But we're in a good position right now relative to the uncertainty of the market.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. I'll take the throughput question first. And again the issue that we're having is really around – it's the back-end and it relates to the availability of the toolset, right. So, when you look at the toolset and if you say what are the most critical components to ensure full entitlement of the nameplate capacity that we need to achieve there's really three components. And when I look at it from the standpoint of order of importance, the first two and most important is really going to be cycle time on the tool and performance on the tool. Those are critical. So, if we aren't hitting cycle time and if we aren't getting the performance out of the tool, there isn't a lot that we can do to try to help enable that, right, other than redesigning tools or other issues that we have to think about to sort of address both of those. Cycle time and performance around the toolset from the front-end all the way through the back-end is at or better than our expectations. So, that's extremely important. The third component that we look to for the toolset is the overall availability. And the overall availability at mature state will specify capability around the tool. We believe the overall availability will still enable us to get to where we need to but we're not at a mature state yet with the toolset. And the way we manage through that is we're putting buffers into the back-end of the manufacturing process. So, think about it as we have a single point of failure on the production line today. If that tool goes down, everything upstream is shutting down and we're starting the downstream processing, right? So, that tool is critical because it's a single point of failure. We have to have the availability and we've identified where those points are and what we're going to do is we'll buffer it with inventory. So, if the particular tool goes down, we are starving the balance of the production and we can continue to run the production as an example, right? Now, when I look at the tool capability – if I look at Perrysburg as an example, we've had a number of times where we are running at effectively 90% to close to 100% of nameplate capacity at that particular time and we measure it in hour increments. So, we'll look at hour increments of production and we'll say, what is the output that we achieved during that particular hour? We can have multiple hours, two, three, even four hours where we're running effectively at nameplate capacity. But then something goes down. And soon as that single point of failure occurs, we will see the production go from almost 100% of capacity down to 20% of capacity, right? And so, that's what we're working through and we've redesigned and we've put some buffers in the back-end of the line that will help address that and will enable us when we do have an event occur as we continue to ramp-up the toolset availability to its full entitlement that we won't have the adverse impact that we're seeing right now as it relates to throughput. And we're working through that right now. We won't have all of the buffers in the inventory in place until probably end of Q3, more or less the beginning of Q4. So we will continue to see a little bit of headwind and that's why we've reflected that in the reduction to the production plan. And then once we do Perrysburg, we'll replicate all of that as we roll out into KLM and Vietnam. So that's the story around throughput. And we will get to where we need to be at the end of the year. It's just a matter of addressing the issues that I highlighted. As it relates to efficiency, we're starting to touch a 425 watt bin which is really important. And we will continue to see, from the average right now of 415, we'll see that step up and then to 420 and then ultimately up to 425 to get closer to the average. I will say one thing though that the impact of the throughput, we have not prioritized – we refer to them as ETAs, so engineering tests that we do. We have prioritized throughput to ETAs and ETAs will also be helpful as we optimize and drive efficiency up. So we haven't got the full foot on the gas pedal yet on all the activities that we need to do to drive the efficiency side of the equation because, again, we're prioritizing the throughput over running some ETAs that will help us on the efficiency side. But, again, steady progression, real happy with 415, progressing towards 420 as we get into the next quarter, love the fact we're starting to touch 425. But I think that's how we ought to think about it as we move through the balance of the year.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. So, I'll just talk through on the prioritization, how we think about Series 4 production in KLM 1, 2. We are looking – we are continuing to reassess and evaluate not for the horizon through 2020. We're looking and spending time on it. How do we best position the most competitive posture that we can have as we enter into 2021? And so, what we're thinking through is, what are all the critical dependencies knowing the uncertainty that 2021 can have? And as we continue to book our volumes up through 2020, we're looking across that horizon out beyond 2020, into 2021, in particular. And, ideally, we're going to want as much Series 6 production as possible. Scale is going to be important. We got to get to efficiency and the cost entitlements where we need to be and Series 6 is going to be a critical enabler of that. So as we think through those various levers, we will continue to evaluate our current commitment around Series 4 and the timeline of which we'll run production in particular to KLM 1, 2 relative to opportunity to drive more Series 6 volume into 2021. So still to be determined. We haven't made any conclusions. We're happy with what we have booked for that business right now but – for that volume. So we'll continue to evaluate that, again, more from how do we best position ourself for success long-term into 2021 and beyond. As it relates to cost competitiveness, what we assumed when we did our analysis, and again, I also want to make sure that when you think about that $0.25 number that you referenced, you got to add $0.02 or so, compare that to our $0.20 or what people think the numbers are, the low 20s, right? So, let's – or you take $0.02 off my number. I don't care how you look at it, right? If it's $0.25 for them, we're at $0.18 or if you're targeting us at $0.20 and their $0.25 becomes $0.27. So, make sure that's in your math and a lot of times people don't always include the logistics costs and the warranty costs. That number is relatively in line, maybe $0.01 or $0.02 lower than what we had assumed when we did our business case around Series 6 and where we thought we could get in the competitive position that would create for us. And the other side of that equation you got to keep in mind is the energy upside. So, we'll capture it and we'll be cost advantaged and we'll have the energy upside and we'll capture the value on that side of the ledger as well. So, yeah, the market is (46:25-46:29) and we're positioning ourself for long-term success and we're very happy with what Series 6 will enable for us.
Mark R. Widmar: Ben, it's really hard to hear. What we said – the comments I made in my prepared remarks were the bookings that we're seeing right now on year-to-date on Series 6 is about 6% higher than what we have booked on Series 4. So think about it adding $0.02 or so, right? If you think about where the ASPs are, the ASPs on Series 6 is about $0.02 or so higher than Series 4. And remember, Series 6 is about 40% lower costs. So when you combine the two and you look at the margin entitlement, the fact we're capturing the upside on ASP which we knew we would with the larger form factor and quality of the product and still enable that lower cost entitlement, I think, we're very happy with what we're seeing so far. The other thing I said is that the ASPs that we're recognizing in 2018 are essentially consistent with what we recognized in 2017 but the volume that we're booking this year is carrying us further out. We're booking 2018 volumes that are carrying us into 2020. We didn't book as much volume in 2017 for 2020's shipments. And so as you would normally expect, further out in the horizon, ASPs would trend down a little bit. But I'm very happy that we got a relatively consistent ASP in 2018, similar to what we have in 2017 and we'll carry that profile of shipments all the way through 2020.
Mark R. Widmar: As it relates to the customer and the contracts, nothing new there in terms of what we said before. There are allegations between both parties. There's security associated with it. There's termination penalties associated with it. I think we looked at it again. I think we're 90-plus-percent, 95%, maybe higher than that of our contracted pipeline of module sales which I think is around 8 gigawatts. All has security associated with it. Again, I think spirit of which we negotiated these contracts with our customers was again somewhat risk sharing and an understanding of fair economics that would enable their projects to be successful. And that's the way we're moving forward. And our customers are honoring those obligations as well.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. So development is obviously – it can be – it depends on where you are. It depends on how the RFP is structured. It depends on what bid bonds have to be posted in order to bid, what dollars are at risk, the tenor of the PPA of 15 years versus 20 or 25. I mean, every opportunity on the development side can differ relative to its attractiveness and relative to its competitiveness, relative to how aggressive things can be. And we've got to be very selective in that regard because you can't get into certain opportunities where you got developers, especially if it's a free option, and you got developers that are just going to make crazy assumptions around the installed cost or they are going to assume some huge hockey-stick on a merchant curve. And a merchant curve may have an assumption of a carbon tax embedded in or may have an assumption of storage already incorporated even though the asset doesn't have the capability to create firm power. I mean there's some – all kinds of dimensions and flavors that can happen that are out there that can really drive some really aggressive assumptions. What a developer is only worried about is capturing that PPA and flipping it to somebody else and then let them worry about it over the long run. They'd make their money and they move on, right. So it can be very competitive and we've got to be very selective with where we play and how we play and site selection and interconnection positions can be critical at times. And then so we have done selection. That's also why I said in my comments that I don't want a very high win rate on development. If we're winning a very high percentage of development we will probably have taken on a lot of risk and we don't want to do that, right. As it relates to storage, again, given what's going on and where you hear, like, similar to the deal that we did with APS, other deals that are happening with Xcel in Colorado and some of the views of PV plus storage and the capability of time shift and creating firm power it's becoming more and more mainstream and most of the utility RFPs that we are doing. Whether it's PPA or whether it's rate base or whatever else it may be, it's becoming more and more power in place and we would expect that to happen. And that's a good thing because now it just further expands the market opportunity for storage. Now we still believe that there can be an interim stuff that with creating flexible storage, using design reserves, capabilities that we have, that you can actually have a much higher penetration of PV before you get into serious issues and need for storage. But we're giving utilities a choice. We can demonstrate flexibility and we've done a work recently with a consultant with one of the large utilities. And we've demonstrated to them the full capabilities of flexible PV and how it can honestly drive down operating cost. And I think that was an insightful study that was done. We're hopeful we can actually make that a public announcement here near-term. And I think other utilities will open up their perspectives around PV. And whether they go straight to storage or go more to a flexible storage platform with design reserves, the options will be there.
