Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. I mean I think – for us in particular, Southeast is a really strong market. As we highlight, one of the larger PPAs that we announced as part of our booking this quarter was with a utility in the Southeastern U.S. We – last quarter we also announced we had an acquisition of a portfolio of projects in the Southeast which also came with a PPA and we're real happy with having more development sites in the South Carolina region, in particular. We're doing a lot with TECO; you saw that. So, the Southeast region is a very strong region for us across Texas, and then obviously, into the Southwest continues to be a good market. But the one thing I would say, and we kind of highlighted this in the – especially as you look across the horizon, to your question, over the next couple years, solar is only going to be increasingly more and more competitive through 2023. And if you look at some analyst reports, especially when you go beyond 2019 into 2020, over the next several years, you're going to see the vast majority of utility-scale renewables being solar. And so, I had, actually – I'll use an analogy that one of my customers used who does both solar and wind. Their view over that horizon is if you look at the map of the U.S. today and red being solar and blue being wind, there'll be a convergence of red all over the blue. So the red will continue to grow mainly – around most of the U.S., except for maybe the Midwestern states where there's very strong – Central states where there's a very strong wind resource. So as you look at it over the next several years, you're going to start seeing competitiveness of solar across many different geographies. I was talking with a customer recently, even in the Northeast where wind is a good resource, the economics are penciling out better for solar right now. So I think we're strong in a couple of traditional markets today, but that's only going to expand and grow; and, we highlight what we're seeing with AEP and what's going on in Michigan and Indiana. So across Michigan, Ohio, and Indiana, those are all states that are in early innings and we're seeing tremendous amount of opportunity for solar deployments over the next several years.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. And the only thing I would just add to that is that I do – we do try to hopefully get people to continue to think about not only at the gross margin level, but what is the op margin expansion that we can see as we see higher contribution margin coming through from growth, right, as we continue to expand the platform. One of the challenges we have right now is we're only producing a little bit less than 3 gigawatts when you combine the Series 4 and the Series 6. And the Series 4 is two-thirds of that number, and that's obviously not our most advantaged product. So just as that mix shifts from all the Series 6, and then we start growing from 3 gigawatts and to 4 gigawatts to 5 gigawatts and 6 gigawatts and to 7 gigawatts with a relatively flat OpEx profile, there's an opportunity for a meaningful op margin expansion which I think everyone needs to take into consideration.
Mark R. Widmar: I think on the other ramp, I think, actually the last quarter we were at $60 million for the full year and that was a number for the prior quarter. I think we started the year right around $60 million or so of ramp. So we hadn't changed the ramp last quarter, so and the guidance didn't reflect any change to the ramp. What happened this quarter, partly because we ended up starting our Vietnam factory, first Vietnam factory, and we'll start our second Vietnam factory sooner than we had anticipated, is that the profile has shifted from start-up into ramp. So start-ups come down $30 million. The full-year number now for ramp is $100 million. So it went from $60 million to $100 million. So there's about a $40 million increase in ramp. $30 million of that is just the kind of geography shift between start-up and the ramp. There is about a $10 million of incremental ramp cost. Some of that is partly – we're still working in both Malaysia and Ohio. Our framing cell is still – it's basically manual back-end process. And the throughput through there is still not where we want it to be. And as well, we also had to hire some incremental labor in order to deal with the revisions that we made to the frames. So, there's some of that costs that – that's in there. But the way I would look at it, Brian, outlook to outlook, ramp, what we guided to last call, the $60 million that was consistent with Q2 – excuse me, Q1 and now it's going from $60 million to $100 million, but $30 million of it was geography shift and $10 million of it relates to some incremental ramp that we are seeing mainly associated with Malaysia and Ohio.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. So, let's talk about – part of the question was around the ramp delta, right, from what we had last quarter to this quarter. So, the vast majority of the ramp delta, $40 million, $30 million of that was just a geography move from startup into ramp, because we were successful at pulling forward Vietnam into production faster. And we're actually going to pull forward Vietnam, too, sooner – faster as well. We highlighted to that as well. So, that's just a geography shift in terms of where the cost goes. $10 million was the incremental ramp cost, for the reasons that I said, mainly for – associated with Malaysia and Ohio, mainly on the back end for the framing cell and some of the manual processes that we had to put in place there. So – and then that is all being normalized away. So, as I indicated as well, in Perrysburg, we were at – we have one accumulator left to do, which will help sort of buffer the back end a little bit more, which will help drive higher throughput. But more importantly, we're 70% through on the tooling upgrade – tool set upgrades that we need to do. So, we have identified and prioritized a number of upgrades that we need to do for the tool set. We're 70% through on that. So, I'm happy with where we are there. As we indicated, Perrysburg, even with not having been fully buffered, but clearly the benefit of having buffered a significant portion of the line, we went from kind of a 60% capacity number to around a 90% capacity number. So, I'm really happy with that. Malaysia made similar progress. And as we progress through the balance of the year, we'll have accumulators installed at both factories. And as we indicated, we should be exiting the year where we need to be on both of those factories; so, feel good from that standpoint. As I said before, the tool set when we looked at it – when we communicated in the last call, two most critical things to me were really cycle time and performance of the tool set, and everything is still performing extremely well from that standpoint. So very confident that once we get – finish the buffering, get the availability where it needs to be, both of those factories should be running well. The other thing that we indicated was the – when we started at Vietnam, it already has an enhanced – has a different framing cell. And as a result of that, it's much more resilient in capability. And therefore, we're seeing better performance in Vietnam, and every new factory that we have going forward will have that revised framing cell and – plus other modifications that will be made. So that should help us ramp and get to full entitlement of our second Vietnam factory, and then obviously, Perrysburg after that. So – and we're starting to reach 430-watt modules. And so, I think when you look at it from that standpoint, we feel good. On the technology side, the one thing that I still – we need to tighten up the distribution. So we're seeing the top end starting to approach 430 watts, but we're still seeing tails in the bottom end that are not where we want to be. And part of that, as I alluded to in my prepared remarks, is that we will start – normally we'll start and we'll ramp through with our non-ARC product. And as a result of that, it's going to be a lower-efficiency product, for sure, because ARC is going to give you – if you had a 400-watt module or so, you're going to get 12 watts from the benefit of ARC. So that delta will drive to a lower bin. It's about two bins lower for a non-ARC product. Plus, it also drives higher costs. So the more non-ARC that they make does add about $0.01 to my cost profile. Now, when we get everything up and running and on – fully on ARC and we've got a new ARC application in a product that we're using that will – effectively we'll get to – almost 100% of our production will be on ARC. That $0.01 goes away. So near term, I got a $0.01 mix issue between ARC and non-ARC. And then, as we indicated in the last call, I've got – we are dealing with issues around tariffs that are impacting the cost of steel and the cost of the frames. So the frames, $0.01 or north of that of impact that we're dealing with on the module cost that's a headwind for us. So, we're dealing with a little bit of headwind there, and I'm dealing with a little bit of headwind just because my throughput is not where it needs to be. But as we drive the throughput up, we go from a non-ARC to an ARC product, and then we're still working through some solutions to try to get the cost out on the frame, get out from underneath the tariffs, source differently, other options that may happen that can drive that cost down, then we'll be able to get to where we need to be on that standpoint. So, I don't want you to leave the call with a view that we haven't – we still have some cost challenges. They're well understood in what we need to do, but we're going to have to deal with – and one that's probably structurally going to be the bigger challenge would be in the frame.
Mark R. Widmar: I'll let Alex take the system one. As it relates to the competitiveness of Series 6, we're very happy with how it's positioned in the market and the value that it's capturing. As I said, just on our bookings this last quarter, Series 6 versus Series 4, we've got a 10% premium of our Series 6 product over our Series 4 product, which when you couple a 10% premium with, I would say, a much lower cost profile entitlement, then that's a very attractive product. And the indications that we're getting from our customers – and I was recently at SPI, and one of our structure providers came over to me and was just very excited about Series 6 and the implications it has on helping them drive cost out as well on their structure, as well as the installation velocity and what we're hearing from our EPC partners. They're very happy with the ease of the installation, the ease of the wiring and the connections associated with it. So, we're seeing the same thing in our own projects that we're self-developing and executing on right now. So, what I'm seeing on Series 6 right now has been very much in line, maybe slightly more favorable than what we had anticipated, but the product's been very well received in the marketplace.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. And the only thing I'll add is that – look, I think there is still quite a bit of demand for high quality assets. And so, when you look at the capital stack and across whether it's the tax equity side, I think it's becoming – where we thought that it maybe would be less competitive given some the tax reform that happened last year. We're not seeing that at all. We're seeing even more getting involved in the tax equity side here in the U.S. The cash equity, there's a lot of money being raised around the world that people are looking to deploy in either great quality assets from that standpoint. And we're even seeing on the debt side, aggressive pricing from that standpoint as well. So, all that accretes higher value to the projects and the value that we can capture. And we've got a very strong pipeline right now, not only here in the U.S., but Japan assets in Australia. I'm very happy with what we have, and we're going to continue to build upon that. I think the Safe Harboring opportunity that's in front of us. And again, an opportunity to deploy our balance sheet to carry multiple gigawatts of opportunities out in 2023 is going to be a very good position for us to be in.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. The only thing I'll add to in terms of the kind of use in entirety is that one of the things now that as we move forward with Series 6 and where we are, and obviously, there's a number of programs still on our efficiency roadmap, we're going to obviously look at our California team which is our advanced research team just to continue to think about the next evolution. Where is the next evolution with our current technology? Where can we take its fullest potential to go above and beyond? Now, as we do that, there may be opportunities that – opportunities may come up that some form of an acquisition or capability or – that we don't have today. If you guys remember one of the things that helped us with our core technology to where we got it today was the acquisition of the IP from GE a number of years ago. Alex referenced the acquisition of a new anti-reflective coating that's obviously beneficial to our product, not only from the standpoint of giving a better benefit to – a better efficiency benefit to the product, but also enabling us to capture almost 100% of the market with that product. And so, I would imagine as we think forward, especially with the creativity and capability of our advanced research team in California, there'll probably be some other opportunities as we think about, again, how do we evolve this technology to its fullest capability.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah. Paul, certainly, internally we obviously forecast it out. I don't see us providing guidance out multiple years. We'll provide guidance to 2019, specifically, later this year. But if you go back to the Analyst Day that we had in December of last year, we gave an outlook at that point trying to break down the various components of the value chain that we have through the module development piece through EPC and through O&M. And we gave indicative gross margin numbers around that. And we said at the time that that was being used for guidance for the year, but you could think about that as an indicative view of how we looked at the business in the long term. You're right that the current visibility we have over the next few years, based on the contracted pipeline, is very helpful for us, and I think the message we gave in the Analyst Day still holds, which is those are good indicative ranges to use when you think about gross margin across the various segments. We've talked about the amount of the development business that we look to have around that gigawatt a year mix of self-developed project assets plus EPC business. So, you can use that. And then, internally, clearly as Mark said, we are focusing on putting ourselves in the strongest position we can for 2021, such that when we're through this period of current contracted backlog, hopefully fully over to Series 6, to our most advanced product at (40:42) that point, we still maintain a competitive position even in a market where we'll naturally see ASPs come down. And we're seeing that competitive environment be strong at the moment. So, for the long term view, I would still guide you back to what we talked about last year and, obviously, there's considerable strength over the next couple of years based on the contracted pipeline we have today.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah. Brian, I'm not going to comment on 2019 but I'll – we'll give you numbers later in the year. I think when it comes to the off-cash fees, there's a lot of noise based on how we've been selling assets. So, I wouldn't focus particularly on that. But what you're seeing a lot on the free cash and on the cash position overall is a significant decrease at the moment, just based on timing. So, as we've been shipping Series 6 product later to certain sites, that means one of the EPC agreements we'll get milestones later. And when they're in the billing cycle, we're receiving cash later. So, we've got a dip in the quarter here which may actually go through the end of the year as well just based on the timing of construction. So, we're actually seeing receipts from the some of the larger projects we have potentially spilling out over the end of the year in 2019. And you're going to see a reflection of that in terms of the unbilled amounts on the balance sheet as well. We've also added in Perrysburg too. So, if you go back to beginning of the year on the CapEx side with an initial guidance we have in December that CapEx is going to have significantly booked with adding in the new Perrysburg plant as well. And then lastly, we've also structured a couple of deals recently where we have pretty back-end loaded cash flow profiles. If you look at the cost of carry from a project perspective, relative to the opportunity cost and the cash in the balance sheet at the moment, we've been using some of that cash optimizing some of the project returns and timing of cash flow receipts from projects. So you're seeing a lot on the project side that's causing noise for the year. And then later in the year, we'll give you an update on 2019.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah. Julien, on the gross margin side, I refer you back again to the Analyst Day last year. I think at that point, we talked about our contracted pipeline having greater than 50% gross margin on the pure development piece. Now, the way we did that makes it clear as we broke out what we thought the entitlement for the module was, assuming a third party module sale, the total EPC, and then the residual development piece is a very small number. But on that development piece, we are seeing contacted margins greater than 50% on the existing pipeline, and new contracted development asset from the development piece, we are seeing over 20% gross margin. So, clearly, it's come down over time, but we're still seeing, I'd say, healthy gross margins on the development piece there. The other thing to say is that it depends a little bit who the buyer is and what the structure of the deal is. So if it's a contested auction in California for a busbar long-term PPA where there's a huge amount of competition. We may no longer be the best buyer because they're not going to sacrifice a successful gross margin profile for volume. But what we're seeing is there are a lot of opportunities out there for us to deploy the skills that we have and the team, and the opportunity set that we've built up over time in both sites and human capital. Through more complex PPAs, for instance, with C&I buyers, who have a different profile rather than contracting a significant amount of product and assuming that maybe some PPAs will fall away and just re-contracting them. Renewable energy buyers, corporate buyers have a much more reputation in focused procurement process where they're looking to make sure that everything they procure will actually go through, so the stronger counterparty risk piece that they place and that positions us very well for that. And then finally, also on the UOG side where again we can bring talent to bear and skills to bear that we have as a company that aren't necessarily the same across the board, and we can see successful margins there. And we don't look through where the procurement is happening, but in general, I'd say that especially with the backlog we have today of systems procured, we're not going to go out and chase margins down for the sake of volume when we're seeing enough opportunity, acceptable margins today to maintain today that gigawatt a year that we talked about.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah. Look, we continue to see most things that are happening in this space. We're always very happy to look at development portfolios. And I think Mark mentioned earlier we acquired a small development portfolio on the southeast this year. We're always happy to look at both early stage and contracted assets. So we'll continue to do that. In terms of technology, given that we have a unique and different technology relative to most players in the market, it's hard to see what could be out there that would be untouched to us. But there are things that we'll look at. And for instance we did make an acquisition last year that's helped develop our anti-reflective coating technology and it's been advantageous there. So we'll continue to look at things around the core technology. The other thing that comes up often is storage. As of today, we haven't seen anything that we think is differentiated enough to make it worth a lot investing in the source technology. We clearly will make sure we invest in understanding how to integrate storage and how to contract storage in a plant. But today I don't necessarily see us investing in the core storage technology. On the second piece there on capital return, we'll continue to look through the future opportunities and uses of cash. And we've talked before about having a waterfall and how we look at that funding our core operations, the capacity expansions, any M&A in developing business, and then having a reserve given the cyclicality of the industry that we're in. So, we'll look a bit more through that. The other piece I'd say is towards the end of this year. We're going to be talking a little bit more about the opportunity to Safe Harbor because we look out to the end of 2019 there could be considerable opportunity for us to Safe Harbor either through our module business or through using some of the balance sheet and that could give us a strategic advantage not available to other players without the financial resources we have. So, we want to always make sure that we're looking to use that cash as advantageously as possible. But if we go through that full waterfall, we can't see an opportunity to expand the business. And we have laid out a CapEx profile against the current capacity profile. If the future of solar is as we believe, there's no reason that that is a stopping point for us from a capacity perspective. So, that's something we're going to continue to monitor and look at when would be the right time to consider additional capacity, which obviously we prefer to do versus returning capital. But if we get to a point where we can't feel we could use that cash accretively at acceptable returns through the profile, then we'll, at that point, look at options to return capital.
