Mark Widmar: All right. Thanks, Alex. To conclude, I would like to discuss the rapidly evolving policy environment both at home and abroad. Beginning in the United States, like many in the energy sector, we were pleasantly surprised by yesterday's joint announcement from Senators Manchin and Schumer regarding the Inflation Reduction Act. We are encouraged that yesterday's announcement made a clear reference to investment in energy security and technology-neutral climate change solutions, and we are supportive of the balanced approach to corporate taxation. While we are still reviewing the full legislative tax release last night, we are hopeful that the advanced manufacturing production credit, if passed, helps deliver the incentives required to boost domestic solar manufacturing and secure our nation's energy independence. As the legislative process moves forward, we urge both chambers to move quickly to pass this critical legislation, which represents the first real step to designing a clean energy industrial policy that addresses climate change while simultaneously codifying American energy security. With respect to 45X, the advanced manufacturing production credit, we urge Congress to ensure that the manufacturing tax credit designed to incentivize domestic solar supply chain are fully refundable in order to deliver the intended result. This legislation’s extension of the solar investment tax credit appears to enable crucial demand-side policy certainty. We're hopeful that, if passed, legislation maintain the domestic content in Senate that will help further ensure that U.S. taxpayer dollars are used to help expand manufacturing here at home. Turning to our considerations to further expand our manufacturing footprint. Our criteria for investment remains unchanged. These include geographic proximity to solar demand, the ability to export cost competitively into other markets, access to cost-competitive labor, low energy and real estate costs, access to or the ability to build a cost-competitive supply chain to support the sourcing of raw materials and components, and as we've repeatedly stated, the domestic policy environment. We agree wholeheartedly with Senator Manchin that the United States needs to remain a global superpower through innovation. As it relates to the potential for our own manufacturing expansion in the U.S., we had previously stated that we were evaluating the potential for future capacity expansion but noted that we first required clarity on domestic solar policy. In light of these latest developments and should the Inflation Reduction Act get passed with consistent language on solar-related tax credits, we plan to pivot quickly to reevaluate U.S. manufacturing expansion. Moving ahead, we continue to be optimistic about the policy environment in Europe and in India. Over the last 10 months, we have met productively with Prime Minister Modi of India and attended the Investment Conference hosted by President Macron of France in addition to having numerous constructive meetings with members of their cabinets. These governments, along with others that are -- we are engaged with are seeking to diversify and grow domestic capabilities. As calls for resilient domestic supply chains grow louder in solar markets around the world, we believe First Solar is uniquely well-positioned to offer a viable alternative based on a proven repeatable vertically integrated manufacturing template. Before I turn the call back to Alex to summarize today's key messages, I would like to note that we have issued our 2022 sustainability report. The report highlights our continued progress across a range of environmental, social and governance metrics, detailing among other accomplishments how we have successfully lowered our environmental footprint while advancing our diversity and inclusion goals. These achievements demonstrate the strength of our commitment to the principles of responsible solar, placing at the heart of our business as we invest in innovation and scale. We are proud that First Solar is an example of how solar can be competitive without compromising our principles and purpose. We have shown that solar technologies can be sustainably scaled without people and the planet paying a high price. Alex will now summarize the key messages from today's call.
Mark Widmar: So Ben, I guess, maybe one way to start, I think we've guided to a number that's, I don't know, 7% or 8% gross margin for the module business in the environment that we're in right now. Okay? This for 2022. So, what Alex has said in his remarks is that obviously, embedded in that low gross margin is the headwinds that we're dealing with around sales freight and with commodities such as aluminum and eventually steel when we introduced Series 7. The impact of that -- the headwind is 11 or 12 percentage points or so of gross margin. So just normalizing for that -- assuming -- it can come through either one away. It can come through as an incremental ASP -- I’m just assuming ASPs stay where they are right now and then we see as a benefit of $0.03 that Alex referenced as a lower cost because sales freight normalizes down to 2.5 cents, which is where our contracts anchored to, and aluminum comes back to historical levels that we have seen previously. So, that gets you basically at your threshold of your 20% relative to what we guided. Now, the guide is also for the full year. And if you look at our gross margin progression, the gross margin is higher in the end of the year. So if you use the exit point, you actually will be north of 20% gross margin. Alex also indicated that we still are -- even though in this challenging environment, we are seeing a cost reduction. So, we are seeing year-on-year cost reduction of about 5% -- 5% to 6%. So, there's an incremental margin expansion there. So when you just layer those together, you're solidly into the 20%. And then if you capture the value of the technology adjustors, then you're meaningfully better than that, right? So, I think everything that we have right now, what we have line of sight to around where we've contracted in terms of our ASPs, and as we've indicated, they're relatively flat or slightly increasing as we go across the horizon. And the other actions that we've taken around our contracting and then capturing the value of our technology road map that we should be very comfortable achieving the minimum threshold of 20%, in my mind, we should do much better than that, but there's still a lot still in front of us to execute on. But I think we've given ourselves a great opportunity to show very strong margin -- gross margin percent as we move forward.
Mark Widmar: So look, Phil, as it relates to capacity expansion, effectively from this point in time, if we -- something here in the U.S. from a point in time, it's going to take us somewhere around 24 months, maybe slightly less. Hopefully, we see some relief in some of the supply chain challenges that we've been dealing with over the last couple of years. So, maybe we can do something faster. But by the time you put a greenfield with a new building and then the tools, the good thing about it, as we've mentioned previously, is we've been working with our vendors to keep them teed up, knowing that there was going to be another factory. We're actually very pleased with the -- where we are right now and the tool move-in scheduled that we're seeing and Perrysburg 3 and then what we have currently lined up for the India expansion, so. And we've told our vendors, we want to have a cadence of six months after that for at least one more factory and maybe we'd go beyond that given the current environment and the options that we have, not only here in the U.S., but in the EU in India as well. So, it's about a 24-month window. EU could be a little bit faster because we still do have a facility in Eastern Germany that potentially could be utilized for incremental production. But here in the U.S. and even in India, it's going to be on a longer time line accordingly because of that the challenge we're dealing with right now with the supply chain, and maybe we'll see some relief. But, the way I look at it in terms of priorities, if the Inflation Reduction Act goes forward, I think at least one new utility-scale factory, we would love to complete our discussion and operationalize our tandem product that we referenced as -- in a partnership with SunPower for residential market. So that's in the mix as well. And maybe could we throw another U.S. factory into the mix? There's a potential. But I'm also trying to make sure we're looking at every other avenue to get incremental throughput if this goes through. For example, our team has done a phenomenal job of driving incremental throughput through the existing factory. So, let's look at additional constraints within the factory. Where is the constraint? Can we add some capital to the existing production here in the U.S., the 6 gigawatts or so that when we get Perrysburg 3 up and running to add another tool that can increase throughput at the constraint that allows you to optimize across the entire tool set? There's another path there to drive more throughput across the platform, which is one thing that we clearly want to continue to look at. As it relates to the Inflation Protection Act, and in particular, the 45X provision, look, we believe -- and again, we still need to go through, read everything and to consult with everyone that -- to ensure our interpretation is accurate. We believe that we have a full entitlement to the $0.04 plus the $0.07, which would be the sell-in module. The other thing, Phil, I think I've said to you in the past is that the spirit of the legislation, which largely is the same as what was originally in prior versions, was to ensure thin film was not going to be competitively disadvantaged relative to crystalline silicon. And so, the structure and the way it's worded if it were to be passed as it is right now, we also believe that we would benefit from the wafer. And the wafer provision, I think, is $12 per square meter. So, you take that, our modular Series 6 today is about 2.5 square meters, which would imply there's about -- on a module basis, not on a cents per watt basis, there's potentially $30 benefit per module. So, that's another lever that we are going to try to make sure we can go and capitalize on. That one -- again, we believe the intent is to do that, but it's another area that we have to work on. But we want to make sure that anything that is finally passed into law that we are not at all competitively disadvantaged and that we're fully entitled to all the benefits that other technologies such as crystalline silicon would be able to capture.
Mark Widmar: Yes. And I want to just make sure, it's clear because sometimes people want dismiss, well, if commodities or sales freight normalize, then there won't be any benefit to the ASP adjustors. Completely understand. But what it means is our cost per watt will decline then by the corresponding $0.03 a watt. So, either it will come through as a higher ASP if we stay in an inflated environment that we're in right now or it's going to come through at a core cost per watt reduction. And I think sometimes people are dismissing the ASP as if the realization won't be captured, without understanding that what it drives to is the lower cost per watt. Either way, in my mind, it's going to add about $0.03 of gross margin across our capacity plans that are getting up to 15 or 16 gigawatts. So, there's a meaningful benefit one way or the other, either incremental ASP or lower CPW across, call it, 15 or 16 gigawatts production as we move forward.
Mark Widmar: So look, one of the things we did say is we're still on target for our cost per watt reduction exit rate is kind of target 4% to 6%. And so, we are taking out costs even in a very challenging inflationary environment this year. We have not given a continuation of that road map of further cost reductions, at least we haven't updated that for a period of time. But by definition, the cost per watt will decline as we improve the technology. So, as we continue to drive the efficiency higher, that's going to drive down our CPW. Plus we have other opportunities through our additional throughput initiatives, whether it's our bill of material reductions that we're working on as well. So, we will continue on a trajectory. If you wanted to assume just a rule of thumb modest kind of view of what we would expect over the next several years, I would believe that we should be still accomplishing at least single digits, maybe upper single digits cost reductions as we move forward. And as we've indicated previously, the Series 7 product will actually drive some cost reduction as well because of the design of that product with higher efficiency, improved throughput and other issues that will drive an improved cost profile. So, when you incorporate Series 7 into the fleet, you're going to see a benefit to the overall cost per watt. So, the cost per watt is not going to -- it's not peaked. It's going to continue to move in a positive direction. Assuming we don't go into some even crazier inflationary environment and we believe that we've largely protected ourselves on most of the exposure in that regard, but there could be some additional headwinds that we'd have to address in the future. But assuming a stable environment that we're in now and just the initiatives that we have in place, we should expect continued cost reduction on our module.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So, one of the things we did highlight, if you look at our pipeline as well, I mean, the diversity of our pipeline, especially with near term as well as long-term opportunities in Europe, has grown significantly. I was actually over in Europe a few weeks ago and talking with a number of different customers. And there's a really significant demand and opportunity for partnering with First Solar, no different than what we've seen here in the U.S. and what we've seen in India. I mean, there's fatigue, and we referenced even a lawsuit, a very large litigation against one of the Tier 1 Chinese suppliers. They're fatigued by that, and they want to find someone who they can work with that ensures reliability and certainty. And obviously, there's a significant demand in the market, EU as they're trying to evolve off of their dependencies of Russian oil and gas, and they don't want to reposition that dependency then into another potentially adversarial country for their solar and climate change goals that they have. So, we're in deep discussions with a number of counterparties. They're trying to build an offtake agreement, and we're working through site selections already to try to figure out if we were to make a decision, what would be optimal. We do have cell sites in Eastern Germany. Obviously, the footprint isn't ideal for a Series 7 type product or 3.3 gigawatts of production. But look, we're also evaluating what is the right product for the European market. I mean could it be a combination of the utility scale or also could it be a smaller form factor, maybe a multi-junction tandem product for high-efficiency space constrained spaces. I mean it could be that's the right product to go to market in Europe. And then our Eastern Europe factory -- Eastern Germany factory looks a lot better to accommodate a footprint around that size. So, I would say I'm very encouraged. A lot of opportunity. I think it's a matter of just making the commitment and the contractual obligations and offtakes and being able to secure multiyear supply agreements to have -- provide a little more confidence we would like to have to enable manufacturing in the EU. I think it's pretty promising right now. We still would like to see some movement on the policy side a little bit. I think they're doing a number of positive things there, even including things like CO2 footprint requirements, restrictions as it relates to forced labor and some of the other challenges that we're also seeing in the U.S. trying to deal with their supply chains that are dependent upon Chinese production. So, a lot of good things happening in the EU, and it's a very important market for us, and we're looking at what's the best way to serve it.
Alex Bradley: Yes. Ben, I mean, as you think through the optimum manufacturing capacity, we've always said that we want that to be demand driven, right? And clearly, if you look at the backlog we have today, contracts, if you look at the size of the pipeline, we have supported the pieces behind growth there. If you think through how we think about expanding, we've talked about some of the key drivers being stable policy, demand, locating manufacturing proximity to demand, having a technology advantage or a stable technology platform from which to grow and several other things around competitive labor, real estate, power markets, supply chain, et cetera. If you think about where we've been -- we're challenged recently, there's been a lot of volatility in the policy side of that equation, which has been a key driver. And as Mark mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’re obviously hopeful given the news coming out of Washington yesterday afternoon. We're still working our way through that document, a lot to be read there. And look, we're cautiously optimistic. We're very happy that the people are working on that now. We've seen a lot of churn in this over the last couple of months. So, we want to remain cautiously optimistic until we see a natural bill signed into law. But if I look through what drives our potential for expansion, we talked about policy being a key driver. You look at the backlog and the demand that's clearly there. You look at the growth of the macro in terms of solar, both in the U.S., in Europe and in India. And all the markets we've been looking at manufacturing seen the significant opportunity for expansion.
Alex Bradley: Yes. So what we said is if you look at what's in the backlog today, we expect the ASPs to be roughly flat going from 2022 out to 2025. If you think about where we are now and you'll see in the Q coming out, and we've talked about where we were, Q1, Q2. You're somewhere in the range of $0.27 to $0.28 ASPs. And we're saying that on a base level, we expect that to be roughly flat out through the 2022 to 2025 horizon. But remember, as I said in my comments, that base ASP is reflective of effectively today's technology. So, when you look at puts and takes around the ASP, you've got potential upside to that based on technology adjustments, should we achieve within our technology road map things that provide more energy or more value to the customer, and those are built into contracts to a large extent today. So, when you look at the ASP side, you have that other key adjustment. You have to ASP, its protection around sales freight and commodities. So, in the event that commodity prices and sales freight remain elevated relative to the norms that we saw pre-pandemic, and typically, the ranges that we assume in our cost structure today, we would have an increased ASP to offset that incremental cost. So, you'd have that adding on as well. So those are the key moving pieces that we see around ASP.
Alex Bradley: Yes. And Joe, if you think about, as Mark said, a 4% to 6% cost per watt produced number this year, that's the decline. If you go back to the slides that we showed in our Q4 earnings and guidance call, back in end of February, early March, there's a chart in there that shows you the driver of the cost reduction. Those still hold true. If you look through where we have what's the modules, efficiency, throughput and yield, those key drivers to look at this. So, we haven't updated that chart from a new cost perspective, but the same drivers of cost per watt reduction still exist there. We also have on that chart bill of materials. As Mark mentioned, there are bill of material reductions that we would expect in ordinary course. However, we're in an inflationary environment, we also protected against some of the key drivers through the adjustors we have in our contracts. So that's another resource you can look to.
Alex Bradley: Yes, Brian. So, we said that you're going to see the majority of the benefits come through in '24 onwards. You are going to see some benefit to 2023. If you look through the ASPs, we said those stay relatively flat across that horizon. From a cost per watt perspective, we said we're forecasting that cost per watt reduction this year. You're going to get the benefit of that next year, obviously. From a sales perspective, we do have some protection next year. It's still not every contract, and the amount of protection varies as we had some different flavors of contracts in the early days before we moved to effectively orders today, just a straight pass-through of excess risk to the customer. So you're going to see some incremental protection or benefit from sales freight next year, but really the big push on that you're going to see in 2024. From an adjustor perspective, we said before, the majority of the benefit that technology adjustors you're going to see being out in 2024 and beyond. And then from a commodity price basis, we said on the last call that we first started introducing the aluminum adjusted at that point, the majority of that was 2024 onwards. We've also recently started looking at steel as well for our Series 7 product, that will be 2024 onwards as well. So yes, you're going to see a little bit of benefit come through in 2023, but the majority of that's going to come through fully into 2024. You're also going to see the value of growth coming in mostly in 2024. But I would say that if you look at the timing expectation around our Perrysburg 3 factory, you will see some contribution from that and potentially a little bit from the India factory coming through in '23 as well. So, when you're doing your model, you'll get some benefit of growth coming through in 2023 as well.
