James A. Hughes: Stephen, let's wait until February then we go to that level of detail around guidance. I mean, I think you have to think about what we said in the script was with the first half of next year is firming up pretty nicely relative to our production plan. We just need to get better inside onto next year and the second half of the year, and we'll give you more color around that in February.
James A. Hughes: That -- we have not provided any sort of information or detail on the margin structure of that. And frankly, I'm not sure that's something that we would be willing to do. Suffice it to say, I think everybody understands that with general industry conditions, there is definitely pressure on margins. And new business that we are booking today is clearly not at the same margin levels as historical business. I don't think there is much mystery about that dynamic occurring in the industry. The importance of this information was there was a great sense earlier in the year that overall activity levels have collapsed to de minimis levels. And that simply has not been the case, and we thought it was important to let people know and allow people to understand that we continue to move along at a fairly robust clip in terms of overall activity levels. We'll live with that -- sort of the detail on margin becoming evident as it rolls into recognized revenue and profitability of the business.
James A. Hughes: And just to follow up on that, one of the dynamics that you will see in these new markets is -- let's take India, for example. A lot of our early activity in India has been module-only sales. That's in part because we're still building our organization and building our on-the-ground capabilities with respect to the systems side of the business. We will also be cautious about how big a project we are willing to undertake in these new markets until we have the level of experience behind this. The best example for that is Australia, where we initially started with a small 10-megawatt project. And once we have built our supply chain relationships and had a clear understanding of labor cost and operating conditions in that market, we will then be able to step up to much larger projects. So as we get our feet on the ground in these new markets, you will see a shift of revenue mix from module only to a more fulsome, more integrated sale over time. So that will impact -- while we're not disclosing in detail, that will impact what the composition of that overall backlog looks like.
James A. Hughes: And the other thing, just to point out and remind people, you -- a lot of people will take the nameplate capacity of the panels, the nameplate conversion efficiency, and do very simple balance of system penalty calculations. And that is a gross and inappropriate oversimplification of how the actual design and performance prediction of the system comes together. So in a very moderate climate, we will have a greater balance of system penalty than we will in a hot desert climate. So you cannot -- you simply can't look at very simple calculations and say, "Here's the balance of system penalty." That penalty -- so-called penalty will be different depending on the exact site conditions of every particular plant.
James A. Hughes: No, it hasn't. We are very comfortable with our competitiveness at a cost level versus the silicon product. Obviously, their long-term willingness to price at nonprofitable levels impacts the overall market conditions. But one of the things that people need to recognize, a lot of the really distressed silicon pricing is going into the distributed rooftop market. And we simply don't compete in that market. That's a -- there is less brand loyalty. There is less focus on the long-term warranty and long-term power prediction. There is less focus on the bankability in that market, and so that impacts the overall value proposition. Our focus is on a grid-connected utility scale markets and in particular, a big focus on projects that are attracting debt finance and low cost of capital, which impacts sales DOE and we have a very significant market share. I don't have the exact figures, but Bloomberg put some numbers out that showed a fairly dominant market share on our part into debt-financed projects. So it's hard to generalize. We really view the -- a very bifurcated market of the distributed rooftop market largely sold through the retailers and integrators versus the grid-connected market. And so we have not changed our view. We still have the same view of overall PV market size in 2015, 2016, and we still are comfortable with the market share that our business plan projections represents in the context of that overall demand.
James A. Hughes: And then on the subsidy question, with respect to ITC versus ITC cash grant, I've said this at a number of industry events and in a number of forums. I believe that a broad spectrum of tax benefits are going to get put on the table following the election irrespective of who wins, and I think there will be a robust debate of tax provisions that benefit traditional fossil fuels and tax provisions that benefit renewable including solar. Our position as a company and my position as an individual has long been we want fair and equitable treatment. We want a level playing field. We believe our product needs to make sense economically on fundamentals given a level playing field. Exactly how that debate plays out and what the overall cost structure and tax structure of the industry, including marginal rates, looks like, there is too many moving pieces for me to predict that. But I have an extreme degree of confidence in the overall competitiveness of solar as a part of the generation mix irrespective of where that debate falls out. So it's not something that we view as particularly -- it's an important part of -- that we pay attention to it as part of our business process, but we don't view it as a live-or-die proposition with respect to the industry generally or with respect to First Solar in particular.
James A. Hughes: Slide 5 of the presentation. That's kind of the listing. Typically, when we announce a project, a systems project, we'll -- it's communicated externally. So I think you have externally available information for the most part to try to at least approximate that, but we have not provided the breakout of the 2.
James A. Hughes: And the other thing, just to further clarify, the impact can be in the arena of your available labor force either because direct impacts upon the laborers and their ability to get to work versus their need to take care of their families. Also, in particular, electricians that we may see -- a marshaling of electricians to deal with the massive system damage that's been done and there is -- and additionally, there is -- as power is restored, having been through this in the Gulf Coast, you will discover damage at the building level that will have to be repaired. And so we're just being cautious and prudent, recognizing that we could see impacts that delay us for a number of weeks on the projects that are in that region. We're calling on the same trades that are going to be necessary to restore systems in the impacted area. So it's not so much. I mean, there is some direct impact on our ability to access the site, water on the site, issues such as that. But it's also a broader impact upon the entire infrastructure, including the availability of labor, including the ability of our vendors to perform or the need for our vendors to redirect resources to critical restoration activity. So it's just we're in the middle of an area that's been impacted, and we're trying to reflect caution until we better understand how that's going to flow through to us. As Mark said, we believe it's -- this will largely play out as timing impacts to us, not as ultimate value impact to us.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes. So that the increase and they are largely was driven by those 2 projects of which the cash came in the month of October.
Mark R. Widmar: So the -- if you look at the data as of the end of Q3, $5.3 billion of that is associated with contracted sold projects, okay, systems related business. The other portion is there are some module-associated transactions that we've announced here recently in deals that have come through India comes to mind as a few transactions that we referenced during the call. And then we have included PPA business that is not yet sold, okay. So that's -- so if you look at our normal schedule, we say PPA sold, PPA not sold. It's holistic and it covers both of those pieces, and then it also would include orders that we have recently booked for module-only sales and some of the announcements that we referenced during the call.
Mark R. Widmar: And just to make sure, I mean, as you would anticipate, too, by definition, I would describe what is in that $8.9 billion. The vast majority of the revenue value is related to systems.
Mark R. Widmar: So what we've said before, I mean, if you look at the relationship between balance of system and the module, think of it as an installed cost perspective, when you have 1/10 of a point improvement efficiency, it's normally going to give you a little bit over $0.01 of benefit to the installed cost.
Mark R. Widmar: So on the gross receipts side. The way we highlighted that before was $3.4 billion as it related to anticipated receipt between now and the end of 2014. If you look at what's progressed since that point in time, we gave you that data in April. Really, that's at the end of the first quarter. If you profile that $3.4 billion and if you actually look at the activity that's happened over the last couple of quarters, effectively, that $3.4 billion is all still in front of us between now and the end of 2014. So over the next 9 quarters, you will start to realize that $3.4 billion. Part of it is because this project activity that we've been talking about, a number of the projects we still in our backlog are cash receipts upon substantial completion or financial close, right. So that activity will happen even here in Q4 or Q1. So that will kind of drain some of that working capital that we've got tied up on the balance sheet. But the way -- the best way to think of it, that $3.4 billion is still in front of us and in large will happen over the next 9 quarters. In terms of the bookings and that $1.8 billion revenue-wise, about 1/3 or so of it is actually we'd target as more sustainable markets. It depends on where you classify the U.S., but if you think about the traditional how we're evaluating sustainable markets, about 1/3 is targeted there and other 2/3 is here in North America.
Mark R. Widmar: And really, what I would say is just that I don't think there's been any change in the trajectory of polysilicon or return to where it's going relative to our estimates when we actually gave our guidance. We believe it's going to be somewhere between $15 and $20. I mean, and it will stay that way for at least the foreseeable future and that's how we think about the competitiveness of our crystalline silicon technology that we go head to head with on a day-to-day basis. So I don't think anything has changed from that perspective.
Mark R. Widmar: In terms of the revenue recognized against the systems business on a megawatt-equivalent basis, I think it's 687 megawatts or something.
Mark R. Widmar: So I mean, what we said in the utilization for the fourth quarter is we're going to be running around 90% to 95%, which largely eliminates most of the headwind, right. So if you look at our -- we said $0.64 on a fully utilized basis, but you should use that as kind of a barometer and say, "Okay, we're going to be trending closer to that number because we'll be running for the most part at a -- on a fully utilized basis." So you're going to get $0.01 or $0.02 benefit sequentially with the incremental utilization and then you'll get a little bit of benefit on the efficiency, as we indicated will exit the year around 12.8%. So the -- we'll see a trajectory that it shows that a more improved profile on the cost per watt. We highlighted that on a fully utilized basis and we said, "I think our best plant would be operating around $0.61." So the trajectory continues to move in that direction, and we will take that momentum and we'll move into 2013. And as we indicated in the script that it will be below $0.60 as we trend towards the latter half of 2013.
Mark R. Widmar: So again, Jim already alluded to that and I think if you really think about the strength of First Solar, it relates to the bankability and actually was having a conversation with BDN [ph] in Chile just yesterday and she emphasized that point and the importance of that. It's a key differentiator of our ability, the quality of our balance sheet, reliability, ability to spend, our reputation, the same amount of product with our reputation. It's a differentiator in markets like Chile. And when most customers are evaluating -- even though they may have financial backing that is attractive, when you actually look at their financial condition and essentially technically insolvent, knowing that they're going to have to stand behind the performance of an asset for 20 or 25 years in a utility scale type of environment, it's very challenging for them to compete with First Solar given the strength of our balance sheet and reliability and reputation.
Mark R. Widmar: There is 4 projects. I sort of referenced them in the script when I mentioned that part of the reason our project assets had gone up is because of 3 projects I referenced in Canada and 1 project in Maryland. I mean, those are the projects right now that are subject to potential movement relating to -- once we better assess the impact of Hurricane Sandy. That's not just on the site. It's actually on the supply chain as well because some of our suppliers for those projects are in the impacted area and we've got to make sure that they -- it doesn't -- going to create any disruption to them, their ability to supply us materials that we'll need in order to complete those projects.
Mark R. Widmar: And the one thing, just as I referenced in the script, that essentially, those projects have to reach substantial completion in order for a financial close to happen. Substantial completion also includes connection to the grid, right? And so new connections are not going to be prioritized over the issues they've got to restore existing power, right? So we're already starting to see where we initially had scheduled activities. Things are starting to slip. We don't have a commitment right now around the ability to get a project in particular connected as we initially thought we did because it's the uncertainty of what's going on right now.
