Mark Widmar: Yes. So I'll -- maybe I'll take the second one first, Phil. So, the reason we're able to still commit to some opportunities in '24 and '25 is really twofold. First is, and we highlighted in my prepared remarks, that we are using India in '24 and '25 for U.S. shipments. Demand in the U.S. was so strong, and we were restructuring some deals with customers that we could meet '24-'25 volume requirements and then pull through out of years as well where we had a little bit more supply. Those deals penciled out really well. So, we'll use some of the India line. We also have requirements under the incentive package that we received in India that there's some amount of exports that need to be achieved. And now there -- what we larger doing is accelerating the timing of those exports into the first couple of years of production in India and using that to support the U.S. market. So that's a piece of it. The other is the ramp of our Perrysburg Series 7 factory is going very well, and that is creating some incremental capacity that's available in '24 in particular. And then we're looking to pull forward some of the Ohio upgrades that we were talking about before. Remember, as part of our overall announcement, we indicated there's about 0.9 gigawatts of volume that we would use to further throughput and drive more output out of our Series 6 factories in Ohio. We are pulling forward some of those initiatives in order to create a little bit more supply earlier than we had anticipated. So all that is helping kind of create supply for '24-'25. The biggest [indiscernible], I just want to make sure it's clear, is really the volumes we're going to support out of India. I also want to make sure it's clear that India is doing extremely well. It's just that we've got opportunities here in the U.S. market and they're attractive ASPs, and we're opportunistically using that volume to serve the U.S. market at this point in time. Bookings ASP, Phil, just to make sure I'm clear, what I said in my script is the bookings average ASP was $0.293. And that did not include sales rates for about half of the volume. And if you include the impact of sales rate, then you would increase that ASP to be north of 30, maybe in the low 30s when you include that volume. That is the impact of the volume that we booked that did not include sales rate. The momentum, look, I think there was a little bit of activity going on with maybe people trying to understand the domestic content requirements, that didn't slow us down on the conversion side. What I would say is that we had a very healthy quarter on conversions. As I indicated, we now have over $300 million of conversions of existing volumes that we already have in the books that we have converted now for incremental ASP for delivering Series 7 as well as domestic content requirements. So good volume, good activity going on there. I think that the momentum should accelerate a little bit from the announcement of the new facility, the new factory. So I do think that will give us incremental supply that will better position maybe a little bit of acceleration. But as I look at the quarter, we excluded about 1 gigawatt of the Energix deal, which was a framework agreement, and that's because there's an option effectively associated with that volume. But if I include that, it's another 10-gigawatt quarter essentially. So, we've been on a pretty solid streak of 10 gigawatts each quarter. If we can carry the momentum through the balance of the year, we have an opportunity to position ourselves for maybe 35, 40 gigawatts for this year. I think that's a very strong result. Given we're going to ship 12 gigawatts this year, we're just continuing to build to that contracted backlog, and we're getting great ASPs in order to do that. So I think on balance, we're pretty happy with what we're seeing from a bookings ASP standpoint.
Mark Widmar: The total backlog as of the end of the quarter which was about 70 gigawatts, that average ASP was $0.296. The bookings since the last earnings call, which was 8.9 gigawatts, was $0.293. But that did not include sales rate of half the volume. If you include the sales rate -- normal sales rate adjuster, our sales rate, that equivalent ASP would be in the low $0.30s. That -- those are the numbers.
Mark Widmar: Yes. On the domestic content rules, again, the way it's defined right now is that there are components that will determine if the module is manufactured in the U.S., and therefore, is a manufactured domestic product. As we indicated in our remarks is that for Series 7, especially for our new factories, we'll be 100% compliant with all of those requirements. So, all of those components that have been identified will be manufactured in the U.S. Again, that's a strategy that we embarked upon years ago to have a local supply chain. As a result of that, then the full entitlement for the module will be captured at the project level. As you know, there's no one else that will meet those requirements, whereas other manufacturers who made announcements in the U.S. will actually manufacture the cell and very few, if any, will get glass in the U.S. I have yet to see an announcement of anybody indicating availability or contracting for glass in the U.S. We've been unique in our position there and been able to capture very strategic partnerships around sourcing of our glass. And so, I think we'll be in an advantaged position. Our customers are clearly still trying to do the math. I think there are still questions. But I think there's a high level of confidence that First Solar is the best-positioned module to ensure the domestic content bonus, which is why we also see such a high volume of conversions that are being done, as I referenced in my prior response to Phil as well. So that's where -- from a domestic content standpoint, we're working very closely. We are providing -- we're being very transparent. I know there's been some speculation that manufacturers are not willing to provide cost-level information. We are obviously willing to do that. We would have preferred to have this basically, from a taxpayer perspective, their module price. I think it's a lot easier to do it that way versus maybe the difficulty and the complexity that's being embedded in the requirements right now, but we're managing through that, and we're more than willing to accommodate our partners to ensure they get the -- they qualify for the bonus to the extent of the modules' contribution. And they're still probably working through and understanding the tracker and the inverter in particular and how it all aggregates up with the project level. But I think everybody realized that Series 7, in particular, in First Solar, in general, is going to be meaningfully advantaged relative to anyone else manufactured in the U.S. today. As it relates to the factory timing, look, we haven't announced a site yet. And so, we're still working through the site selection. The timing of the site selection and the timing of the ability to get on site, finishing the permitting, starting to move dirt around, and more importantly, energizing, getting transformers and other things to available so we can energize, will all kind of determine that ultimate start of that manufacturing facility. But I think it's prudent to stick with what we indicated in our prepared remarks. If everything does go well, is there a potential to accelerate? Sure, there's obviously potential to accelerate, but we have a lot of work to do before we can determine if that's possible or not.
Mark Widmar: Look, I would say on the perovskites side of the house in particular, I'm very happy with capabilities that Evolar brings to the table there. I think it's very complementary to capabilities that our own internal team has. And -- on continuum, maybe slightly different approaches, but both showing -- demonstrating very good results. And again, there's a combination of challenges, but one, first and foremost, that everyone is working through is stability of the device. Efficiency is obviously important, but you also need something that's stable. And perovskites, in general, have -- historically had issues and challenges with trying to demonstrate long-term durable stable devices. So, having there on CIGS6, Evolar has got some very deep capabilities there and record sales that they've demonstrated, it's like north of 23%. And we think that there's a potential for a tandem technology, thin film-thin film that can get to market sooner than maybe perovskites can at this point in time. And there would be a CadTel top cell, with CIGS bottom cell. And if we were able to do something like that, then that would clearly give you a higher-efficiency product that could expand our addressable market. And that's largely why we're investing in the technology the way we are. I mean, we are a module manufacturing technology company. We want to be a technology leader. We are a world-class leader as it comes to thin film devices. Both of these are thin film semiconductors, and we'll continue to evolve the capabilities there. As it relates to when we can get to market, that's -- it's probably too early to determine. There's a lot that needs to be done yet to address a number of hurdles and issues that have to be resolved. But I'm encouraged with at least the platform that we have, very complementary to our world-class leadership that we've taken in CadTel. These are two alternatives thin films that can be very complementary and I think can further our technology leadership over time.
Mark Widmar: I think I'd mark it to that two-year cycle. I think that's probably the right timeline. I mean there's other issues that we're running into. It also varies where we're going to go. If we go to India, I would argue potentially, India could a little bit faster. U.S. is running to a number of challenges, especially around construction and timelines to do that, availability of workers, access to energization of the factory. We're still looking at Europe, and it depends on the path we go in Europe. That could also maybe be slightly shorter timeline than where the U.S. is right now. But I think the best way to look at it is kind of a two-year timeframe.
Mark Widmar: As it relates to -- most of those -- just as a reminder, most of the conversions that we put in place that relates to '23, '24 and '25, that's really what the years it sits in, those were all somewhat thought through and envisioned as a potential opportunity through the contracts that we were structuring at that point in time in which we implied domestic content. And to the extent, certain rules would come through, then there would be -- and to the extent we provided them with the domestically manufactured product that we would be entitled to incremental ASP. In other cases, we've left them open, and it was really up to the customer. And if you want domestic supply, then fine, we'll provide it. We have the option to provide it internationally as well. If you want domestic, then we'll negotiate an incremental ASP from that standpoint. So as it relates to any callbacks or provisions in those adjustments of modification amendments that we did, really there's nothing embedded in those agreements that would result in that. Now, I will say on new volumes that we're booking now, there are provisions in there that would require an adjustment to the extent we do not meet the representations that we gave to the customer, right? So for example, I said that our Series 7 product would be domestically manufactured product, and therefore, the list of 10 or how many components there are would all be manufactured in the U.S., and therefore, the product would be domestically manufactured. And we've given ourselves some buffer relative to that. And to the extent we don't manufacture the product as currently envisioned to ensure that all those components are domestically manufactured, yes, then there would be a potential impact for that lack of performing effectively, right? But that's all within our own control. And if the project qualifies or doesn't qualify, we're held harmless. As long as we meet our requirements, whether the project level hits its 40% or 55% or whatever it may be, there's no recovery or clawback from First Solar. The only thing we have, which you would expect under any contract, we have an obligation to comply. And we made a representation around it being a domestically manufactured product. And therefore, those components which have been identified have to manufacture in the U.S. And really, I see that as not a lot of risk because that's what we're doing already, all that's being sourced here in the U.S.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So, we currently are not envisioning sourcing anything from the U.S. to Europe. Now could there be a particular deal that we've contracted that would -- because of a particular [win] (ph) that we needed for that project or a particular product that we needed, could it come from the U.S.? Potentially, but that's not the intent. The intent would be to support Europe out of our international factories in Malaysia and Vietnam. Obviously, Malaysia and Vietnam are also our two lowest-cost factories before India gets up and running. When India is up running, then it will become our lowest-cost factory in the fleet. But right now, they're our two lowest-cost factories. And yes, we are -- we have global customers, right, very large utilities or oil and gas majors that one global supply. They have projects in the U.S., and they have projects in India. They may have projects in Europe, and they want to have product and they enter into agreement with First Solar, so we could source not just a particular region but multiple regions, no different than the Energix deal that we announced. I mean that was volume for the U.S. It included volume in Israel. It included volume in Poland, at least potentially identified, which is where they're developing. We will have -- we do have to differentiate pricing in some regards to be competitive in those opportunities relative to where other global pricing has gone. But we still will get a premium. We're not in a position where we're having to price liquidation type of fire-sale ASPs like others are doing right now, because there's a long-term relationship that we have with strategic partners. And I think using Energex, as an example, to the best of my knowledge, they are 100% sourced to First Solar regardless of where their projects are. But I have to make sure that they can be competitive in the market at which they compete in. And I can't establish a market price that's meaningfully out of market, so we price accordingly.
