Mark R. Widmar: Yes, Brian, this is Mark. And right now what we're doing is assessing all of our options, and we will continue to evaluate what makes the most sense. We believe, at this point in time, the temporary idling and shutdown that we have currently announced makes the most sense given the current expectations of the NOI [ph] market. To the extent the market demand continues to soften or if we have lack of visibility of stronger recovery as we begin 2013, then we would evaluate additional options. But I think what we're doing right now is prudent given what we see in front of us.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, that would be consistent with what we indicated in last December. We indicated that our module efficiency should start to trend towards 14.5% within that range, closer to 15% as we exited 2015. And the module cost per watt should start to trend down to the low 50s, call it, kind of between $0.50 and $0.52.
Mark R. Widmar: I think when you look at the third-party business right now, I think it also varies depending on geography and in terms of the ability to capture value for the solution that you bring to the market. In certain geographies, I would say pricing is much more aggressive, which makes it more challenging to price at a level that would be accretive to operating income. And as we think about the underutilization charges that we'll be taking this year and our cost moving up to $0.74, I would not anticipate meaningful margin in certain geographies, and that's one of the things we'll continue to evaluate does it makes sense. To serve those markets, especially, if it's long term, we don't believe economics will be viable or sustainable, and those are decisions we will look at as part of our 3-year planning process.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, I think one of the things that we highlighted in terms of the benefit is, we've achieved significant costs productivity in our balance-of-systems for our systems business, and that's been more than sufficient to offset the earnings pressure that we see now with the lower volumes in third-party module. So as we continue to scale and get greater purchasing power, we drive earnings across the entire platform, as well as the with the efficiency gains that we have now at our modules and the bin class [ph] that we'll be able to utilize in order to build out those projects. We’re seeing much better margin realization of that side of our business, which is more than sufficient to accommodate the volume shortfall on the third-party sales.
Mark R. Widmar: It actually won't have any impact on any of our projects. We tried to highlight that in the script. Again, the underlying economics and the value associated with those projects, primarily the main 4 large projects everybody's very familiar with. We're very comfortable with those projects and the economics. The goodwill impact will have no impact on any of the returns anticipated from those projects. That's purely an accounting noncash item that we had to recognize within the quarter. But again, no impact, I want to make sure that's clear. No impact associated with any of the projects that we've acquired via the acquisition of either NextLight or Opti.
Mark R. Widmar: This is Mark, actually. And again, that's one of the things that we are doing. We highlighted that a little bit as our strategy when we -- in order to align our production to market demand, we will be taking some outages in KLM sequentially across each of the 24 lines there, and what we'll be doing is upgrading those lines, leveraging capability that we've highlighted in our best performing line today, which is around 13.1%. So R&D efforts have been instrumental in the progress that we've made in driving our efficiency. We made a commitment last year to a go-fast roadmap, and I think you're seeing the benefit of that. We're making some pretty significant step function changes in the efficiency of our module.
Mark R. Widmar: Tim, I think the only thing I would just say is, that, again, the changeover to our Series 3 module happened kind of midyear 2011. So our experience at this point in time from the field return is somewhat limited. But what I can tell you is the data that we have internally as we look to key metrics that it would be indication of field performance; those metrics are at a level at some of the best that we've seen since we began production. So the indicators would say that the Series 3 modules, which, I think, may be ones you're referring to as higher efficiency modules, should have above average build performance relative to the legacy Series 2. We just don't have enough data yet to really assess and conclude on that, but the indicators we have are very positive from that perspective. The other thing I wanted to make sure that is clear is on the charge that we took in the manufacturing excursion of $125 million. Again, $70 million of that was related to the module-related costs, which, under the original program when we started to accrue charges, it is -- the assumption was our standard warranty rate would be sufficient to allow for those return modules. Given the volume of module that we now have and given the number of claims that we've had to process, we had to make an adjustment from that standpoint. So the $125 million, $70 million is just really the module-related costs that above and beyond is the other $45 million, $50 million or so.
Mark R. Widmar: One thing back on the discussion on Topaz in particular, we just followed up with some additional information that we did have a short period of time where we did stop activity on site mainly for some evaluation of the post laying and then drilling, I guess, what we had to do. At the end of the day, it was a nominal effect, that's why it didn't hit my radar screen. When we look at our key metrics associated with all our projects, everything is on schedule, no underlying performance issues with a temporary delay that lasted a matter of few days and then we're back full running at production. So and everything is still building according to schedule. So our project is in great shape and same statement as it relates to where we are with Desert.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, again, the good thing about those projects, other than we've got to finalize some activity with AVSR, those projects largely have been -- financing has been completed. They're closed, and they're very actively in construction at this point in time. And as you know, AVSR, where we've got final approval here through [indiscernible] has released the environmental impact study that were being done. Updated studies were being done, and we anticipate that to be -- activity to move forward here over the next 30 or so days. So those projects are all in good shape and moving ahead. What I would say, though, is with any of those types of projects there's always risk and things can be -- timing can impact them. It could be unforeseen events that we obviously don't know at this point in time that could delay them. Fortunately, what we're seen so far with our EPC team has been world-class execution as you can see with our Agua accomplishments what we've made in the first 6 months or so since we've closed that deal. That project has gone extremely well. And as Mike mentioned here, we have 60% or so of BoS already completed. So there's obviously risk. Those projects are large and complex. There's issues that will have to be addressed, but feel very confident in our team and our capabilities to execute according to schedules.
Mark R. Widmar: On the discussion around goodwill. Goodwill, you do not amortize goodwill, so goodwill is more of an event that gets evaluated from an impairment standpoint. So to the extent that we now have impaired the goodwill, there's no potential impact on ongoing earnings stream, at least for that component of the goodwill. We do have about $60 million or so of goodwill associated with our systems business, but the discrete event, the $390 million that we took the impairment for will have no impact on future earnings, be positive or negative.
Mark R. Widmar: How should you think about it? I mean, we -- the charges that we have taken, the only thing that will show up in OpEx related to the manufacturing excursion would be the loss power compensation, which was, in the fourth quarter, $31.8 million. So that would show up in OpEx. The other items went all -- for the $163 million or so, all the other charges would show up in cost of goods sold. And then for the restructuring and the goodwill items, they're discrete items on the P&L. You can see where they show up. They do show up above the OpEx line, but not in the R&D or SG&A line items.
Mark R. Widmar: No additional remarks on our side. Thanks, everybody. And if you have any follow-up questions, please, obviously, contact David and the IR team. And we'll make sure we'll respond with any response we have as quickly as possible. Thank you.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes, I mean, it's really -- it's Mike. It's working through, as you know, the political process now, and while the initial announcement was pretty grim, I mean, there are discussions underway. And I think if we let the process work over the next couple of weeks, we'll have a better idea for where the German current market is going to land. And I think we'd like to see -- we want to see where this ends up before we do anything beyond what we've decided to do to date, but we're certainly going to be watching to see what the German feed-in tariff outcome is, factoring that into our decision.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes, I mean, I think we showed a slide on the last earnings -- or call the last call, anyway, in December that showed the new RFP solicitations in California based on solicitation year that's showed a pretty steep decline over the last couple of solicitation years. That's, I think, representative of the trend that new RFPs and PPA agreements are -- have declined pretty substantially, the pace of them. So the outlook is not for a significant new solicitations or offtake agreements. I mean, it's contracted to shipments and installations, which will continue to grow but as a function of agreements that have already been put into place during the last procurement cycle. So that's our working assumption. We see the U.S. in terms of new additional solicitations and offtakes, as being not nonexistent but sporadic and not at particularly high levels for the next several years.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes, as Mark mentioned, we processed a large volume of the claims that were made over the life of the program in Q4. For the last quarter, we've reserved and reported based on the best available information then, and we discovered in processing of claims a lot of additional exposure, which is reflected in the charges that we've taken in Q4.
Michael J. Ahearn: Well, it's not -- we're not currently thinking of doing that, Jesse. And I think we would continue to evaluate all sorts of options, but we're not currently thinking that we would actually own and operate the assets. Part of that is the capital required, part of it is where we think returns will settle under a normalized state. That would not be a normalized way to highest return part of the value chain. But and I think we'll -- I'm not sure this couldn't vary by market and we see, really, that markets are very localized in their nature. And what we might be interested in doing, if not directly, with a partner on a given market, could potentially take that into account. But that's not the thinking as of today. And so we have to evolve into something like that if we did it.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes. Well, going forward, we pulled this 3-year plan together. Our intent is to design, build, construct and operate large PV systems. So we're not intending, as we move into the future, to sell modules as a discrete component. We think our competitive advantage derives partly from the module, but principally from the ability to design and install, if we do this installation directly or through other with our processes, but to design and install turnkey systems that are engineered for costs and reliability. And that's what we've demonstrated the ability to do, and combine that with an O&M capability and a set of assurances to our customers that are difficult would be very difficult for competitors to match. So we’re seeing this as a holistic offering and that it gives us a competitive advantage. It's also needed to open new markets and to move large volumes of systems. That's the strategy going forward.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes. Well, we do have module sales going into India in 2012. Typically, they're installed in the projects that are being subsidized either under the federal program, the National Solar Mission or under any program. And strategically, we're viewing that as a way to get product into the market, demonstrate the performance, acquaint some of the players in the market with our technology and begin to understand some of the dynamics of the Indian market. So that will continue in 2012 and perhaps beyond. In parallel, we want to increasingly start to have discussions around moving in a non- subsidized way into utility scale projects until we started those discussions at the same time.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes, the total -- of the total charges, the $163.6 million, you have $125.8 million of that is related to the manufacturing excursion to the June '08 to June '09 time period. $37.8 million of that is related to a change in the warranty accrual rate that Mark mentioned, which is really driven principally by our view that the returns would be higher in hot climate. So the higher efficiency, if you refer, there were a set changes made for production from approximately June of 2011 forward. That would -- I mean, to the extent there -- our warranty returns there would be picked up in the increased warranty accrual rate, which we -- Mark mentioned, we increased by 1%.
Michael J. Ahearn: I don't know really -- I don't know what’s that's referring to, to be honest with you. I'm not aware of any construction delays. I'm not sure where you got that information. That would be new to us.
Michael J. Ahearn: Well, I mean, we don't -- at our level, we are not experiencing any delays in any of the projects. They are proceeding on our plan. We don't see any deviations from plan, so it could be that -- I'm speculating, maybe some of that resources were scheduled that had to be adjusted. But from our planning point of view, we're on plan on all of these projects or ahead, in some cases. I honestly don't know. I mean, we can certainly research that and get back to you offline and answer that question.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes, it's going well. I mean, we do have -- we have had a number of candidates go through the process. There's significant interest. We're making progress in terms of narrowing that down, and I feel like we're entering a phase where we'll start to kind of select and maybe start working through some negotiations here in fairly short order. So all in all, things will be going pretty well.
Michael J. Ahearn: We did. We narrowed it. We did. The excursion itself was related to a process change that was made in approximately June of '08. That was addressed in June of '09, so we had sort of a 12-month time period. Based on that, we were able to, I think, to isolate the years with the production and then guesstimate at various times over this remediation program what the exposure might be. At this point, after the large volume of claims in the fourth quarter, we processed, I think, over 95% of the total claims. So we basically looked at almost everything that's there and we're reporting, as opposed to estimates like in the past, this is just actual data. So our confidence level is a lot higher. There are about, I think, 200 claims that were submitted that still need to be analyzed, so there's 200 left. And we gave an estimate that we think is an outside estimate, that there could be another $44 million, $43 million, if all of those were determined to have RPM-related [ph] issues. But at this point, we're in the final stages of the program, and what we're reporting today is largely actual results as opposed to estimates.
Michael J. Ahearn: I mean, our modules cost less and perform better than crystalline silicon, so it wouldn't make any sense for us to use crystalline silicon modules. I mean, a significant part of our competitive advantage is in our manufacturing costs, and where we intend to be 3 years from now would be substantially below even the cash costs of a silicon module to our best estimate. So that really wouldn't be part of our game plan. The ability to integrate modules into an engineered system that optimizes all-in performance is something a module manufacturer like us is uniquely capable of doing. And to be able to wrap that with a data set and a monitoring capability and provide assurance to a utility that the manufacturer stands behind the entire result, that's pretty significant. And I don't see us ever being able to do that with some third-party product. So we're going to continue to be integrated and drive our technology into these markets.
Michael J. Ahearn: At this point, we don't have a lot of data. We have enough to -- we know there's a natural physical acceleration of degradation modes in hot climates, but in fact that -- our accelerated reliability test exposes them to intense temperatures, so that's just the way these behave from a physics point of view. And we have enough to know and to feel that it's prudent to raise the rate until we get more data, but we're pretty early. I mean, we just started really shifting the mix in the hotter climates in the last couple of years. So we'll have to continue to reevaluate it as we get to see results, get more data. But for now, we thought it was prudent to increase the rate by 1 point because of the mix change of what we've seen to date.
