Mark Widmar: Yes, Phil. So I guess on -- so obviously, we've got to comply with all the requirements of what's going on in both those countries. And in some cases, there's -- and there has been over periods of time in Malaysia around movement control orders. And fortunately, we've been -- and Malaysia have been deemed to be essential. So that continues to allow us to operate and we continue to try to make sure we comply with all the local requirements. We've also, in both of our facilities, started the process already to get our associates vaccinated. So most of our associates in both of the facilities have received the first shot and we'd expect here in the near term, we'd be able to provide the second shot. So that's helping as well.  Vietnam is the one that I would say that's trending more significantly, right? On a relative basis, you could look at the Vietnam historical number of cases and fatalities are being relatively low by most standards. But we've seen a pretty significant increase here over the last 6 weeks or so. So the government has made and imposed other requirements, including to the extent that you are going to continue to run your factory, there's a requirement to quarantine on site. So we have made for accommodations for our associates there to quarantine. And we've got a schedule which would be in place where we'd be able to rotate associates through over periods of times where the current staff would be quarantine for a period of time, then the new a number of assets would come in over time.  So we have been able to manage, and the team has done a phenomenal job. And I alluded to that in my prepared remarks, they continue to hit their operational metrics. So as I sit here today, as we look across our supply chain, that's both in Malaysia and Vietnam and our own facilities, we're able to manage the current situation. However, if things continue to trend worse, then we'll have to assess and evaluate our ability to continue to run and operate. So it's clearly a challenging environment at which the team have been able to do an outstanding job to continue to operate and to hit our performance metrics.  The -- as it relates to technology rollout, it's a little bit different situation because -- and we highlighted it in terms of Vietnam as it relates to our rollout of CuRe, our sequencing around CuRe would have been Ohio first then Malaysia and then Vietnam. We've already done some of the upgrades that would enable the CuRe product to be released in Malaysia when we started , we have some of the upgrades already positioned to enable CuRe when we start the rollout. And we've just recently completed the rollouts in both Perrysburg 1 and Perrysburg 2 to enable CuRe. We have yet though, to roll out the upgrades that are needed in Vietnam. And there are restrictions and quarantine requirements and reduced travel and the like. So as we alluded to, we're working through and to try to find a path to keep it on schedule, but there is a significant risk that the rollout of CuRe in Vietnam, given the current situation would be delayed. But that's the most significant one that we're still working through at this point in time.  As it relates to bookings, yes, we've got about 3.4 gigawatts of 13. We now with the 2 new factories, we'll be adding close to 3 gigawatts of incremental volume in 2013 -- excuse me, get the right year 2023, sorry about that. And there's a lot of volume still to be booked. So we probably got in the range of 10 gigawatts or something like that engagement with our customers, we've got a number of very large deals right now here in the U.S. as well as in the pipeline for India. As we highlighted, we've got about 7 gigawatts right now of a pipeline in India that we're working to execute now that we've made the announcement around the factory. Subject to final permitting and the incentive programs from the government finalizing that, we'll start contracting that volume as well.  So there's no lack of opportunity. The engagement is good. I would not expect at least over the next few quarters, I don't see a significant slowdown in bookings momentum. I think we're going to have a very strong second half of this year to help start booking out 2023 and 2024.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So what we said on the call was that if you look at our current bookings that we have for 2023, they're essentially flat. I think we said they're down about 1%. And so they're essentially flat as we go from '22 into '23. And pricing, if you actually look at the profile of what we have booked and what we're currently in negotiations with right now is pricing has trended up for both '22 -- if you look at deliveries in '22 and then even what we're seeing in '23.  So there's a lot of momentum. I think what's happening is we continue to book out again we are still somewhat capacity constrained even with the 2 new factories. That volume doesn't start to come out into '23. But even if you look at that volume relative to the global market, we are capacity constrained from that standpoint. And as our book builds up and firms up and it starts to constrain our available capacity to support new customers, it starts to firm up pricing in the marketplace. So we're happy to see that.  We -- as we said that in our prepared remarks, we do look at this as a very balanced perspective to get an ASP that's attracted to both parties, right? The project economics have to work and our return requirements have to be met as well. So you have to balance those 2 into consideration.  And the other thing I'll just say around the bookings is that we are -- and we alluded to this on the last earnings call. And if you look at effectively everything that we booked this quarter, we have started to implement the modifier around shipping costs. So we have benefited in terms of the contract structure in a way that if there's incremental sales freight costs that there would be a mechanism which that would be variable pricing to the customer to accommodate for that. So that's also an item that we're trying to make sure it gets properly reflected in our bookings as we go forward.
Mark Widmar: On the ASPs, yes, we are starting to see the ASPs for -- and I'll separate -- we'll talk next-gen product before our secondly, but first is in terms of our Series 6 and Series 6 Plus in CuRe product that we are currently negotiating with customers at this point in time. Yes, we're seeing ASPs starting to firm up. And there's -- what First Solar is able to do, not only with the differentiation we have around capabilities and our technology, but there's an element of certainty.  And given there's so much uncertainty right now that's going on with the crystalline silicon supply chain. Whether it's here in the U.S. or even you're starting to see some emerging issues start to come up in the EU and U.K. and in places like that, it's creating anxiety to a customer and the customer wants to make sure they can have certainty and there's no disruption to their commitment around their module supply chain. First Solar is decoupled from the Chinese Crystalline silicon supply chain, right? So it enables a different opportunity agent with customers and including that, that is playing into some of the opportunities.  Again, though, you still have to deliver great technology and the evolution of CuRe in particular, and it's improving around its long-term degradation rate, I think, is further enhancing our relative competitive position in the marketplace. So it's the product, it's kind of the overall market, it's the certainty of contracting with First Solar is a key driver in the bookings momentum and the firmness of the ASPs. The -- what we alluded to on our new product, which will come out of both of our Perrysburg 3 factory and in our India factory, both of them will be higher efficiency than our current fleet. They also will be optimized. One will be optimized here in the U.S. for a tracker install in the India 1, which is largely -- India is largely a fixed tilt market. It will be optimized a fixed tilt structure, both of them will inherently create incremental value relative to the Series 6 and 6 Plus product that we have today.  And I think what Alex alluded to and also couple that with both of them will be the lowest cost products in our fleet, I think there's an entitlement of $0.01 to $0.03 at least what our initial indications are about $0.01 to $0.03 of incremental gross margin realization with the next-gen product relative to where we sit today on a comparable basis with Series 6 Plus CuRe.
