Mark R. Widmar: So, Colin, what we've done here and we engaged, probably, I guess, maybe four weeks to six weeks ago, I think it is. We put two tiger teams together, if you want to use that term, to do somewhat of a bake-off – right – to look at both Series 5 and Series 6 and what is the art of the possible and what can we do to further reduce the cost on Series 5 as well as trying to find a path to what can we do to try to accelerate the timing of Series 6. Our long-term plan has always been to have the two products coexist. But given the current market environment, we're reevaluating that and we're trying to make a decision that if we can get the cost profile of Series 5 down to a level, which we think it needs to be to give us acceptable margins on the sale of that product then we'll move forward with that transition. If we're not able to do that, we may look to move straight into a Series 6 platform with a view of trying to put one product forward as quickly as possible. We have been having ongoing discussions with our internal teams. We've had ongoing discussions with subcommittees within our board and we'll have our final review with the board next week and we'll make a decision from there. And whatever that decision is, we'll make sure that we communicate that to everyone on the earnings call on the 16.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah, so I think NextEra and Southern have both announced that based on how they view the economics and risk reward of solar projects they're going to perhaps reduce spending in solar and look more at wind. I think that neither of them has said that they're going to be exiting solar market and we clearly have good relationships with both of those two counterparties. They'll still be looking for high quality assets. And I think we're both – we're well positioned to meet those opportunities. What we have seen clearly in the latter half of 2016 and going into 2017 is there is somewhat of a scarcity of tax capacity for large utility-scale assets. That being said, given the ITC extension timing, there's also a dearth of assets going into 2017. So we think the two have somewhat balanced out, although there may be a little challenging tax capacity issues at some point. The other thing I would say is that we feel that we bring extremely high quality projects to market. And given both the quality of the projects, the development and the relationships we have with counterparties in the market, we don't see a significant constraint today for us in finding buyers and tax capacity for our assets. It may be that further down the chain there are some people who are struggling but we're still not seeing that reflected in our markets today.
Mark R. Widmar: In terms of on the margin profile for our component module sales, in our view our entitlement still should be in that 20% range. There is no reason to believe that we shouldn't be able to achieve those types of margins. And what we need to make sure is that we can deliver that with a Series 5 product and that's what we're working on, trying to get the cost down to a point where we think we'll clear the market on the ASP and still be able to deliver margins that are in that range. Our expectation is that a Series 6 product will deliver even better margins than that. So I wouldn't want to change our view of the long-term expectations around gross margin for our module-only sales. With our Series 4 product today, given the smaller form factor, it will make it in today's pricing environment more challenging to achieve those types of margins and we would obviously most likely see margins much lower than the 20%. That's what precipitates the need to transition to either Series 5 or Series 6 to normalize the form factor delta that we have today in the marketplace and generally drives a slightly lower value for the product. As it relates to Q4 and our mix of revenue, there is still some systems revenue in the fourth quarter. But you will see a significantly high proportion of that being module-only sales.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah, so what I would say is there are two things impacting that margin. One is we've had good execution on projects this year, so we've had some project cost savings that have pushed the numbers higher than expected. The other piece – the two assets we're referencing, both Moapa and Cal Flats, are legacy assets that had some unique challenges to them that made them lower gross margins than you would otherwise see on our typical systems business. The Moapa is an asset that we acquired in late-stage development and therefore paid a development premium to acquire. On Cal Flats, we have one discrete development issue which if resolved, would increase that margin significantly but that's not currently in the guidance numbers. So those two assets have some unique differences from what I would say is a typical development project. If you look out into 2017, we don't have I think significant, similar challenges on the assets that we have in 2017. And then going out beyond that, the majority of our California pipeline out to 2018 and 2019 is at higher margin levels that we think are more expected and accessible for a systems development business.
Mark R. Widmar: Julien, as you know, 8point3 has gone out and recently done an equity raise plus they've also expanded their credit agreement. They had an accordion feature underneath the credit agreement, which they expanded that; I think the capacity was around $250 million. They've also recently acquired Henrietta, and so they've used some of the capacity for that. So what we are trying to do with 8point3 is there is limited capacity in terms of their ability to acquire the entire interest. Clearly there is an interest from 8point3 to do that. We are trying to work through structuring around that to see if we can accomplish that. And to the extent that we can then we will be able to sell 100% of our remaining interest, which was 34% of Stateline. We have left out of the guidance approximately 25% of the value, which is depending upon our ability to go above and beyond or find ways to sell 100% even though there is not today presently sufficient capacity to acquire 100% interest in Stateline given the available cash and debt capacity that 8point3 has at this point in time. So we're just looking through options, so in our guidance we've excluded a portion of the sale and that's about 25% of the remaining interest.
Mark R. Widmar: So, I guess, Brian, on the tax rate, I think what you're seeing is the delta between the GAAP and the non-GAAP, first off is we highlighted that we had a favorable ruling on an item in an international jurisdiction, which was worth about $35 million or about $0.35. That is in our GAAP numbers but that's not reflected in our non-GAAP numbers. So that's kind of our primary delta between the two. The other side of it is relative to our prior outlook on the tax rate, we have a favorable mix of income. So what's happened now with the drop in revenue that drives a different result in terms of where is the income by jurisdictional mix, which each jurisdictional mix had a different tax rate associated with it. And as you know, we have a tax holiday in Malaysia, so more of the income that's represented in Malaysia as a percent of the total will drive down the overall tax rate. So that's kind of the events that are driving the change in the tax rate both on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis from the prior guidance that we provided in Q2 earnings call. Brian, I'm not really sure how you're getting the $0.80 or so for Moapa and CA Flats. I think Paul had it right when – and he referenced it; when you look at the revenue delta, which was close to $1 billion, and if you look at the gross margin rate increasing, but when you look at the total gross margin dollars not changing significantly, you would look to it and say, well, that would imply that the gross margin on both of those assets is lower than normally expected for a systems business. I think Alex walked through that as well. So we can take that off-line if you like. We can spend more time with you, but you should not be getting anywhere close to, I think you referenced round $0.80 of value for the push out of those two projects. It will be significantly lower than that.
Mark R. Widmar: So the O&M business, again it's a good business, it's a recurring annuity stream, relatively high fixed cost, therefore, variable volume flows through at a very high contribution rate. And the profile on the business if you look at it over time, the margins can range – the margins on average are above the average for the business. They also will be much higher, let's say, in the first five or six years of the contract. So if you look at the performance of the plan as well as the warrantees that you have with the inverter manufacturers and others, you will generally realize much higher margins within the first five to seven years. And then as you approach 10 years to 15 years you may see margins start to drop off a little bit, especially if you have to do overhaul – inverter overhaul maintenance and those types of things. But it's a good margin business. It's one that is really based off of scale and we are looking to – we have a strong presence here in the U.S. We are looking to grow it and capture the benefit of the infrastructure through our network operating center and other investments that we've made over the years to monitor plants and try to find other ways to optimize the performance of the plants. It's a good base business that has great opportunity to continue to grow. The revenue dollars won't be sizable in general relative to the total, but they can contribute meaningful gross margin and EPS.
Mark R. Widmar: So a couple things, around Series 5 in particular is that what we are focused on Series 5, and I want to make sure it's clear, is that if we can further cost reduce it, and we're looking at ways to do that, the product will be highly competitive. So I don't want it to be looked upon as that it's a direct correlation that the ASPs have declined and therefore the product is no longer competitive. It is an advantaged product relative to Series 4 because it solves our difference in form factor which drives – generally drives a higher balance of plant cost. So it's a very valuable product from that standpoint. The challenge though is getting, so that there is some incremental costs that we are adding to the module and in terms of back rails and other things along those lines. So it can drive to a higher cost point than Series 4, but the general benefits of the larger form factor is offsetting the impact of that higher cost. What we're trying to find a way is that can we further cost reduce some of the incremental components for Series 5 or just the bill of material or other ways of driving out cost on Series 5 that we can get it to a position that we feel more comfortable in competing in the marketplace and capturing the margin profile that we would like. The other thing I think that's important to understand is that if – when we first embarked around our vision for Series 6, it was a little over a year ago. And we have had tremendous learnings around Series 6 that have dealt with some of the potential constraints or challenges/risk that we had with Series 6, when we first sat down and created the business case. If we had known everything that we know as of now for Series 6, we may have made a decision to go straight to Series 6. Okay. So some of it is – look, the ASPs in the market have declined. That's putting some pressure on Series 5. We've got to further cost reduce it. If we can do that, then we'll continue with the transition. However, we also have an opportunity to meaningfully pull forward Series 6 in getting that product into market faster. Then, we just have to compare the trade-offs between the two and make a decision on which path we want to go. Series 6 at any price point that we're seeing in the market right now will exceed any of our expectations around margins of what we believe that business – that entitlement should be. So we're very confident with the Series 6 around its efficiency as well as the cost entitlement, and it generates all of the energy yield benefits around temperature coefficient, spectral response, diffuse shading, everything you could possibly. And obviously that we've talked about around the core to our technology, it still resides in Series 6. So we can just have much higher efficiency, much greater energy density at a much lower cost point.
Mark R. Widmar: No. Look, the inherent energy value and the benefits are there, and we are able to capture that. India is a great market for our product and one that we can capture meaningful incremental value for the energy that we provide. So there's nothing has changed, the ASP environment doesn't change that. What has some impact, not necessarily around percent energy advantage, but the value of the energy can be impacted with PPA prices. So it's intuitive, the lower the PPA price therefore the lower the value of the energy. So there is some impact of that as PPA prices in some markets have gotten very aggressive. But the inherent energy value is still there. The percent deltas are still there. The only real dynamic that can change the equation around what does it translate into ASP is what is the underlying PPA and generally lower PPA means less value in the ASP.
