Mark Widmar: Yes. All right. Thanks, Mark. Look, since the ALMM has gone back into place, we are seeing pricing move up in the market. Again, ASPs, generally in India, are much lower than what we see here in the U.S. But they have moved up 5% or 10% from where we saw them before the ALMM, so moving in the right direction in that regard. I do think that with some of the other initiatives that we have in place and especially as we move forward, towards the latter half of this year, I think we could see even firm pricing as we exit this year going into next year, which is encouraging. In the interim, we are shipping a lot of product into the U.S. So this year, we'll produce about 2.6 gigawatts of product in India. And we'll be shipping about 1 gigawatt, maybe slightly north of that, into the U.S. market. And really most of the first half shipments that we'll see, really into Q3 even, are going to be from India into the U.S. market at this point in time. So that continues to be an option for us. It's also, like I said in our prepared remarks, as we scale up to 25, 26 gigawatts from a global fleet standpoint, all that product is really available to address and serve the needs of our U.S. customers. We'll continue to figure out what's the right optimal allocation in terms of how much stays to the Indian domestic market and what comes into the U.S. But I do see pricing dynamics improving in India since the ALMM has been put back in place. 
Mark Widmar: Yes. So what I would say right now just in conversations with our commercial team and our Chief Commercial Officer, clearly, pricing in the market and -- has changed. As soon as there was an indication, really, it's starting to increase $0.03, $0.04 since the beginning of April. And then we continue to see a little bit more momentum now that the petition has been announced and some of the other statements that have been made by the current administration, which are all very, very supportive and constructive. So we are seeing more activity, more engagement. We're encouraged. We have taken our assumption around bookings down a little bit. We did that largely with a lens of being conservative, of waiting to see exactly what we're starting to see, and the momentum is starting to pivot back in a more constructive way. And we'll see how that pans out. But a lot of engagement, a lot of customer meetings. I will be actually meeting with a number of customers next week as well with our commercial team, and we'll get a better pulse at that point in time. But I'd say that the sentiment clearly has changed over the last 3, 4 weeks. 
Mark Widmar: Yes. And then on the pricing side, yes, so I somewhat made the statement on one of the earlier questions as well. We clearly are seeing the benefit as the market pricing has clearly firmed up and is moving up. If you look at just what we booked this last quarter before any of the adjusters, it's $0.30. If you look at the graph that's in the presentation slide, you can see that really none of that happened in April. So all that was really bookings that happened in the first quarter, which is really before any of the indications of this case started to get into the marketplace. So none of that really is reflected yet into -- so none of that impacted the Q1 bookings that we just reported. But we are seeing movement into the market where pricing is firmed up, moving up and people obviously looking to move quicker than they would have otherwise because of the various uncertainties and trying to figure out the implications to the extent of further development pipeline and projects that they're looking to build out over the next several years and also knowing that the order book is already tight with First Solar and we're still supply-constrained in the grand scheme of things. As it relates to the tandem technology, continue to move -- progress that from a couple of different paths. One is our thin-film CIGS tandem product. The other is continuing to work on a thin-film crystalline technology and then still advancing work on perovskite. And as kind of alluded to in our comments about next-generation innovative, disruptive technology and the advantages of our R&D innovation center, that is just -- we'll be starting up here by the end of this quarter, at the beginning of next quarter. And then our perovskite pilot line, between the 2 of them, it's almost $0.5 million investment that we made since we announced those decisions over a year ago. What I'd like to do right now is -- I think those investments and getting those up and running are going to be clearly operational and informative of understanding of where we are with our technology as we produce full-size modules and then validate them in terms of their reliability. It's one thing to produce a record cell or even a module, but the other is how will it endure and stand up to the elements in terms of the conditions that we need to from a reliability standpoint. And no different in some of the reporting that's coming out, and we've been hearing about this over the last 6 months with TOPCon. TOPCon, when you look at some of the field performance and reliability that we're seeing right now, is significantly challenged and not hitting a performance level that would be anywhere close to acceptable to the market and nowhere close to its prior technology perk. So we've got to be very careful and mindful. It's not just working within the labs. It's also been producing it at scale and then getting it into the field and testing and getting comfortable with long-term reliability and viability. So I don't have a specific indication of time line. And what I would say, Phil, is we're making good progress. I think some of the R&D innovation center and the perovskite pipeline that we're working on right now, and that will be up and running. We'll have much better insights in terms of where we are in commercialization and time to market as we exit this year. 
Mark Widmar: On the pricing one, Brian, look, let's not get -- look, I'm happy with what we're seeing right now. I don't want to commit to an ASP in the mid-30s is what we'd expect to be able to realize at this point in time. What I'm trying to indicate is that we have seen a move in the market pricing. And there is a difference between -- just make sure we're clear, a difference between international versus domestic. There's an adder for the domestic product, as we've said before, $0.03, $0.04, $0.05 for that. So that volume will be priced at a higher ASP than not. So -- but what I would say is that we're encouraged, and our strategy for this year is to be patient and continue to move forward with bookings at attractive ASPs. And as we said before, this business model is still levered to growth and contribution margin. If we can get to a stable ASP environment as we look out over the next several years and grow the production capacity that we have in front of us, drive cost out as we continue to do, leverage our fixed cost across our overhead, there's pretty strong operating margin expansion that we can realize if we do that well. 
Mark Widmar: Look, I think the framework that we use is pretty consistent with what we've done in the past. One is whatever we do, we want it to be demand driven. And if we get confidence, especially as we progress now through the second half of this year, around a strong, enduring demand profile that we would need through the balance of this decade -- and one of the catalysts that we referenced already is what's going on with data centers, and there's a lot of activity going on there right now. So first, I'll start with demand. The other one, just to make sure, is a stable policy environment. And so for what I am doing and what -- I think I said before in a couple of other calls that I've had is I've told my team is we need to be ready to go. We need to figure out our supply chain. So we need to have our glass strategy. We've got to think about tellurium, right? We got to think about site selection process and access to power and ready to go to -- as quickly as possible as we see those inflection points that we start to see strength in demand, and then we see through the other side of the November election that we believe we have a highly predictable and stable policy environment that we can then make informed decisions from. That starts to come into the mix. Then I think we're in a much more positive position to think about further capacity expansion.  So that's what we're doing, and we're going to be as nimble as possible. And if all those -- we start filling out our scorecard a little bit there with the key dependencies that we need to further capacity expansion, we'll be ready to go as quickly as possible. And what we've proven is that once we make decisions, we get projects built, constructed, tools installed and up and running and ramped probably best than anyone else in this industry. And we want to continue to be able to do that. I know there's been -- at times, I've heard someone was -- caught me by surprise that there was some concern about execution risk because we exited last year at 12 gigawatts, and we're going to 25, 26 gigawatts. That, in my mind, is the least of things that keep me up at night. We do this well, and we've demonstrated that. And like I said, our current activities that we currently have ongoing right now are progressing extremely well and on schedule. And we know if we need to continue to grow off the base we have right now, we have -- truly have the capability of doing that. And we just want to see the demand and the right policy environment to make that decision. 
Mark Widmar: All right. Please come back with me on some of this because I want to make sure I got some of the questions. I'll start with the last one. The bookings that we reported really were all done from -- what was our -- was it in Feb 20? Feb 20, whatever. Our earnings call was at Feb 27 or 28, whatever the date was, and really through March 31. So that 854 megawatts, there's very little of that, that happened in the month of April. That's probably what I was trying to say before, is that the indication of a potential case for -- against Southeast Asia really wasn't into the market at the time that we were negotiating and closing on that booking volume.  So all that booking volume, the 854 megawatts, which is incremental, was -- happened pretty much in the month of March. The quarter-to-date number is 2.7 gigawatts that we referenced as well. And again, all that happened before there was any real indication of some of the policy changes or even some of the statements that the administration has made here recently. The inventory -- I think the other question that you asked was about the inventory levels and how much inventory may be in the U.S. And I know there's speculation and views of 30 gigawatts, maybe even more, that sits in the U.S. that's been brought in partly because of the moratorium that was provided on the circumvention. We've heard that type of number in the past. I have no real way to validate that.  But I do believe that there has been, looking at the import records, an excessive amount of product that has been brought into the U.S. at a rate that's much higher than current demand, which all is going to have to be managed and worked through. And there's issues that are going to have to be dealt with how, once this moratorium is over, in theory, all that inventory has to be deployed and installed by the end of this year and to monitor and to ensure that truly is happening. Uncertain to me how that would happen, to be honest with you. So some of that inventory may be subject to tariffs, if that were not to happen. But to be seen on that regard.  Then you asked me about -- the other, you can repeat. There was a question around hydrogen, and then I think there was a question around spot prices, unless Alex, you got either one of those. 
Mark Widmar: And then maybe if you could repeat your question on hydrogen or clarification on any of the things we responded to maybe that didn't hit the spot. 
Mark Widmar: In terms of the AD/CVD, which critical circumstances are effectively retroactivity of some of these tariffs, to me that's facts and circumstances that will evolve. It depends on what happens. It's extremely unfortunate, in my mind, that China has chosen to do what it's done so far, right? I think we -- this -- we were in a position, a balanced environment that we believe it was adequate for a domestic industry to grow and scale and create domestic capabilities. China, clearly, not only here in the U.S. but in India, is aggressively trying to prohibit that from happening and -- given the amount of overcapacity and pricing.  And just to be clear, you guys are listening to all their comments and everything else. I think Daqo made a comment recently that 70%, 80% of the polysilicon guys are selling below cash cost, right? Jinko, but for a onetime item and including their subsidy income, their last quarter, they lost $3 a share. So everyone is -- it's a blood bath. And if China wants to continue to do that, let them do that on their own accord, right? We should not have to be exposing our domestic industry here in the U.S. and our domestic industry in India as an example to China's behaviors, right? We need to be able to find a way that allow companies to compete on their own merits and not be always threatened by China's oversupply and abusive, aggressive behaviors. So if imports stay relatively stable as we go forward, if pricing on those imports stay relatively stable, then I think there's less of a likelihood that critical circumstances would be requested. But to be determined. And again, this is not just the First Solar. This is the coalition that has to make that call. But to me, it's around facts and circumstances that will determine that. The other question around equipment and critical procurement and critical components and transformers and everything else, a number of our large customers are very sophisticated. And they have gotten ahead of this procurement and supply chain constraint as best they can. In some cases, people are ordering spares and other things that they can utilize across their development portfolio and trying to derisk as much as they can. But look, there's no way you can insulate yourself 100% from that supply chain disruption and constraint. But we try to work as closely as possible. That's also why when we do our -- we're overallocated on an annual basis. When we then step back and assess the allocation against that, we do try to work as closely as we can with our customers to understand where they are in their development stage of their particular projects, and then things get moved out accordingly. But at any point in time, there's always subject to change. And what we continue to try to do is create some resiliency as best we can as we enter into a year and hopefully manage some of that during the year as best we can as projects move around. 
Alexander Bradley: Yes. So I'll take the termination for convenience and hand it over to Mark. So we haven't given a specific number related to this year. But if you note in the guide, we're maintaining our volumes sold guide at 15.6 to 16.3 gigawatts. So we're working under the assumption that if this volume were to be terminated, which has not happened yet, we've just been having discussions with a customer who's indicated that given the likely sale of their portfolio and the likely buyer being someone who already has volume from us and given the time frame of those deals pushing out a little bit that they are likely to -- if those all happen, then they would be likely to exercise that termination for convenience right. But that's a customer that we have a larger order book with. They've already taken delivery of over 50% of the volume under that order. They will continue to take delivery of some of the remaining, a little bit under 50%. But they will likely, if those then transpire, terminate a portion of that backlog now. As I said, we will look to either reallocate to others or resell that volume. But it is one of the reasons you're seeing the cash guide come down a little bit, is that just given we're already into Q2, if we reallocate or resell now, it's quickly not going to be until late Q3, earlier Q4 at best before we move that volume to someone else. So even though we're maintaining that guide, and we think we'll be able to do that this year, it might impact the timing of the cash. But in general, what we're seeing is, right now, the guide hasn't changed. What we're seeing this year, we think, is manageable with that range that we've given. 
Alexander Bradley: Yes. So I don't know if I have a good number for you. I would say if you look at the companies that we talked about on the call, the ones that we're going to be adding to data center demand significantly, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Meta, they value certainty even more than the utility. So if you think about utility, potentially contracting multiple projects, and they can deal with a level of failure or delay in a way that these guys can't if they have commitment to renewable targets at certain times. So they value certainty, and they certainly value the reliability of where the product is coming from and the concerns around slave labor. So we tend to be the first port of call for many of these companies or the developers who are doing the work for them. And so in many cases, developers will come to us saying that they have had discussions with these people and that they have preference to buy or work with the solar products, especially for U.S.-based demand. So I don't think I have a percentage I can give you, but I would say that generally, we're going to be the favored supplier to the projects that are going to be supplying power to these data centers or these kind of asset owners. 
Alexander Bradley: I think just related to spot, I mean we talked before that there isn't a huge immediate spot market in the utility-scale solar in the same way that there is in resi. So when we talk spot, we're still talking for projects that are 2, 3 quarters ahead, maybe just not 8, 10, 12 quarters ahead. So when I think about the opportunity for us, as we have potential [ holdings ] come up in the year, if we have some short-term [ holes ] open up with things like termination of convenience, there's an opportunity, yes, for us to capture what I think you would call spot on a utility-scale basis, which is forward a few quarters. I don't think there's a lot of ability to sell meaningful volume on an immediate basis given the time lines for permitting and development of a utility-scale project. But certainly, if we have opportunities around any termination of convenience or if we have other customers that ask us to move product out, we'll certainly go out and see if there's an ability. If anyone else looks for products and wants to have product, we're willing to work with customers in that way. There could be some opportunity there. We also said we continue to be cumulatively oversold through 2026. So we continue to do an almost daily balancing of our supply-demand and work with our customers to see where things need to move both in and out. 
Alexander Bradley: Let me just take the credit one, and I'll pass it back to Mark. The credit was higher than that. So we had $194 million in the quarter. I think the guide was $190 million, so a little bit over. If you go back into the Q, there's a few moving pieces in the government grants receivables. So the number for Q1 was $194 million. 
