Jim Hughes: Thanks David. First off I would like to thank everyone who attended our Analyst Day last month be it in person or via webcast. We appreciated the opportunity to share with you our outlook for the company and the industry at large and particularly the tremendous response the event received. We plan to repeat the process periodically when we have information that justifies the required time and resources.  Now turning to our book to bill performance in Q1, slide four shows the total anticipated demand in the change in that demand that occurred during the quarter. This data represents our total business which includes a relatively small percentage of third party module sales in addition to our advance systems project pipeline. We have booked an additional 328 megawatts of demand year-to-date including Solar Gen 2, Macho Springs and NorthStar. Shipments in Q1 were slightly higher than these new bookings for an ending balance of 2.5 gigawatts DC of future demand. However on slide five based on first quarter revenue figures and bookings year-to-date we achieved a one to one book to bill ratio due in part to a higher proportion of system sales in the future revenue booked compared to that recorded. In the near term we have good visibility to maintaining this ratio which specific potential opportunities that we are currently working to close by Q4 which would result in booking higher than one-to-one for the year. Slide 6 turning to future demand opportunities we announced on the Analyst Day that we have approximately 4 gigawatts DC of potential bookings this year alone. This figure excluded project development activities, including much of the Solar Chile pipeline, which when added brings the total to 5.5 gigawatts DC. You can see the breakdown on slide 6 based on each prospective bookings’ current stage of completion. This also includes approximately 200 megawatts of module-only sales. We have over 700 megawatts of mid and life-stage deals with a moderate-to-high probability of success. The largest portion about 4.8 gigawatts is early stage, which means that the majority of these projects will have the development cycle of 12 to 24 months and consist primarily of our own captive project assets, such as Solar Chile. This reflects the fact that we have lower demand requirements in the short-term and that we are focusing on replenishing our pipeline primarily in 2014 and beyond. As a matter of fact, we are sold out until late Q3 of this year. Slide 7 shows the breakdown of demand by geography with a large portion of it continuing to come from North America, but an increasing portion from the sustainable markets that we are targeting. This is a tremendous improvement upon this time a year ago when our bookings outside the U.S. were restricted to Canada, India, Europe, and Australia. Now, South America is 1.8 gigawatts and the Middle East, China, and Asia-Pacific account for an additional 1.3 gigawatts combined. We are also working on sizable opportunities in North and Sub-Saharan Africa. This is perhaps the best illustration of the progress that we are making and creating demand and sustainable markets today, and gives us confidence in our ability to replenish our pipeline going out to 2015 and beyond. With this in mind and included in the aforementioned 5.5 gigawatts, I am delighted to announce that we have executed an MOU with the Ordos Municipal People’s City government for Phase 2 of that project which amounts to 300 to 500 megawatts (inaudible) of capacity. The pre-feasibility study of Phase 2 is already underway. Our target is to secure project approval of Phase 2 and commence construction during the second half of 2014. In addition, regarding the Phase 1 demonstration plant which is 30 megawatts in size, construction is planned to commence in the third quarter of this year pending the receipt of all regulatory approvals. This is further evidence of the tangible progress we are making in China, one of the largest sustainable markets going forward. In summary, our anticipated demand to which we have good visibility gives us the solid foundation to weather the current challenges facing the industry and our pipeline of potential bookings gives us confidence in our ability to replenish our pipeline for the foreseeable future. Now, I will turn it over to Mark, who will provide detail on our Q1 financial results. 
Jim Hughes: It’s very difficult to generalize who we are competing against. That varies quite dramatically from market-to-market, but the sort of compelling value proposition that seems to be the winning combination, no matter who the competition is, is the combination of track record, balance sheet, and bankability. And so it is customers that either have a quality bias or projects that have a need for project financing and accordingly need a technology solution and/or an EPC provider that have track record and clear bankability is where we consistently seem to have the strongest competitive advantage. The set of competitors in the U.S is one set. The set of competitors in Chile is different. The competitors in India are different. The competitors in Australia are different. So, it’s – we can’t generalize across all of the markets, but the consistent competitive advantage seems to be those factors that I have outlined. 
Jim Hughes: I think that the large size project in North America while there has been a continued trend downward there hasn’t been a complete elimination of large projects. And when we look through the 2014, 2015, 2016 timeframe, there is still a fair number of large projects that are in that pipeline, as well as we have put a lot of time and effort into increasing our competitiveness on the smaller end of the scale which has allowed us to fill or book a number of projects in that smaller size scale. So, it’s a combination of those two factors that really make up that slice of the pie as you look at it. 
Jim Hughes: When we consummated that acquisition we identified all of that portfolio as being in the early to mid-stage which means they are in the sort of 12 to 24 months timeframe, so they have some degree of permitting ahead of them as well as power purchase agreement negotiations ahead of them. So we don’t see them being a near term contributor in 2013, we would hope that we begin to convert some of those opportunities to bookings as we move forward into 2014. 
Jim Hughes: There is a fair number in California but to be honest we’re seeing it throughout the South-Western region. 
Jim Hughes: We have lots of people on the ground; we’re building out our organization. We have a significant number of opportunities that we are pursuing at this point in time; it's that market is a certainty in terms of it will be a large and significant market. I have consistently said that timing is less certain. Many of the authorities that will kick off those programs are very deliberative in their decision making, highly technical in their decision making so we feel like we’re making good progress but it's I don’t want to create too much anticipation, that’s something imminent; it will build slowly over time.
Jim Hughes: Well we haven’t disclosed or discussed any specific pricing on projects and that’s not something we do. The Phase II is in the pre-feasibility study phase. The key sort of regulatory event and the Chinese process is approval on your feasibility study. So we have got sort of two major regulatory steps ahead of us whereas the initial 30 megawatt phase is through those. So, we’re now into the heart of central approval process and that is the key focus. Once you have that approval under the Chinese system and that entitles you to a PPA in there. So those negotiations are rather pro forma once you have your central governmental approval. 
Jim Hughes: I think it's difficult for us to commit to or give much guidance on when we will get this loaded that. We’re focused on the approval for Phase II and we will start thinking about moving Phase III forward once we have visibility into that final approval. 
Jim Hughes: I don’t think we can give you any sense on what percentage we expect to convert into bookings, its future opportunities; it’s not really capable of that kind of analysis, certainly not at this stage. In terms of profitability, we don’t have visibility to profitability on the entire 5.5 gigawatts. Some of it’s not mature enough that you could take a look at it. I did say at the Analyst Day event, we are seeing pricing activity in our negotiations, particularly in the 2015-2016 timeframe that validates the margin expectations that underlie kind of our guidance in our business plan. So, I think broadly we are seeing a mix of pricing across our product line that averages to the kind of numbers we have guided the investors to. 
Jim Hughes: Yeah, so 3.1 is reflective of our pipeline than its book. The 5.5 is actually new bookings opportunity, so if you think about the way we look at that 5.5, that’s our funnel of opportunities that were going to that we have that effectively sets us up to address the non-contracted portion of our business that we highlighted in the Analyst Day. If you remember what we try to do between ‘13, ‘14 and ‘15, we gave you the profile of what was contracted which essentially relates to that pre-component line. And then we gave you non-contracted business, and this is really what the opportunities that we have today. There is 5.5 gigawatts of opportunities that fill in against that non-contracted pipeline or non-contracted business over the long range plan that we gave you through ‘15. And what I would say is that relative to booking that business with the pipeline of the funnel that we have right now, where we are pretty happy with the position that we have. We like the diversity of the pipeline and we like the aggregate size of the pipeline relative to filling in that non-contracted business that we need over ‘14 to ‘15. 
Jim Hughes: I think frankly, that’s the opportunity set that’s grown to a level of robustness that there is not one particular project or process that I would point to. I think it’s just look at that we are steadily making progress toward that goal on a quarter-by-quarter basis from the broad portfolio. We think we will get contributions from across all of the geographies and contributions across all of the product lines. And there is very few single projects that we’re pointing to, there are couple with North America that are of significant size but most of it is pretty broadly distributed and we feel like we have, we’re not counting on 100% hit rate against the opportunities that they were chasing. So we don’t really, I don’t really have specific wins but I can say that’s the critical one. 
Jim Hughes: You can’t make yourself immune from local conditions; however I have been developing power assets in the Chinese environments since the early 90s. You sometimes end up with the delay issues but there have not been broad credit worthiness issues from the Chinese power grids to the extent you have been prudent in getting appropriate approvals then you have not done anything, you have not overlooked any steps in your development process getting paid has not been a significant issue in the Chinese environment. Curtailment is much more than an issue and our effort is to make sure that we structure our the projects that we’re handing the project over to a long term equity owner that can manage those risks. We’re not going to get out over our skis (ph) in the Chinese market with respect to payment terms. 
Jim Hughes: I will take the head count question and I will let Mark address the other. In terms of where it's becoming the focus for this has been on I would say the administrative side of the organization. There have been modest reductions on the R&D side but not significant, there has not been a lot of reduction on the business development or sales side. It has mainly been on instance – the core administrative functions where we have tried to write-size the administrative portion of the organization to match the smaller size of the company, there has been a little bit in manufacturing. So it's been fairly, it's fairly broad. 
Jim Hughes: I’m sorry we didn’t catch that, can you say that one more time? Sorry we didn’t catch the question. 
Jim Hughes: We have three assets up in Canada which we referred to as ABW which is Amherstburg, Belmont, Walpole. So we’re in the process of finalizing that transaction and given the current negotiations there is a chance that may not happen within the quarter. We’re just trying to give you some indication around the magnitude of those three projects are for the second quarter. If they do happen in close we will then have a relatively flat earnings for the quarter, if not we will see earnings decline slightly. 
Jim Hughes: Well, most of the large opportunities you are talking about have they been talked about and they have been reflected in whitepapers, but they are not part of an official yet. And so as much we would not include them in a visible bookings projection until such time as they became part of an official program. So, we think that over the next year to 18 months, we will see the contribution and the potential from Middle East grow quite significantly. Most of the large programs which you are likely referring to are not reflected in that current number, because they are not yet official programs. 
Jim Hughes: There is certainly no shortage of markets that we could think about or talk about in terms of being suitable for the TetraSun product. The reality is that within certainly the 2014 and 2015 kind of timeframe assuming even a fairly aggressive ramp of production, even modest success in the Japanese market would consume almost all of the available production. So, while there is lots to talk about, I think we are constrained by the reality in ramping that production. And so Japan will likely be the focus. I do think we will move some of that product to begin to capture opportunities in new markets, but I think it will likely flow into last half of ‘15, 2016 and beyond before we can have aggregate production out of points, where we would be looking out for significant volumes outside of the Japanese market. 
Jim Hughes: We would like to thank everybody. We again appreciate your time and attention. And we look forward to speaking to you in the second quarter, I mean in third quarter. 
Mark Widmar: In terms of the implied guidance on ASP that’s a difficult number to back into - what I would prefer you to stay focus on is what we indicated on the in the Analyst Day is we’re driving towards a system roadmap that ultimately drives down to a (inaudible) installed system cost of around a $1 and we believe that the market clearing prices will be somewhere in that range as we indicated previously about a $1.42 to a $1.60 depending on market, depending on radiance and other factors. So when you take that installed cost of around a $1 include the non-standard and you model it on ASP and that $1.40 to $1.60 it models back to the gross margin numbers that we have been communicating for a while now that we believe on a sustainable basis we’ll achieve gross margins in the range of 15% to 20%. 
Mark Widmar: We were during the quarter AVSR really impacted us starting really have been continued through most of the quarter and I would say the impact was heavier as we exited the quarter then when we began the quarter. So it's feathered throughout the quarter, it impacted revenue by a material amount specific to that project and aggregate relative to our guidance that you saw we achieved the revenue guidance so it didn’t have a dramatic impact from that perspective but we have been struggling with that for a period of time and as a result of that plus the corrective actions that we now have to undertake, we move the anticipated completion date from the end of Q2 into the Q4 timeframe. So, lot of work still to be done. We will complete the project on time. It has resulted in incremental cost and the one point I was trying to make in the script was that because of the accounting methodology that we used on percentage completion, any cost overrun essentially you have to recognize a certain percentage of that relative to how much of the contract is complete at that point in time. So, if you have a throw out a number a $10 million cost overrun if the project is 80% complete, you will recognize that in the current quarter. So, we did have an impact on earnings more so than revenue in the current quarter, but from a full year perspective, we will maintain the guidance that cover any of the additional cost overruns associated with AVSR. 
Mark Widmar: Yes. So, as we indicated look with the impact of Desert Sunlight now and impact in the second half of the year, you will see stronger revenue in the second half than you will in the first half. And as you will see the gross margin trends accordingly, so you will see a little bit stronger gross margin through the second half of the year than you will have seen in the first half of the year. 
Mark Widmar: Yeah. So, again you got to remember there is 700 or so megawatts that laid today’s development. We really need very little volume as Jim indicated in his comments we are effectively sold out through the end of Q3. So, we don’t need a lot of volume to fill in this year, it’s really filling in for next year. And that’s a 12-month rolling horizon, so if you really look at it, that carries you into the first quarter of next year of the 700 megawatts. And then beyond that, we have for then we will start getting into that 4.8 or so gigawatts of opportunities that start to fill in ‘14. So, well everything we see right now are level of comfort of building are delivered against the one-to-one or greater book-to-bill ratio, we feel very confident with what the aggregate funnel is at this point in time. 
Mark Widmar: If you look at it in general relative to our ability to manage credit risk I think we have done a much better job than most of our competitors, we will also in any particular market require LCs or other forms of security to ensure we will ultimately pay and we have always trying to do business directly with the thinly capitalized DPC provider and try to do business on directly with the Genco or the off-taker or hold security in the asset to protect our interest. So I would say we are aware of the challenges but I think our track record indicates we have managed that risk pretty well. 
Mark Widmar: And these action should be all communicated I would say 99% of all the actions will be communicated in the second quarter people will be off roll and will take the charge for the associated severance in the second quarter. 
Mark Widmar: Yes, we are not going to get into that level of detail, I mean, look there is various things that will impact – well the actions that we need to take and schedule the impacted and as a result of that, there is some additional cost that will be reflected in the estimates to complete for that project, but we are not going to get into the details on the items. 
Mark Widmar: So, the benefit of the reduction-in-force will happen in the second half of the year. So, I think the (inaudible) of the associates will go out this month, some will actually stay on role till the end of June. So, we won’t have any real benefit in the second quarter, but they are going to call it $15 million or so of benefit flowing through in the second half and pretty evenly split between the two quarters. And as I indicated as well we are going to have a charge in the second quarter in the range of $6 million, $7 million that will impact the second quarter as well. So, we see the charge and then you will see the associated benefit equally over the third and fourth quarter of the year. 
