MarkWidmar: If I guess I would say just on that and it's similar to what I said in my comments that the things that are continued to drive improvements to the cost for watt, improve throughput, improve lots, and improve yields. And so what I said in my remarks is that we just opened up the 445 watt bin. And then over the next few quarters, we're going to be at the 455 and north of that shortly thereafter. And so that improvement in watts is going to help drive down costs. So that helps the throughput as we've already highlighted is going to continue to increase. So that's another significant lever that is going to help drive down the cost per watt. The other one is we highlighted just the class supply for our Perrysburg factory which will start to take shape in Q4. And you'll see you realize the full benefits starting in Q1. So the bill of material costs in Perrysburg in particular is going to be helpful. But we're also working on significant -- taking significant costs out of the frame, which will help drive costs further.  And then we're actually looking at the change in the profile of the module such that is actually thinner. So when you look at the glass plus the frame, we're trying to make the profile of the module center, which will also then allow us to add about 10% more modules, a little over 10% more modules occur, container from a freight standpoint, which will help drive down that cost. So we've got teams that are really multi dimensional, looking across all aspects and everything that is associated with the cost of the product, and ultimately delivering it to the end customer. So as Alex said, we're not guiding at this point time for 2021 but we are tracking to be ahead of what we thought where we thought we were going to be on a cost per watt basis as we exit the year, which is a good place to be. And then we still have a number of other initiatives that will further drive down on our cost per watt as we go into 2021.
MarkWidmar: So from, Ben, where we ultimately -- what I said in the script was that where we are on our trajectory right now for our two facility plants in Ohio is to drive the nameplate capacity up to 25% above than we were originally launched that. The objective would be to drive it effectively to about low 30s. So there's, let's say there's another five to about eight percentage points of incremental utilization that we would like to get out of all the factories. So first, we got to get everything up to 25%, right. We're not necessarily there yet, you can see by what we're running, we're -- call it 120, I think was the best that we highlighted. Right, now we've got a path to get everything up to around 25%, near term, with a goal of getting it up to low 30s, calling around 30% to 33%, which would be another five to eight percentage points above for our near term objective is, and a little bit of work still to be done there. But I've been very impressed with the team's capabilities making that happen. On the efficiency side, as you indicated, where are we going with the technology? I mean what I did say to someone, one of my very last comments was the entitlement at the cell level for cad tel is 25% plus. And that would translate into something close to call it a 23% or so efficient module, based on normal conversion between cell to module. We're in the process right now of validating. And hopefully, we'll have in the next few quarters, a new record for efficiency with I don't know if there'll be a cell or module. So looking at what we end up doing on that, there are some items on our roadmap that would really be beneficial to help validate that through demonstrating that either with a cell or module, which by default, will then drive to a record efficiency. So there's still more room to go yet on to core technology and driving to higher level of efficiencies.  The other one that I mentioned that, again, it's complimentary, and it's in. It's a combination, this multi junction technology that we talked about, which would take efficiencies even above and beyond kind of that profile. As I mentioned because now you have two cells that are harvesting the overall photons and converting them into electrons, which you say that whatever you can do at the top cell level capability would be further enhanced with the bottom cell. And so the technology and efficiency can go even beyond kind of those numbers that I represented around theoretically, right. So there's still ways to go yet on the technology, and we're working very hard to make sure we can realize those benefits over the next several years. On a CapEx basis, with this, I mentioned, I alluded to this, kind of what is the factory of the future, and what is the most disruptive, lowest cost factory that we can create, starting with a blank sheet of paper that also drives down the CapEx investment relative to what we initially communicated with Series 6, so that can drive it down probably close to 15% to 20% on a CapEx basis, so we have a roadmap to drive more CapEx out, and to do more efficient, so therefore, we can obviously, the cost of deploying new factory would CapEx per watt basis will be lower than when we originally launched at, which is an objective that we've had. And it is tied to the realization of the systems energy services and proceeds so, it's not -- they are two independent things. I mean, there's not a constraint, you can see where our balance sheet is right now that ability to continue to invest and in the capacity and the roadmap that we have in front of us, that there's not any linkage, per se, to any proceeds we've received from assistance business or the energy services business.
MarkWidmar: It's, whenever we grow, we want to make sure that it's tied to a market indicator, right. And basically really has to start with relative competitive advantage and position of the technology, the market has to be there, right and good thing about where we are now with solar procurement, it used to be policy lead now it's economic procurement, people are buying solar from the pure economic standpoint. And so I don't really see any constraints on the market, per se. But we do look to markets where we would have advantages around our technology. So hot, humid climates, for example, would be a market, they would be attractive to us; again, being closer to the market, or at least driving efficient shipment, logistics routes to access the market is important. The reality is freight cost is 10%, north of 10% of the overall cost of the product. And so if you can get that number down, say cut it in half, you get 5% savings just by getting closer to the customer and reducing your overall freight costs to deliver over the technology. There are many other factors that we use when we screen a site; energy is a meaningful component of our overall costs. So we have to have competitive cost of energy, labor rates have to be competitive, from math standpoint as well, while the processes are largely automated, still major component of the overall cost structure that has to be thought through and whenever we make decisions of where we're going to manufacture. But the reality is that we will grow most likely it's probably going to be outside of the US as we currently envision it, it could change. We have ability just to expand within the footprint and drive more throughput of what we already have here in the US, as we think about where our next factory would be, as we currently envision it would probably be in an international market somewhere close to customers, close to where there's a strong recurring annual demand requirement, and one that we have our technology is well positioned and competitively advantage whether it's hot, humid climates, whether it's the advantages of our Co2 footprint, environmental aspects around our technology, which more and more markets are starting to value. Those are the types of things that we take in consideration as we think about any expansion.
