Mark Widmar: Phil, on the ASPs, yes, so we did have a cancellation during the quarter which we referenced which is the 0.4, so that is the delta. The ASPs that we reported net of the cancellation is in line with where the gross ASPs would be as well. The actual cancellation was slightly lower but don't take it as a material delta. The numbers are in line with the net numbers that have been reported from that standpoint. Bookings from a standpoint of momentum, look, there's -- what we've -- our strategy has been, let's be patient and let's make sure the market has an opportunity to continue to digest all the information that's coming about, right? And we believe there's still even more to come and we kind of alluded to a few. One is the potential announcement of critical circumstances. We think that there is a momentum potentially for addressing the foreign entity of concern and the potential use of taxpayer dollars to go to adversarial countries. We think there are other initiatives that could be focused on examining the India imports coming into the U.S. and the potential use of Chinese cells in the manufacture of those products and brought into the U.S. market. And we also believe that there's still, as previously indicated in the domestic content guidance that was communicated in May that the current administration is evaluating the potential use of integration, I should say, of a wafer to qualify for domestic content. So we're just going to try to be as patient as possible, when you throw in the mix of recently announced TOPCon IP. We're going to be patient as possible to let all that information to be digested with the market to the extent we can see ASPs that are attractive to us in the windows that we're trying to book out into and I still want to continue to remind people that these are windows, their bookings are going out into '27 and '28. When we look at the bookings last quarter and you include the tech adders which push us north of $0.33, I think we're moving in the right direction and where we feel comfortable where pricing will be. So I think there's momentum there. I think I want the market still to digest all of the uncertainty. And once that gets better understood into the marketplace, I think you'll see more momentum in our bookings as we close out the year. Having said that, there's still an election in front of us but I still think a lot of people are going to be very -- reluctant potentially is a good use to word -- a good word to use for booking into '27 and '28 with less certainty on policy environment. So that momentum may impact us as well. But I do think there's an opportunity here to see a little bit more momentum as a lot of this information is digested and we'll see how we progress through the balance of the year.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So look, I think the first milestone which you expect to start seeing as we exit this year into next year, it would just be a completion of the construction of the building. And you can see that a lot of the exterior construction for the building has been completed but there's still quite a bit of work that needs to be done on the interior and then it will be tool move in. So our current plan will be Q1, beginning of Q2 will be the tool move in for Louisiana for that factory. Then there's the energization process. And then [indiscernible] is going to line up to an integrated run very similar to -- we just started our integrated run this year for Alabama, you roll the plot forward to July of next year, we should be looking towards an integrated run at that point in time, it would be early Q3. So we're making real good progress, happy with what we're seeing right now. Look, hopefully, we have confidence in what we've been able to do. This is our last factory and a journey to get over north of 25 gigawatts of capacity. We started with -- not too long ago with 6 gigawatts. And so we've been able to, in a relatively short period of time to meaningfully increase our manufacturing capacity and the team has done an excellent job in delivering.
Mark Widmar: Yes. Look, I think it's -- the answer is both unfortunately. I think initially there will be -- there'll be some pause with trying to understand exactly the policy environment and what potential implications there will be if there is a new administration and Republican control. But I think as you see through that dust, it's going to be very clear that in my discussions in D.C., clearly, geopolitical tensions with China aren't getting any easier when you go to the Republican side of the conversation. There are going to be tariffs that are going to be imposed which are going to a better advantage First Solar and our domestic footprint for sure. And there's a real reluctancy of using U.S. taxpayer dollars to advantage Chinese owned and controlled company. So all that, I think, plays to our strength. But at the same time, I think everyone's going to want to understand kind of the environment, so there could be an initial pause. And then I think once that happens, you could see further acceleration. And in some cases, you may even see a pull forward of projects from '26 into '25 if there's a view that there's a legislative process potentially that could change certain provisions within the IRA, there may be an acceleration of everybody trying to monetize as much as they can in '25 before budget reconciliation process could potentially impact the legislation and call that maybe late Q3 of '25 kind of view of the world. So I think we're going to see a little bit of both, maybe some pause just to assess. But then I think what likely plays out with the Republican controlled D.C. would be a very favorable outcome for First Solar's domestic manufacturing.
Mark Widmar: Yes. Look, on the last question, I guess, first, I'll hit on that is, look, there is a chance. We're actively engaged right now with negotiations on a portion of that volume. But at the same time, we're just trying to be balanced in our views. We only have 5 months left in the year. The timing of the requirement for those modules and what project, it has to be something that is not too far long in the design phase because if it's already been designed to a different product and then to switch the engineering drawings and everything else and potentially even the supply chain balance the system that they would -- they are currently procuring could have to be modified as well. So I think it's best just to assume that it does not happen this year. But clearly, we're going to want to sell through that volume as quickly as we can. As it relates to the bookings, yes, there is -- to me, there's really 4 large bookings. There was -- in the current quarter, forget about the debooking. In the current quarter, there was 4 large ones. And I'm also including the one booking that subject to CP -- contracts subject to CP, right which is a 600-megawatt project. So you include that in there. That deal is completely -- is finalized all terms and conditions and ASPs and all that stuff is finalized. And it's subject to a developer getting actual finalizing control of a site on their end. And we hopefully will see that close out this upcoming quarter. So I look at it, there's 4 large bookings for the quarter or 3 bookings plus a contract which aggregates up to about 1.8 gigawatts when you look at it from that perspective. And most of that volume is kind of '26, '27 and '28. So it is out into a longer-dated window and is still maintaining good ASPs. And while we always want to make sure that we're highlighting the impact of those adders as we indicated, we're starting our CuRe lead line this quarter and we'll be replicating across the fleet. So by the time we actually deliver against for those projects, we'll be able to monetize the full value of those adders. So I look at the kind of the ASP numbers that we should be most reflected upon is the ASP with the adder. And so good projects, a good window which we need to book with, good counterparties, happy to continue to see more and more First Solar modules being associated with data center and expansion of data centers. So overall, we're pretty pleased with that. And we'll continue to see customers and willingness to move forward and engage. I do think given the winners that we're booking out into, there will be some that are going to continue to sort of maybe evaluate and assess until there's better clarity exactly what where the policy environment will land in D.C. and no different than what we want to do the same thing as Alex indicated.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So the bookings, there was some India domestic volume that was booked within the quarter and we highlighted that and called that out of the average ASP. It wasn't a significant portion of the total volume but it was a piece of it. But there are shipments from India, in particular, that are being sold into the U.S. market that are included in that average ASP. I wouldn't say all that dissimilar from our normal mix of domestic versus international but there is some in India volume that will be sold into the U.S. market that's captured in the bookings for the quarter. The -- one thing I want to make sure is that when we go back and talk about pricing environment, what I would say is what we saw going into last earnings call, we had an earnings call in Feb, pricing got really soft in the month of March, then we rolled through beginning of April and there was -- at that time, it was an indication of the AD and CVD action against Southeast Asia, the new trade initiative that happened in early April. And then we started to see prices firm up. And then we ended up closing out on a reasonable amount of volume in that earnings call that we announced in May. But my comment that I even said last time was that some of that -- my point was the $0.03 to $0.04 was from also the weakness that we saw initially within the quarter that then firmed up. So I want to be clear, with adjusters we're at $0.33, $0.33 and change. I don't think we should be looking at that, that number is going to go up into above the mid-30s kind of range, right? So even -- to me, it's mid-30 as a cap and south of mid-30 in kind of where we ended up with the $0.336. I think that's kind of where we ought to be thinking about it. And it's going to ebb and flow any particular quarter, depending on what our mix is and what we're selling from domestic and international because domestic prices are higher than international. But I also want to make sure that we should not be thinking that we're going to at least in our mind, if we can sell through in a horizon that's that far out, under the current policy construct at those types of ASPs, we still find that to be extremely attractive. Now in a higher tariff environment which is why we're trying to be patient on our domestic product and what we're selling through at, then I think there's an increased opportunity for higher ASPs domestically. But that is all triggered by a potential change in administration and overall change to strategy around policy environment. So -- but anyway, that's how we should think about ASP. Around new CapEx, to me, it's all tethered back to the same policy conversation. Once we have a view and understanding what that policy environment is going to be like, then we can make a decision on how we want to proceed in that regard. And as I've indicated on prior calls, we're going to continue to do all the work we need to, to be ready. And once we're -- the understanding of the policy environment, we'll know which scenario we should go down.
Mark Widmar: Yes. Look, I think what we tried to highlight in the call is that there is externalities right now that create some amount of uncertainty. And one is, obviously, the political environment, we spend a lot of time around that. The other is clearly the significant overcapacity that we continue to see unabated from China and we're just trying to continue to highlight that and also emphasize why there's -- it's so important for us to be very aggressive on a trade policy standpoint, whether here in the U.S. or in India or even actions and initiatives we're trying to do in the EU, right? So we think those are all important things that everyone needs to be mindful of. The one -- as it relates to whether this calls into question our backlog, those 2 are not calling into question the risk of our backlog from a contractual standpoint, right? Now if for some reason, there's a new policy environment, the Republicans were to getting into control and they eliminated the tech-neutral ITC or minimized it, reduced it, that could have an impact on our viability of our customers' projects and their associated returns. I mean, clearly, that's going to have a ramification to First Solar because now project fundamentals have modified. There's no view of that per se happening but it's an indication of when we go through the political uncertainty or the election process that we're going to be going through and if there's a Republican control, there's a number of things that could be addressed as part of the IRA that may or may not have any potential implications on us. We're just trying to highlight that as such. So no impact on the backlog from that standpoint but for some dramatic pivot or change into the market. The one we are trying to highlight is that we had -- look, this is not news. You can go and look at a lot of oil and gas majors, large oil and gas majors. And they are assessing viability of project returns in solar and deployment of capital and allocation of capital. We had a European power utility company that was on our books for over 1 gigawatt of volume. They end up taking 600 megawatts or so of that volume and then terminating about 400 megawatts of that volume because they have made a decision to exit the U.S. market. That happens. But as we said in the last call, the good thing about that is on the side of that equation is somebody acquiring their development portfolio happens to be a long-term First Solar customer who is 100% sole source to our technology. So it's a good thing long term. It creates near-term disruption. This customer already had the framework agreement with us. So near term, they don't need incremental modules to build out that development pipeline which they're acquiring. But longer term, that just further establishes us with a higher penetration of market share. The -- we also highlighted in India, there was a large oil and gas major who, while it was not a booking, it was a contract that we have that they're now selling the business. And as a result of that, there's a termination associated with it. They've got a 30-day period in which to cure it. If they don't, then they're going to pay us a termination payment. So there's things that are happening that are around us that we're just trying to make sure people understand that as these large multinational companies either invest or further accelerate their investments or decide to decelerate, it could have an impact on us. In the backdrop to all this other stuff happening, we have others like the Brookfields of the world who are acquiring developers. So they're on the other side of the equation. They're making acquisitions here in the U.S., they're making acquisitions in India and so on and even in Europe and we have relationship with them as well. So there's just this intermix of the stuff happening right now we thought it was important that people understood. It shouldn't be a surprise, especially as large oil and gas majors they've been highlighting this CEO changes, other things that have happened and the assessment of ultimate deployment of capital and where solar fits in that strategy. So Chevron, the last one you highlighted. Look, I don't think -- at least the interpretation that I continue to get from my team is probably very little impact. A lot of the IRA and some of the guidance associated with the IRA where tax regs and tax rules generally not really in kind of the bull's eye of where you would focus on from the Chevron deference. And so I don't think there's any significant exposure. We know there are some concerns maybe around hydrogen and some of the other interpretations that were provided. But at least as it relates to domestic content or the manufacturing tax credit and those types of things, we don't see Chevron impacting that at this point in time.
