James Alton Hughes: Yeah, Vishal, I think I made the comment that while we're getting increasing confidence with respect to volumes, I think it's still a little early for us to have a firm view on margins. And primarily because with respect to the Systems business, that's going to be dependent upon ultimate realization of those projects, which is going to depend upon the relevant discount rates and/or cost of capital. And with the dislocation we've seen in markets recently, I think my frank view is that through the end of this year there's going to be a degree of uncertainty on that. So I don't think we would want to comment. I think as we move into 2016, the capital markets should calm down and we should begin to get some visibility into where those discount rates are going to end up and that will give us better visibility into the margins on the Systems business.
James Alton Hughes: Yes. And on the other, while clearly we benefited from a project that's been part of the portfolio for a long time and everybody is known about, the operational performance this quarter clearly extends well beyond that. That's clearly had no impact upon the bookings side of the equation, which was the strongest quarter in our history from that standpoint. In terms of can we continue to drive margin and competitiveness through cost reductions? As I have stated regularly that's the religion around here and we have a cost roadmap that we remain committed to that extends well beyond where we are today. We've never backed away from that roadmap, and we've continued to hit the roadmap that we laid out several years ago. Further, we continue to spend robustly on R&D and we continue to build opportunities that will allow that roadmap to extend beyond the commitments that we have today, particularly outside of the module and into the balance of system. And then at the corporate level we continue to have a focus on growing the business, while at the same time getting leaner. And so we want to see our OpEx come down, not only on a unit basis but also on an aggregate basis, and so given how radically we've changed the business, the fact that we've maintained cost control from an OpEx standpoint I think is a notable accomplishment for the organization. So there's no doubt on our part that we have the ability to continue to drive competitiveness and not in some narrow fashion but broadly across the entire business, being very reflective of the decision to be vertically integrated and to give us the ability to target all aspects of the value chain.
James Alton Hughes: So I'll tackle the first – the Southeast. I think there's a broad set of reasons. It has less to do with state RECs and more to do with cost structures getting down to a point where they represent a compelling value within the energy mix in that part of the country. As I've consistently said, there is a broad awakening on the part of utilities to the value that solar represents, and in particular as they look forward to the Clean Power Plan, as they look forward to constraints on the ability to operate existing coal plants or construct new coal plants, they see an increasing shift towards natural gas and accordingly a significant exposure to natural gas commodities. And while natural gas is very, very inexpensive today, everybody remains cautious and worried about future increases in that commodity. So it's broadly the ability to diversify their generation mix into a technology that is cost effective and affordable in the context of today's prices and also offers a significant hedge against future commodity prices. I think that it's that broad package of characteristics that is really what is compelling people to procure and utilities in particular to include photovoltaic in their generation mix. Your other question...
James Alton Hughes: On the efficiency. So there won't be a step function because when we, again, we will continue to be working. We're continuously working from an R&D standpoint, but when it comes to implementation of each new advance, you can't initiate it across the entire fleet at the same time, and we're also very cautious about implementing too many advances in a single moment, because you have a great deal of difficulty. It's more challenging to track and determine that it is performing at production scale exactly the way you anticipated, and to make sure that from a quality standpoint you're delivering what you promised. So there's a risk management aspect to how many new advances you can throw into each iteration of the product. So you will see it go from flat to back to a relatively steep curve in terms of the advances, but I wouldn't describe it as a step function.
James Alton Hughes: The reason for going international is that the last two and half decades that I've spent in the power industry have taught me that the power industry tends to be cyclical on a regional basis. Oftentimes those cycles tend to be non-correlated, and if you want to build a smooth, steadier business profile, you need to participate in multiple geographies, multiple economies, so that you have the ability to shift to whatever happens to be the area of greatest need. So it says less about the U.S. and more about the desire to grow, the desire to diversify the markets in which we can play. It also speaks to the fact that as our product has improved, as our efficiency has improved, as our spectral response has improved, we're just increasingly competitive across a broader set of geographies and that makes it possible for us to go out and compete in these geographies. So it's not one single discrete reason. It's part of a broader strategy to build what we believe will be a robust, growing, and steady business in the future.
James Alton Hughes: First, on the commercial and industrial front, we do have some customers that are integrators and developers that will use our modules on commercial and industrial rooftops. It's not a gigantic focus, but there are some volumes. I think on ground-mount commercial and industrial, we see a robust set of opportunities. It's very hard for us to differentiate in the sales chain with a lot of our developers between utility direct purchases and purchases that are bilateral to commercial and industrial customers. Those two business classes look and feel exactly the same to us, there's not a big distinction. But we know there is a fair bit of it out there in the contracts that have been booked and signed recently. In terms of what levers do we pull other than the module, it's the balance of System. And it's all aspects of the balance of System from the structures to materials to material costs, to the means and methods of construction. When you look across labor and materials, they are both significant contributors to the balance of System cost. And we're spending a lot of time and effort on reducing labor, not just in terms of labor rate, but actually changing the means and methods of construction to reduce the number of actions and amount of time it takes to install, and reducing materials on the rest of the balance of Systems. So it's all about the balance of System when you get past the module.
James Alton Hughes: Clearly there's a number of YieldCos that have indicated that at this point in time that they don't anticipate being aggressive or acquisitive in looking for projects. In some cases, they've indicated it could be over in the next year, it could be longer. But we have historically not sold to YieldCos or traditional tax equity structures. We've chosen to partner strategic with tax capacity. And so I would say that part of the market is still very robust, as you can see with our ability to sell down Stateline with Southern. Now what that means, though, is that more and more people will be looking to try to engage with the Dominions, the Southerns, the Berkshires, you can go on down the line, because they may be the most active buyers in the market. And what position of strength that we're in is that we have very strong relationships with a number of those parties. They obviously love the First Solar brand, they love the First Solar relationships, the level of comfort. And so I'm sure that there will be some impact in the market. I think we're in a fortunate position because we have very strong relationship with a number of those parties. But the other thing I would say is that these assets are very attractive. There's a number of parties that want to have solar assets, long-dated contracted assets with investment-grade counterparties, and the ability to acquire – or what will come to market in 2016 relative to potentially what could be in the market in 2017 and 2018 is there's a window that may be closing in terms of the number of projects that can be acquired. And I would expect at least a lot of our traditional buyers, strategic with tax capacity, it will be very aggressive throughout 2016.
James Alton Hughes: So let's step back to development on the international side. So we look at each market discretely. One of the I think learnings over the last several years is that you cannot generalize about even within the same region, even neighboring countries, oftentimes you can't generalize about what the business mix for us is going to look like. So the way we think about development is, if we do development, we want to get paid for it, and when we say that, what that means is, is that we want to earn a return that's above and beyond whatever we believe the margin or Module Plus type of entitlement would be, if we're going to engage in the development process. And there are markets where we go and we see the opportunity to get paid for being a developer. And there are markets where we absolutely do not see that opportunity. So when you look across the world, Japan is a market where we have felt that we can get paid for being a developer, and we're very active in the development. India is a market where we feel we can get paid for being a developer, and we are active as a developer. What the difference is there are capital constraints in India that don't exist in other markets, that limits how much development we're going to be able to do. So we also were very aggressive on the module and Module Plus front in India. As we look at new and different markets around the world, there is an initial process that it takes us a little while to get on the ground and spend enough time in the market to really figure out whether there's an entitlement that's going to justify development. I think it's fair to say that at this point, our method of operation is let's lead with the module and then as we begin to establish a market share, get some resource on the ground and get a greater understanding of the market. We'll look hard at whether we think there's a development opportunity. But I don't think you can generalize, I don't think you could say, oh, all of the incremental demand internationally is going to be module only. That's certainly not what we're thinking about it, but I also think it's safe to say it's not all going to be development. Development is OpEx intensive. It is always complicated in a new market, and so we can only take on so many new markets at a time without driving our OpEx to unacceptable levels. And so it's going to be a balance between, okay, let's take the OpEx resources that we chose to live within, and let's apply those in the markets where we're going to get the greatest bang for our buck from a development standpoint, and then let's go with a lesser scope in other markets where we can capture market share on an OpEx light basis, admittedly at probably a lower margin, but still accretive to the overall outcome for the company.
James Alton Hughes: Quite frankly, the front-month of natural gas doesn't really enter into the discussions. All of our conversations in the U.S. are 25-year – between 15-year and 30-year PPAs. So the utilities are looking in their integrated resource planning at their long-term curves, and I don't think their longer-term analysis has changed. If you assume that these low prices are going to pull rig counts down, when you look at the production cost and stack up the basins against that production cost, I think everybody gets to the same kind of levels when you get out 5 years to 10 years, and that is the point on the curve that is more impactful. If you got to a position in the United States where people believe that $2.50 gas prices were going to be the norm for the next 15 years, then I think that might change the discussion. But I don't think that's what people have in their mind at this point.
Mark R. Widmar: The other thing I would say, Vishal, is that the portion of that business on the Systems side, those that are projects that have CODs that are towards the latter part of this decade, which we've demonstrate with our past that when we are able to get control of assets with long-dated contracting periods like that with PPAs that are off into the horizon, that we've been able to increase significant value over that horizon as it relates to benefits that we've seen through introduction of our technology and other enhancements that we've made. So we feel confident with the large long-term margin capture that we'll capture on those assets. It's just a matter of, as Jim indicated, understanding how cost of capital evolves and how things in the market evolve over the next year or so. We'll probably get a better picture for how we've realized margin on those assets out further in the decade.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah, Ben. It's Mark. I'll take the YieldCo question and let Jim take the Stateline question. From YieldCo's standpoint, as we said on the 8point3 call a month or so ago, is both sponsors at this point in time are committed to the dropdowns that we would envision in the first half of 2016. We've also indicated that we do not have a need to raise capital at this point in time. We've left enough capacity in 8point3 to manage those anticipated dropdowns with the revolver, the late draw on the term loan plus the accordion features that we have embedded in the term structure. So what I would say we're still moving forward and we believe we'll be able to drop down those assets to create the right value equation to the sponsors and create accretion to 8point3. We'll continue to evaluate how the equity trades over time and we'll continue to assess how we would structure assets beyond, say, the first half of 2016. As we said before, we may look to put leverage on these assets, which would then allow us to create a levered yield to the 8point3 shareholder that is accretive. So there's other structuring options that we do have and we're continuing to look at, but beyond the first half of 2016, we would say we're committed on the dropdowns. We'll continue to evaluate the market and ensure that the dropdowns makes sense in the latter half of 2016.
Mark R. Widmar: The other thing I would say is that, if you look at it, we took the guidance up as we indicated by about a $1, call it $0.35 or so of that being operational. None of that $0.35 had anything to do with Stateline. So if you want to look at it discreetly, we've always said that there's been lumpiness around the timing of revenue recognition in the Systems business in particular. You can look at it and say there was strength in the quarter supported by Stateline, but as it relates to the upside to the year, the operational benefit is not reflective of Stateline.
Mark R. Widmar: And I think just the other question you had on the returns, I look at it as a portfolio. So every region, every market has its own unique, I'll call it, margin entitlement for solar in general in terms of what it's competing against in terms of alternative sources of energy, other dynamics around how competitive our technology may be in a specific market given hot climate conditions, given humidity, given spectral response, given fuse lite (37:51). So if you look at it from a portfolio standpoint and you'll find in some markets the returns that we would see are a multiple higher than what we would see here in the U.S. In some markets they may be lower than what we see in the U.S., but on average, I would say that we're finding very robust returns that are comparable and generally could be stronger than U.S. Again, you have to look at it on a market-by-market basis, though
Mark R. Widmar: No, so what that is the other – and it's actually $0.60. I think we said approximately $1.00. I think the actual midpoint is probably $0.95. But $0.60 is the end-of-life obligation liability change. So it's based off a change in estimate. If you tax effect that benefit, it's around $0.60. The other $0.35 is just true operational performance. About $0.20 or so, $0.25 of it sits up in cost of goods sold as we're seeing continued improvements around costs per watt. Our engineering, EPC business and our overall ability to drive costs of our balance of system is improving better than we had anticipated, and then as Jim indicated, we're increasingly focused on managing our operating expenses. So we brought that down by another $0.10 or so. So it's a combination of great performance around manufacturing, EPC and then managing our operating expenses.
Mark R. Widmar: I think the other thing to point out in that regard, though, is that the balance of System is synergistic to the module. So as we drive up the efficiency of the module effectively, it reduces the variable balance of System that is needed to install every megawatt of energy that we put into the system. So you can't look at them in isolation. As we continue to drive efficiency up, it will naturally drive down the balance of System costs, and that will help us move towards the cost roadmap that we've laid out.
Mark R. Widmar: The way we structured Stateline is very comparable to the way that we structured some of our other assets where we sold the majority interest. So the structure is the same. Again the tax attributes are being monetized, 51% of the cash flows go with the majority owner, and then the 49% of the cash flows would come to First Solar, and again that's over the flip horizon, after the flip horizon that the tax and the cash are split the same way. At this point in time, Stateline is a (51:59) asset for 8point3 and we anticipate to achieve COD for Stateline in Q3 of 2016. We'll continue to evaluate the market, assuming the market economics makes sense and clearly that would be the intent of what we would do is we would drop Stateline into 8point3.
