Jim Hughes: So, yes. Desert Sunlight currently has, the COD we anticipate to complete a portion of project by the end of the '14, the other portion may fall in early 2015 based on the COD. But it largely assumes the balance of the revenue will happen that in 2014. Silver State South, while we will start to begin construction in 2014, at the latter part of 2014, and it's not clear that at this point in time that we will have achieved all of the revenue recognition criteria to start recognizing revenue for Silver State South in '14. However we will see some initial production volume and there will be some construction activity but probably very little, if any, revenue or earnings for Silver State South next year.
Jim Hughes: I think the other thing to add around that is that as you take that 14.1% and you try to hit and triangulate that to what was on the roadmap, the 14.1% would point you to a low $0.50 type number. If you take that and you apply that our best line, in particular we are going to be in low 50s. If we take the additional impact of excluding freight warranty and recycling cost, we would be in the low 40s, so I think that's kind of the competitive benchmark that we should all keep in front of us. We have the capability today, 14 one which we sort of equate to on an apples to apples comparison across profile the low $0.42 to $0.43.
Jim Hughes: The best plan right now is 39. I think our guidance from the exit rate are of our best line is 14%. In my comment that I made is that over the next few quarters we will get everything up to 39 or north of that, so you can start to see us on a fleet average in the 14% maybe a little bit above 14% in the first half of next year which all supports again a low $0.50-type cost per watt and that's all consistent with what we showed in the Analyst Day.
Jim Hughes: In terms of TetraSun we continue to validate and produce pilot product and continue to develop our plans for that product or we don't have any material announcements at this time and we will talk about more about it as we get into the early part of next year.
Jim Hughes: Sure. I will cover the first. Then Mark can layer in some detail. In terms of the acquisition, once we make a portfolio acquisition how we characterize those projects in terms of being in the opportunity set or being a booking. We used the same standards and rules that we have always applied, so there will be a mixture of impacts as we bring those portfolios in. In terms of the yield curve thought, where we continue to monitor the market performance of the entities that have gone public, most notably NRG Yield and Pattern Energy. We continue to analyze the benefit, the potential benefit and the potential issues associated with doing something similar or so and I will make at this point, we don't have any firm conclusions. We think it's very interesting and healthy for the industry. How and if we participate at something we are still looking at and don't have any firm conclusions that have been reached at this point.
Jim Hughes: I missed the first part of your statement. Could you just - you were cut off from the very beginning.
Jim Hughes: No. What we have said is that we will retain the flexibility to hold project until we believe we have reached a point in time where we can sell them for an optimal mix of value creation and risk reduction. Silver State South was a negotiation that has been going on for a great long period of time with an established customer and we felt like that the opportunity to extract further value didn't really present itself without taking incremental risk and it was the appropriate decision. At the same time that we were making the decision to sell that asset, there are other assets that we have decided to hold little closer to the commercial operation day. So we merely added. We have not drawn an absolute line in the sand as to when we are going to monetize the asset. We have merely said that we are going to be flexible. We are going to have the flexibility to look at different options which, we believe, enhances our ability to create value with each individual asset.
Jim Hughes: So the way we have broken it out is it is about $0.40 delta to the midpoint of the guidance. $0.25 of that is operational. $0.15 is Desert Sunlight. If you look at the tax rate impact to the and which is included in the operational, it is less than $0.05 in the range of $0.04 to $0.05. So if you want to break it out, 20% operational excluding tax, tax is about $0.04 to $0.05 and then the balance of it $0.15 would be the favorable revenue mix primarily driven by Desert Sunlight.
Jim Hughes: Both of it is gross margin, so again it's somewhat the favorable benefit on our cost per watt, so it is also significant savings and benefits on our project costs plans so we have a number of material projects we have been successful in increasing or improving overall savings and productivity through our supply chain through labor productivity through other initiatives that are driving down the cost and delivering those projects.
Jim Hughes: Yes. We will give, that's the reason why we want to get to a point where we can have another Analyst Day again do that in early March. We will go a lot more detail in that regard. I would like to say that, we are very pleased with progress that we have made so far on all fronts and we will give you additional insight to some of those opportunities and progress that we made as we talk to you in early March.
Jim Hughes: Yes. There are in the range of hundreds of millions of dollars, let's just put it that way that are kind of the projects that have revenue recognition that is linked to commercial operation for us other condition and so we are uncertain it will be able to achieve all of those elements over the next 60 days basically. What we wanted to do is to be balanced the best way to say with what we provide the guidance, we also did give you an indication if things break the right way that we potentially see the revenue recognized in 2013, but we did want to be seeking our head out of window a little bit with 60 days left into the year. Didn't feel like it was worth doing. We wanted to come with a view that was balanced and one that we feel comfortable with delivering again.
Jim Hughes: There is no one individual project. That's a large number of individual transactions, including some module along with sales, so there is not one or a series that we could point to. That's a large number of much smaller transactions that contributes to that number.
Mark Widmar: So we have not given specific economics on any of the recently announced projects but we look forward in the economics on the opportunity that we are currently bidding are consistent with the range of what we previously guided to which would be in the 15% to 20%. So without getting into details, each transaction could vary from those specific targets, but in general the average is still within that range. The cost opportunities that we now have highlighted are largely in line with our cost reduction roadmaps that we have previously communicated. We may see a little bit of an acceleration on the cost per watt profile that I don't anticipate will have a material impact in the short-term.
Mark Widmar: The 14.1%, if you refer back to our Analyst Day material, basically that is all in the cost roadmap that we laid out and it's merely executing right to schedule what we presented. So there is not anything new or changed in terms of the cost roadmap. This is merely a validation that we are executing to that cost roadmap as it was disclosed in the Analyst Day. In terms of the balance of system, we continue to make progress on the balance of system cost, both as a result of increasing efficiency and as a result of reducing cost in the balance of system itself. And again, that remains on the trajectory that we outlined at the Analyst Day. Everything, we are executing basically to the projections that we set out earlier in the year.
Mark Widmar: Yes. I will take that one and I will let Jim talk to about TetraSun. Yes. The improvement in the gross margin and there is a favorable mix shift Desert Sunlight being a portion of that, but there is also a favorable benefit on the cost profile, especially on some of our project cost plans that is driving a portion of that benefit. One of the things that we tried to highlight was that if the EPS changed, the mid-point increased to $0.40, $0.45 of that was operational, and so make sure people clearly understand that the other $0.15 is a mix benefit, but 25% is operational which is a combination of a better cost profile on the module and a better overall cost profile on our key projects.
Mark Widmar: Then on the Desert Sunlight, yes, there will be some impact of additional revenue this year on Desert Sunlight that will impact 2014, well that is also in our guidance project that we will be moving out of 2013 into 2014. So if you look at it on balance between the two years there is slight downward pressure with Desert but not a material change, given the little bit of revenue out in '13 into '14.
Mark Widmar: I think you are referring to, your question is referring to the end of life adjustment and the impact discreetly to the quarter. I won't get into to the details of what impact it has to the quarter. There is a lot of moving pieces in any given quarter, things that are positive, things that are negative. I think the right way here to look at it is though, is what impact does it have to our full year guidance and if you look at it and comprehensively with all of the other moving pieces that are impacting gross margin, it has a nominal impact to our full year guidance, relative to what we last talked about from that perspective. So no significant change from that perspective
