Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah, that's right. So, there's no change to the economics. It's just an accounting change due to transactions, tax equity and cash equity now recognize both together. So, it just creates higher revenue, but doesn't change the overall economics.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah. So, Brian, I mean, we've been following the project and we've now, we feel, got enough operational data to make a better determination of long-term prospects for the project. So, Barilla was originally developed to penetrate the Texas market and to be a test like for new technologies. We constructed it with lower bin module, so we had a higher installed cost there than we might otherwise have had, and it's given us some benefits around our ability to win the East Pecos deal, and launch of our 1,500-volt architecture. But we looked at it now and based on where we see declining spot pricing at the moment and given the recent operational edge, we felt now is the right time to write that down.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah, Krish. Apologies for not hearing that, but if you look to the numbers we gave in the guidance call we gave in November, we guided to a CapEx per watt there. And you can look at that relative to the numbers we've given historically around Series 4, and look at those two in find a relative number on depreciation.
Alexander R. Bradley: And, Krish (sic) [Vishal], as it relates to tax, so I mean, firstly, our guidance today is based on current tax policy, and assumes no changes to that. If you look at it on a project level, the two key drivers to value there are going to be ITC and depreciation. On the ITC side, I think it's unlikely we'll see any change. If you look at the last time the extension came through, it was supported strongly on a bipartisan basis for that extension. Renewables has been responsible for a pretty significant job creation and it already has a finite term. So, if you look at history around tax credit elimination, normally you see a transition period. So, we would expect that there'll be no change to the current ITC schedule. On the depreciation on makers side, who knows what that change will be. It's hard to estimate, but we expect any change there would be offset by a corresponding change in tax rates. What I will say from a structuring perspective is that the uncertainty does create some challenges. There are players in the market who are still open to doing business. So, we don't see an issue with getting tax equity on deals, but there may be changes to the amount of tax equity going into deal to the structures and perhaps to the risk profile the tax equity is looking at in the short term. But we don't see any issue with raising tax capacity, tax capital at the moment.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. I'll take, I guess, on the guidance side. So, Paul, I think one of the things that we will highlight is that the bookings momentum that we're starting to see now, and again as we highlighted in the prepared remarks that, there was a period of time that we were practically out of price position, doing a little bit of price discovery in the marketplace to really understand where the market clearing price was going to be. I mean, it was a very significant disruptive decline in module ASPs and starting in July. And what that did is, is resulted in lower bookings momentum really through towards the latter half of 2016. And we've seen significant momentum moving forward, we just recently booked since the beginning of this year over 400 megawatts. And so, what that means is, this going to position a lot more volume, the module shipment volumes that we had anticipated is going to be positioned towards the second half of the year. So, part of it is that. The other piece is, is that, the current profile of the timing of the revenue recognition on our systems business will be more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year. So, I have confidence in terms of our profile from the standpoint of the book business that we have right now. We have a very strong booked module volume at this point in time, given that what we've now been able to book over the last, call it, four, five months, plus what we have contracted now for the systems business and where we are and in that side of the house, we feel very confident with. Now, all that what I would say is, the wildcard that could influence that will still end up being the sell down of our systems business. We're largely on our way with our Playa negotiations right now on our switch project. CA Flats, we're still moving forward with that. And so, the timing of that could impact the second half volume ramp that we're anticipating, but again that is just a movement of an economics that could shift from third and fourth quarter or potentially fall into the beginning of 2018, but as always said, the system business can be little lumpy. It doesn't impact overall economics, it's just timing associated with that. And like I said, is there some risk to that, but other than that, we feel highly confident with the balance of the year forecast.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. So, we were in active and ongoing discussions with SCE as it relates to Tribal Solar. The issue is not with SCE. The issue is ultimately with the tribe and their desire for completion of the project on tribal land. Initially, they granted the option and their consent for the construction of the project on their reservation. Because of cultural issues and evolution of changes of certain leaders within the tribe and momentum from the balance of the constituents, there was a change in the support for the project. We tried to resolve those issues. We could not successfully do that. We had also had incurred a relatively small increase to the original cap on the network upgrades. We effectively used that. Given we were unsuccessful in our ability to influence the tribe to support the project, and without their support, we would not be able to complete the project. We effectively use that provision under the cap of the interconnection agreement effectively or the upgrade to the network to result in a termination of the PPA. It's a unique situation. We don't have any other similar situations. We've done other projects with, for example our Moapa project was on tribal land. We had no issues working in with the tribe, the Moapa tribe. The current situation that we had there was more of a challenging environment, and it resulted in unfortunately the termination of that PPA. The balance of the projects that we have with SCE, none of them are on tribal land, and we have full commitment and support with SCE for those projects.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. I think in the accounting world, Brian, you may know, I mean, there's obviously the triggering events. And one of them is, do you have a potential impairment and is that impairment other than temporary, right. And even though there was indications through there are the operations of the asset, at that point in time, it was unclear whether or not the potential risk of an impairment was going to be permanent in nature, and what has ended up happening given where the current power prices are and how we see that evolving in the near-term, it trigged an event that says, yes, now we believe that the impairment is other than temporary. It also is, as Alex indicated is that, we did use low bin modules. This was really was viewed more as an R&D in endeavor, and to use that as an opportunity to continue to test new products and whether it's modules, whether it's inverters, whether it's other components within the architecture, we'll continue to use that site for that. So, there inherently will be value there. So, I look at this as, it's mainly just it's an accounting item. We'll continue to sell the power that's being generated off that asset, but from a book value standpoint, we had to write it down.
Mark R. Widmar: First off, as it relates to each market on an ASP basis, I would argue that the relative baseline of crystalline silicon prices relatively consistent globally. But again, where we can capture better value is selling into markets where we have an inherent energy advantage and capture the value of that energy that's being generated and we can price at a premium. So, if you look at the bookings that we've recognized this quarter, I would say, there's a number of them, module-only sales that we were able to capture reasonably meaningful premium to where crystalline silicon is pricing at this point in time, because we've sold the products into geographies where there is inherent energy advantage and we capture that. When you saw the module pricing decline as rapidly as we did and starting in July, I think it's very prudent to go and continue to test it and to see where the prices are starting to settle out at. We have started to see prices settle a little bit. They seem to be in a relatively consistent range when we think about not only within the U.S., but globally. And so, we've just adjusted to that market pricing and we're continuing to go on and sell the value of the energy and we've been successful in doing that and starting to show up in our bookings. Now, granted, yes, with the margin that we're realizing on the Series 4 product be at a lower margin than we would look to as a long-term entitlement, clearly it should, because as we've highlighted, the reason we're transitioning into Series 6 is because of the smaller form factor of Series 4, which in different regions of the world can result in a BoS penalty that could be in the range of $0.06 to $0.08. So, that's a meaningful delta, plus Series 6 comes at a much lower cost profile. And as we highlighted in our last call that Series 6 will have a profile that's in the range of 40% lower than Series 4. So, when you capture the energy yield advantage, slightly higher efficiency product in Series 6 versus Series 4 at a much lower cost profile. Well, yes, it's a very challenging market, having a Series 6 product in this market environment, we couldn't be better positioned.
Mark R. Widmar: So, look, I think the relative stability of the market is always going to be determined by supply and demand. And there's obviously triggering events similar to what we saw in the 2016, whereas it relates to the second half of 2016 where there was a pretty significant disruption of demand, primarily because of tremendous build out of solar in the first half of 2016 in China. That risk profile will exist on a perpetual basis. Whenever we get into an imbalance of supply, demand to the extent a particular geography that is a meaningful component of the overall global demand perspective, starts to see a shift or a decline, then they always are going to be subject to these volatile times, and ASPs can change very quickly. What we're seeing right now is a relatively stable environment, but it could change very quickly similar to what it did in 2016. So, we'll have to keep a watch on that. And what we have said before, our assumption in long term is that this perpetual oversupply will exist, that our competitors will continue to sell at or below cash costs in order to run their factories as efficiently as possible. And we just have to create a product platform, which is why we're transitioning to Series 6 that will enable us sustain that very challenging market environment; sell the value of the energy, capture the cost entitlement of the product and compete in, even though what some would argue, is an unsustainable market environment. It may be for some of our crystalline silicon competitors, but we need to create a business model that can sustain that type of environment. As it relates to the depreciation for Series 6 versus Series 4, I'll let Alex take that question. So, anyway, I guess, Alex didn't hear the entire question. So, on Series 6, the depreciation, you could look at it from the standpoint of the CapEx is approximately half of Series 4. So, from a greenfield standpoint, and given that we are actually doing a brownfield expansion for Series 6, we're going to see a lower depreciation expense. We haven't given the exact number, but you can envision that it will be at a lower CapEx – or depreciation expense, excuse me, than the Series 4 product, just largely because the CapEx per watt is lower.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. I'll take the Series 6 cost and I'll let Alex take the tax administration discussion. So, yes, I mean, we're very happy with where we're trending right now from a CapEx perspective. As you would envision, there are many, many different variables that ultimately are going to impact the final cost profile for Series 6. Throughput yield will impact that as well. A lot of things that we have to continue to move forward. We're very encouraged with what we're seeing so far, and obviously having a lower CapEx per watt is obviously a very good indicator of the opportunity set. I would say the challenge that we have right now, the one that we need to stay as aggressively focused on as possible for Series 6 is really going to be our bill of material cost. So, we need to continue to drive down our bill of material cost. We have our roadmap to make that happen. There is a lot of work, though, to ensure that we can get there. And we're going to have to work aggressively in leveraging and negotiating and partnering with our suppliers to ensure that we can do that. So, encouraged by the CapEx early indications, but obviously a long way to go to actually achieve and potentially even do better than our expectations around the Series 6 cost profile.
Mark R. Widmar: I think your question around our guidance, and I think Alex mentioned this in the prepared remarks in the script, our guidance assumes there is no change. It's just too speculative at this point in time to make any significant assumptions as what could happen. Way too many moving pieces, so we're assuming that effectively all the components whether it's the ITC, whether it's the depreciation, interest expense deductibility, we're assuming all that stays as is.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. So, I mean, it's a good question. It's one of the things that we highlighted. So, today, we spent a lot of time talking through the product readiness and what we're doing in that regard. The next call, Q1, we'll talk more from a market readiness standpoint, and there is a lot that needs to be done in that regard, right, in terms of understanding the spec, developing what we refer to as a PAN file that ultimately is used to do the energy prediction. There's engagement with independent engineers, right, that they have to be involved with as well, so they can help provide kind of that third-party voice to our customers, and as it relates to the product and its performance and quality standards and everything else. So, there is a lot that we need to do. What I will tell you is that there's been a tremendous response so far from our customers. Actually, I was talking with one of them yesterday as well and everyone wants to be a launch for Series 6. Now, the way we've described it to a lot of our customers is, the vast majority. And if you look at our, what we'll report in our 10-K, which will be filed tonight and be available tomorrow, we're going to show close to 2 gigawatts of projects in our contracted pipeline. Now, some of that is near-term, some of that will be Series 4, but really, easily can look at that pipeline and there's going to be north of 1-gigawatt on a DC basis of opportunities for Series 6, given the timeline of those projects. The second half of 2018, we'll be producing 1-gigawatt of Series 6. So, the early production will go to our own projects. So, we're really talking about having the opportunity to sell through Series 6 starting in the 2019 timeframe. Now, module-only activity in bids aren't really happening today per se out in that horizon. Some markets, yes; for the vast majority, no. Development opportunities will start to happen out in that horizon. So, we can use that Series 6 and the leverage of Series 6 to bid into development assets as well in a longer dated horizon. So, we do expect and we do have pipeline. We highlighted in today's call, we've got at least in mid-to-late stage negotiations about 500 megawatts right now of Series 6. That all should drive momentum. Hopefully, we'll realize in some of those bookings as we progress throughout the year, but the pipeline will continue to build. We'll start to see bookings for Series 6 in the second half of the year, but we clearly would expect a much stronger activity around confirmed bookings for Series 6 as we get into 2018.
