Mark Widmar: Yes, so, I'll take one, I guess. And in terms of -- as Alex included in his remarks, our plan is to be patient. The opportunities are there. You can see it, the pipeline of opportunities that we represent, both mid-to-late and obviously the early-stage pipeline. Separating U.S. from India, you're going to continue to see bookings in India, clearly. As we indicated, we've got a conversion that will happen of those contracted subject to CP. So, that's going to continue on a cadence that you would expect, call it hundreds of megawatts, maybe a gigawatt on any particular quarter to sell through that and to position for 2024. So, you'll see that momentum continuing. As it relates to the U.S., our strategy of being patient is largely how we're going to engage the market in conversations with our customers. I am very happy with the bookings that we showed up with this last quarter, great ASPs, good counterparties, technology adders associated with it. So, and feathered into a period of time that's very constructive for us, so a lot of that volume goes out into '27, '28, and '29, and touches '30 even. So, happy from that standpoint. We've got, right now, we got a short window between now and the next earnings call, so you could see maybe a period of softness there outside of the volume that we would expect to continue to recognize for India. But I've got ongoing commercial conversations right now for north of three gigawatts of bookings here for shipments into the U.S. that are in late-stage negotiations. And actually as this call was ongoing, I got a text that about 10% of that now has been booked, and will reflect in next earnings call. So, the momentum is there, it's available to us. It's how we choose to engage. And our strategy is to try to maintain the ASPs and delivering the certainty that we provide to our customers. There's a lot going on right now when you step back and reflect. There's a whole policy environment and the issues that have to be resolved, and uncertainty, and there's potential change in the administration in D.C., which Alex highlighted as well. And if there was a Republican administration, how would they choose to engage. And there's all kinds of conversations on how they'd think through IRA, sure. But I don't think that they would be any less lenient on the Chinese, and I think they could get more aggressive in the potential trade barriers that our customers are concerned about. And so, they value the certainty of First Solar, and looking to de-risk their projects as far out as they can go. The other thing that's still driving some uncertainty in the marketplace is, as you've seen recently with on an IP standpoint, especially as the market has transitioned to TopCon. Gencos has indicated that they're going to have a strong IP position for TopCon and they're going to enforce that IP. You've seen Maxeon make statements as well that they've got an IP position around TopCon that they're also going to enforce. And as you know, there is a significant transition towards TopCon. So, our customers also have to think through freedom to operate with their counterparties around intellectual properties. So, there is a lot that they have to think through, and there's a lot of uncertainty outside of engaging with First Solar. And so, we'll be disciplined and measured in our negotiations. But I would not at all be surprised that, as we finish out this year, we'll be somewhere around a 1:1 book to bill, which will add 16 gigawatts or so, that was our shipment profile. I wouldn't be surprised if our bookings is somewhat in that ZIP code. And largely, that would fill out our pocket of opportunity in 2027, so we could exit this year with a comparable backlog that we have right now, and potentially have a very solid position going into through to 2027, and continuing to think about how we book out through the end of the decade.
Mark Widmar: Yes, so let me -- I'll start with your second one, and then I'll go back to the first one. Look, this 380 megawatts was to -- think of it almost as a one-off transaction that I think we booked two, three years ago, can't remember the exact timeframe it was for. And we specifically stated in the prepared remarks, it was for a corporate customer who basically was going to use it for self-generation, self-consumption, right, and then -- and ultimately was looking potentially not just from -- to potentially that were just beyond just the raw form of the electricity generation that it would provide. That customer has gone into some financial challenges that they're having to deal with. And so those megawatts are an obligation to the customer, we won't force the rights on the contract. We will also work with the customer to re-contract that if we -- if that opportunity is available to us. If not, then there's an obligation for them to take delivery, and then to pay for that. That particular project, it is a project that is cited in a state of permitting and I believe has an interconnection. That project asset itself is being marketed right now. And we'll see how successful that is to the extent that that transaction does happen, then the modules will go along with it, they'll be an assignment with -- given our consent, and we'll support that type of consent, again with the spirit of honouring -- enforcing rights underneath our contract. So, that one is that issue. So, to the other question, because I know you've asked this a couple of times about markets -- product that's out in the secondary market. There are customers who are challenged right now from a development standpoint as it relates to interconnection positions, it's something that you are very well aware of. Our contracts and our customers are aware of the fact that they need to take delivery of those modules. And when I'm talking about this, this is hundreds of megawatts. This is not a lot of volume in 2024. Their option is to find a warehouse and to put it into a warehouse or potentially they could look to try to transact with a third-party. We'll try to find the right possible outcome with our customers. We always have worked in the spirit of let's figure out a solution that can work, so, aware of that. I don't believe it will have any significant impact on our ability to continue to book any volumes that may be available in 2024, given schedule movements and those types of things. But we'll have to keep an eye on it. But I also just want to make sure that the one deal that we talked about was unique in its circumstances and is it necessary to reflect it with maybe the other opportunities that you were hearing about in the marketplace. As it relates to pricing and ASP and momentum, policy is clearly -- toggles back and forth and trends up and down, and right now, I think there is a lot of uncertainty from that standpoint. But the other thing I want to continue to try to emphasize is the value of certainty of First Solar and the value of our relationship and our value proposition. I was having a conversation with one of our largest partners just last week. And they couldn't be happier to be partnering with First Solar. And the attributes we're talking about, the strength of the technology, the certainty of First Solar, but it also gets into the responsible solar aspects as well and our carbon footprint and our water usage and our energy payback and our circular economy. And when you -- that's inherent to their value proposition that they're selling to their contracted off-take customers, like data centers, who value that as well. This work that we're doing around economic impact, no different than that, I mean, creating American jobs, and we being closely tethered to that, supporting, and investing back into America and American manufacturing, American technology, all that plays to our strengths. And so, yes, policy environment is helpful right now, but these other attributes are almost equally as important. And our partner said, basically, look, I know I may have to pay a little bit more for First Solar, but when I look at the brand and the certainty and the value proposition that they're creating, more than happy to do that. And this is a counterparty that is almost 80 plus percent, 100% sole source into First Solar, and we've got a deep relationship and multi-gigawatts of opportunity still in front of us. And I don't see this as a unique one-off. This is generally the engagement and conversations that we're having with our customers.
Mark Widmar: Yes, and I think we just tether back to, look, if we can achieve a one-to-one book-to-bill this year, largely sell through our open position in 2027, I think that would be a great result and position the company very well as we exit 2024.
