Mark Widmar: Yes, that product will be ideally suited for that type of application. So it's going to be highest efficiency, best energy profile and that would be - we would target segments as a market that will pay a premium for the efficiency and residential would be primary market for that. And so as further along and commercializing that and scaling up that technology. Yes, I think it expands in a market segment that today we historically not sold into. But there'll be other high efficiency markets that will love to in terms of land constraint and other challenges that you have to deal with where our efficiency product would be advantageous. But yes, residential would be one.
Mark Widmar: I've kind of alluded to this for a while. I mean we haven't really been - if the issue is tariffs on competition or tariffs on owned product. I mean assume, tariffs that were imposed on crystalline silicon, [indiscernible]. Unfortunately after the first 16 months [indiscernible] being implemented the tariff went away because the bifacial exemption and yes and that's been reinstated, I guess late last year. But most of what we had already sold really through from whenever it was June 2019 until now. It hasn't really been influenced by tariff, the 201 tariffs because of the bifacial exemption and product coming in from Southeast Asia into the US market without having to pay tariffs. The fact that it was then re-imposed late last year really didn't change much for us either because most of our 21 [ph] filing was already sold through at that point. We try to continue to manage and develop relationships and partnerships and even with the 201 were first imposed. It wasn't like we took that as an opportunity to gouge our customers. It doesn't service any good. We're still in the early innings of this industry and the relationships that we establish and the trust that we create with our partners will determine each of our success in over the next decades to come. So yes, they can influential. We do believe that they're important. But we also do believe that there's a need to have additional US manufacturing capabilities and tariffs can help enable that. But it's not something we feel that we would try to take advantage of. As it relates to, if our product were to be - a product that we import from Southeast Asia manufacture somehow would be subject to tariffs and we have provisions within our contracts to try to address those types of events and circumstances if they were to occur. My assumption from your question was just really more related to tariffs relative to our crystalline silicon competitors. It informs the thought around pricing. But we would never want to take it as an opportunity to gouge our customers.
Mark Widmar: Look again when we price those modules, they all aligned up to pro forma financials that would work for the end customers. Now to the extent that they have a price pressures that they're going to be seeing across their supply chain, not a cost increases and things like that yet. It potentially is that drive, thinner margins on their part. It could happen. But as we said before our pricing for our contracts our firm obligations would security behind them. We have not seen that event happening relative to issue our customers are incurring or there's any discussion in that regard. What we try to do, we try to find customers that they value the certainty of working with First Solar and also working with counterparties that we can trust as well and honoring against their commitment and we've been pretty successful in doing that. When things get evolved differently. But what I will say right now is, when you try to think through a balanced relationship and trying to ensure certainty that certainty has to go both ways, [indiscernible] gets our commitments and our customers to accept their commitment they made as well when they contract you for the modules.
Mark Widmar: So with the Sun Streams, the Sun Streams module volume when you say systems, was not part of the systems sales. I want to make sure that clear, right. So that was a module.
Mark Widmar: So the 29744 and Moses, I know it's not part of the actual number. But I also want to make sure, since you asked the question. The other gigawatt that we just booked today 3.9 was not at all tied to the systems business. So if you look at it, we've got 3.9 gigawatts that were booked since the last earnings call and about 707 megawatts would have been tied into business [ph].
Mark Widmar: Moses, can you repeat the question one more time? The weight I got that, make sure I understand your question.
Mark Widmar: What we're seeing right now because of large form factors, how we're seeing modules now that are like three square meters and alike, they're even shipping them vertically. Those cost of sales freight for those products are going to be much higher than where we're right now. So if you looked at where we would have been again for the - let's say the two-meter square form factor which was the standard before now there's variance all over the place. We would have been slightly higher and mainly because of we wait out on a container. So they would actually be able to get more modules onto a container than we would and they had a slightly higher efficiency. But now if you go to bifacial glass, larger form factor. What's actually happening is they're creating a disadvantage on a freight cost for themselves.
Mark Widmar: The other thing I would say Brian is that, there are lot of things that are in the mix now that will help continue to drive down the cost per watt. I mean part of this year is you got to remember we're taking a little bit of headwind around the impact of planned downtime as we made a number of upgrades before CuRe in particular. So that's costing us about half penny of watt or so that for the year. Now for into next year, we don't have as significant upgrades as we currently envision relative to the technology roadmap that we need to rollout that would have as significant of a headwind given the downtime we had to take for this year. So that has normalized itself. We also have the efficiency continues to improve from this point through the end and we have an exit from 465 watt and then we'll exit 2022. I think its 480 watt or something like that as well. What we previously indicated. So that helps drive. But then we've got a number of other billing material initiatives that will drive improvement and one of them just even on our last cost because there's different tiered pricing as we drive more volume across our contracts for glass. We hit different tiers would actually drive down pricing. So there's number, we used that bridge before. When you look at the throughput lever, where there's more throughput to go. There's more efficiency benefit and then we have the watt, the improvement that we'll make and we don't have as much planned downtime at least as we currently envision it. So those who all will help us manage and cross that horizon for 2022.
