Mark R. Widmar: On the revenue delta from previous guidance, the majority of -- more than half of it will have been related to the Systems projects. Again, some of it is -- with AVSR as we reference them, plus we have some other projects that have slipped out of the year for various reasons and we expect to complete now in the first quarter. The other question that you -- was on maintenance CapEx and what we should expect on an ongoing basis. We haven't given that information yet. We'll work through that and it's part of our guidance process for 2012 and we'll give you more insight into that. Clearly, though, it will significantly lower than the current level we're running at right now, which is between $800 million and $850 million, but we'll give you more information around that in December.
Mark R. Widmar: Okay. I guess in terms of risks associated with the projects, we clearly -- we're still working through -- and let's talk about AVSR, first off, and we're working through AVSR and as we prove [ph] to describe in our 8-K is that there were certain conditions associated with the closing of that funding and we're working through this to have that completed. And as we previously announced in the 8-K, the window for that could take up to 4 months. And so largely, that's the timing of that and we're working through that right now just to make sure that we can complete that activity over the next few months here. In terms of Topaz as a project, we're moving forward and, as we highlighted in our call, that we anticipate into the next few months, we will have closed that deal as well. So that's moving quite well and we're encouraged with the signs that we're seeing at this point in time. On the pricing environment, it's competitive. You see some of the data as well as we do and you know what's happening in terms of how aggressively the competition is pricing in a market and largely the oversupply. So we're trying to assess that. We're trying to understand the competitive cost position and the pricing resiliency and incapability that the crystalline silicon guys have and we're trying to make sure that we're always in a price position to sell-through. So it's hard to say where it's going to go to and how it's trending. We clearly know that it continues to be aggressive and we'll manage accordingly.
Mark R. Widmar: Rich, on the cash EPS, we'll continue to assess that and that's one of the things that we'll go into more detail in December when we provide guidance. It really is not an event here really in 2011. It's more on how we would think about 2012 and moving forward, and that's something we'll assess and if we conclude on doing something different, we'll make sure that we incorporate that in our discussions in December.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes. As Mike and I think, it's too early to call out that number. And I guess what I was look at, we're encouraged by the pipeline, that we feel good about it. We're obviously encouraged by the 220 megawatts that we added during the quarter and that's a good indicator as we move forward.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes. So the 70 MW doesn't -- and really, to be honest with you, getting to 70 MW is really indifferent in terms of the number of lines that you have up and running, right? So it's more like the average for the platform, so the number of lines running doesn't necessarily impact the throughput rate. In terms of looking at the demand and understanding the capacity requirements, that's what we're going to continue to assess, and we do that on an ongoing basis to make sure that we're always aligning our capacity with the underlying demand that we have to serve our customers. So we will continue to assess that and depending on how the market evolves and the opportunities for 2012, we may make some decisions differently than what we currently have described but at this point in time, we're moving forward. We've decided to push out Vietnam, but we're moving forward with the balance of the platform.
Mark R. Widmar: No, we're not holding back technology. I mean, Jesse, I think you would probably anticipate that when we move forward with any changes, you essentially will pilot it on 1 or 2 lines, stabilize it and then you'll roll it out to the balance of the platform, right? So that's basically what we're doing at this point in time. And to some extent in terms of accelerating our moving forward, we're moving at the fastest rate possible and in some cases, we even have a constraint in the supply chain to upgrade some of the tooling and equipment that we need. But what we feel very confident in is our ability to achieve that level of efficiency on our best performing lines and we'll be able to roll that out across the platform which, as we indicated, we've already starting to see some additional benefit sequentially here as we start out Q4, and we would expect that momentum to carry us into a very solid 2012.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, so I guess I'll just take the cost per watt discussion first and, Satya, what we said before, even last quarter, it's kind of the same thought process with -- we have a best line with best efficiency and we also have our best line with lowest cost, right? And then we communicated last quarter that our best line, I think, was actually sub $0.70, right? And so we know we have the ability within the platform. It's a matter of scaling the consistency across the platform, driving to the higher efficiency and the costs will come down, right? So when we do the math, and it's very predictable to do the math in understanding the improvement and the benefit of the efficiency gains have on the cost per watt, so we're very confident and, as we said in our release, we will exit 2012 with a cost per watt in the mid '60s, right? And we know we can get there with our efficiency. We've demonstrated our capability in our best line to getting the cost down to that level, so we're very comfortable with making that statement at this point in time. I think the other question you had was on Q4 and where crystalline silicon guys are pricing and how we're thinking about it. Yes, clearly, our ability to sell-through is always reflective of relative price position, and we will make sure that we are in price position to sell through. We will obviously have the advantage of our U.S. VG, our Systems pipeline. The activity in those projects is starting to ramp now, so we'll be able to absorb a significant amount of our Q4 production into our Systems business. So at this point in time, we will continue to run our operations at capacity because we have underlying demand. As we look forward, if we see any changes into that profile then we'll have to reassess but at this point in time, given the backlog we have with U.S. VG and demand we have on third-party Module sales, it requires a full capacity production.
Mark R. Widmar: On the RONA, Mark, what I would just say is, we'll give more color around that in December as well as you think about the RONA model and the EVA co-ration and [indiscernible] how do we optimize that. So it has been declining. I mean, I would say the environment has been very competitive and the pricing pressure that we have under its head has its effect on our overall RONA performance, but we'll give more color around that and how we should think about that going forward in December. On Topaz and it relates to the revenue recognition, each one of these deals are unique in terms of their terms and conditions, and those terms and conditions have to be evaluated in light of the revenue recognition requirements. At this point in time, as we look at Topaz and the current structure of that agreement, we do not anticipate having the same type of revenue recognition issues that we had with Desert, but we have to complete the negotiations of the contract. Once it's complete and the terms and conditions are fully understood then we'll assess it, but we don't anticipate an issue at this point in time.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes. I mean, we have entered into an agreement with a partner down there. Obviously, we're looking at the market very early at this point in time. We believe we at least got an initial look at the market with the good relation with the strong partner, and we'll see how it evolves, and we are encouraged by the relationship that we've established.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes. I guess on the share buyback, we haven't made any decision to do that, Rich. I mean, I think we're focused on right now is how do you build the fundamental value in the business and we assume share price will correlate to underlying economic value over time. We really haven't spent any time on whether there are other ways to enhance share price in the short term. And I don't suspect we'll spend a lot of time on that the next couple of months. Personally, I haven't made any investment decisions either. I mean, I've -- I got -- I've been here for about a week now and we've been immersed, and our main focus right now is to get the strategy pulled together and explain through our operating plans and be back to you in early December to lay it out.
Michael J. Ahearn: Rob, it's Mike. I think the answer on the number is it's premature. I mean, anything we give you would really run a risk of being -- it's fairly inaccurate at this point, so it's not that we are trying to put it off, I just would rather wait and give you the reasoned number. But look, directionally, I think, the way we're thinking about this in various markets is we've got a toolbox that ranges from selling a module to something more along the lines of the Project business, and as subsidy levels diminish in margins for us, we've got to be more opportunistic in terms of how we reach into that toolbox. So there's a broader role for a project-type offering to play, not just in the U.S. but across markets, and we're really going to try to harmonize our thinking. Basically, think about this a little more holistically, as opposed to we've got a Project business and then we're selling panels, we're going to think more about what does it take in a given market to drive growth trajectories and reasonable economics and then we'll back into the right offering and business model. So that's -- so that may give you a little insight into the thinking and why we need to get a better bottoms-up look at some of these markets and plan it before we can give you an accurate range.
Michael J. Ahearn: I think we're looking at the range of things, Jesse. I mean, that -- that's -- that wouldn't be off the table. I mean, I think it's fair to say, we're looking at each -- these markets, as you know, are local in nature. I mean, everyone has got different dynamics and I think you got to look bottoms-up sort of geographic market by market and consider all the options, and that would be one of them.
Michael J. Ahearn: I think it's still fair to say there's some discount embedded on conversion efficiency if somebody were to really look hard at the system-level economics. I don't know that you can generalize in the market like that, Sanjay, because it really -- it -- I mean, it really does depend, as you know. I mean, the energy yield in different temperatures and environments is a factor, the contractual relationships with customers and so forth. So I think you could roughly benchmark it and say there's some discount, but I wouldn't -- it won't apply in 100% of the cases.
Michael J. Ahearn: Well, I don't -- I'd -- there may be some cyclicality with respect to the project financing, but there is also a structural phenomenon going on, which is that -- I mean, this feed-in tariff rates are a lot lower today than they were in 2008. And so the pressure on the business model of a downstream customer is much more significant than it was. So I think that -- I think we need to really -- no, well, we're basically trying to understand sort of bottoms-up the economics to sell-through at a much lower subsidy level. And these latest fluctuations around project financing and availability at cost simply come on top of that and add to the volatility, so it's similar with respect to the financing cyclicality but there's structural down pressure on the economics.
Michael J. Ahearn: Well, it's -- I think the more you move to near term, the more speculative this becomes. But if you just step back for a second and see directionally where are those markets going, Italy -- well, it started with Spain, the Czech Republic, France, I think Italy and then Germany sort of have been the shock absorber. They're moving downward in terms of subsidies and overall market size, not upward, and I don't see that changing. I mean, there's not -- not in the short term -- I mean, not in a -- not as long as the market's created by subsidy programs. That's not -- we wouldn't build our business on an expectation that that's going to reverse itself or even stay at steady. I think it's going to go down. If you said, well, is that in the first half of '12 or could push out to '13? I can't -- it's hard to handicap that from a timing point of view, but I just think what's -- what are the underlying forces that are driving change, they're pointing to downward pressure and subsidized markets. So what has to happen yet, part of it is new demand certainly has to be created. But if you're doing that without a feed-in tariff-type program, which subsidizes the economics and creates a built-in customer, if you think about it, there's no marketing required at all. I mean, it's work but it's not marketing. If you're going to replace that, then you’ve actually got to go find customers that have a need and you have to have a solution that's more full some than a panel or even a solar generating system. And it has to be priced at a level that will pull through wherever that might be. And so I think there's some heavy lifting to do here on new market creation. The second thing that has to happen is, at some point, market forces have to take effect and restrain supply. I mean, that's another one that's hard to handicap from a timing point of view, but I think we all believe it's economically not feasible to think this condition can last forever. And there will be a correction because there are debt and we just -- we need to be very vigilant about how to ride through that situation and then build these new markets.
Michael J. Ahearn: Well, in terms of our 2-gigawatt project in China, it's always been -- I think it was a major breakthrough to get to a 2-gigawatt memorandum of understanding and to begin engaging with our partners in China, but we always knew to execute that is going to be quite a task. That hasn't changed. I continue to believe to be optimistic about that and other projects in China based on the fact that there's a huge energy need there. They are -- the Chinese government is committed to building out a low carbon energy infrastructure. I really believe that, and there is also a desire to move upstream on the technology curve. And I believe deep down and understanding that polysilicon simply does not scale at a level that will be relevant as an energy solution in a place like China. So we have something that's very useful to solve -- to addressing needs in that market and those 2 things can be brought together. It just takes time and effort. And the short answer is, I'm still as optimistic now as I was when we started that work. We just need to really get after it.
