Mark Widmar: Phil, I know one of your questions on the revenue mix. The revenue mix was on 60% was Series 6 and 40% was Series 4. And then the other question was around the shipments within the quarter, how many were recognized within the quarter? This will make sure I get your question correctly.
Mark Widmar: No. No, so we -- the number was -- you're close to the number around shipments. We actually have a little over 800 megawatts of the third-party module sales that have not been recognized. The deferred revenue at this point in time effectively, which will be recognized in the fourth quarter. We also shipped another close to north of 100 megawatts into our own system assets. So you got a combination of about 800 megawatts that didn't get recognized for third-party module sales just based off of shipping terms and trigger for revenue recognition, then you got another 100 megawatts or so of Series 6 product that got deferred out into our systems project which will be now recognized -- a significant portion of that will be recognized associated with our Golden Eye Sun Stream -- Sunshine Valley and Windhub projects that we signed which will close in the fourth quarter.
Mark Widmar: Just on the SCE project, I'll let Alex handle the balance of it. Yes, the projects that we just referenced that had now been signed, submitted CPs to close, the 3 of them, those are all with SCE as the counter-party. So we're very happy to move those forward. As you know, we talked about those throughout the other earnings calls earlier in the year. So those are moving forward. That is, again, Sun Streams, Sunshine Valley and Windhub. Those are all being -- in the process of being -- final days and signed now in the process of closing which we won't expect to happen here in the fourth quarter. The other projects that are still moving around are Japan assets, which Alex can talk about.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So again, the $0.005 actually higher than our target, right? So if you look at across the fleet, exiting the year, we'll be about $0.005 higher across the fleet. And again, putting in perspective, that was a 30% reduction from where we started the year and we are talking about a few percentage points that will be above that number from our current view. We are sitting -- we are better than where we had anticipated through 3 quarters, but we got a couple of headwinds that I mentioned in the call, mainly impacting our Ohio factories. And I think factories because when we began the year, we did not anticipate the start of Perrysburg 2. So the target that we gave you would not have had Perrysburg 2 in that number. And so Perrysburg 2 start-up and, again, underutilization and just general ramp and initial production means being lower than average, while we are now starting using ARC this week, we started it by Monday. ARC will start to be commissioned this week. We actually are getting good bins without ARC and when we include ARC, we'll see better bin, but they will be slightly lower bins in the overall distribution across the fleet. So you got a little bit of start-up, underutilization, referred to that, so bin distribution is not nearly where the fleet average is. So face a little bit of headwinds. Combine that with the tariff-related costs that we have on our U.S. manufacturing is impacting the overall fleet by about $0.005. We are in the process -- we largely have resourced our cover glass to avoid tariffs. But even there, we're seeing slightly higher cost than we would have otherwise. We're still working through our aluminum frame around resourcing of that aluminum that would bring the tariff down, so that will help drive cost out as we go into next year. But the other levers around costs will be further throughput advantages and so what we have indicated, we're already starting our Perrysburg 2 with higher nameplate capacity, almost another 100 megawatts. We'll leverage that across the existing fleet. So that incremental throughput will drive better cost per watt average. The efficiencies are already improving, our top bins right now are 435. We've just started to reach 440. So as we roll that higher efficiency higher watts across the fleet next year, we're going to see benefits from that as well. So there's a lot of positives that will help drive costs down further next year, but we do got to figure out we still have some labor inefficiencies that we are working through, sales freight in U.S. in particularly for various reasons is higher. And we got to find a way to bring that down. So there are some headwinds. But as I look across the long-term horizon and ultimate destination where it will end up, we're very confident that we'll meet the target that we set out for with Series 6. So we are dealing with some near-term headwinds and we're evaluating obviously what that potential impact, if any, will flow into next year.
Mark Widmar: And just a last thing for me on the quarter sales, the severance we talked about on the EPC charges associated with -- exiting the U.S. EPC business, as $10 million, $8 million hits the quarter, you will see $2 million flow through into Q4. But outside of that, the warranty reserve release was a onetime in Q3 and the development item will hit all in Q4 as we roll through the revenue recognition on this project itself.
Mark Widmar: Yes, I think, I guess, the way we look at it, Ben, is -- margin is obviously a combination of 2 things. Margin is a combination of what are we able to capture in the market from an ASP and then what's the actual cost of producing the product. If you look at our bookings, 1.1 gigawatts that we highlighted, again with volumes going up, not only in '21, but in the portion that's beyond '21. The ASPs, when you look across that are all very good. They are very much in line with -- if you look at our -- on a blended basis, if you look at the queue that will come out tomorrow, I think the numbers will apply something around $0.34, somewhere in that range. And these additional bookings post the end of quarter will be consistent with that type of numbers. So when you look at that result of good ASP, when I also look at the bins we are producing, and not only that, over time, the energy advantage because some of that we wanted to highlight in the scientific improvement that we made or discovery that we made around replacing copper, that will significantly improve long-term degradation of the product. And we've always said 2 things: it's not only efficiency but energy. Whatever we do, we need to drive better energy, and that's a meaningful driver to improve energy and that drives value, accretes value back into the module and the market price that we can get. So when I look at that, I feel confident there. The cost right now across the fleet -- the fact that our low-cost regions are where they need to be, that's extremely encouraging. We just got some challenges we are dealing with in Ohio specifically. We'll address some of that with -- throughput is a great way to help dilute your fixed cost and drive your cost per watt down and highlighting that benefit in our factory, our second factory in Ohio, will help. We got some work that we need to do on the labor, and we got to find a way to get some labor cost out of Ohio. It's running higher than we had indicated. We indicated that earlier in the year we got to work through that. We're just not quite there yet. So when I look at the long-term destination of where we will be relative with -- when I look at where ASPs are and what the cost per watt profile is, we are very comfortable with the original gross margin target that we set for Series 6. Nothing has changed from that standpoint. That $0.005 is not going to move bad, and I would argue that again that $0.005 is being more than compensated by the strong ASPs that we are seeing.
Mark Widmar: What I would say, I mean, that 40% number, if I look at it at our -- let's say, our lowest-cost factory today, not only because of just the region but also because we're running 2 production lines in Vietnam. Vietnam right now because of that, and one of the things that will happen when we put our second factory in Malaysia, it will be able to leverage the tool set across both factories, which we know helps drive throughput and manage through downtime and other things that create headwinds around your cost profile. Vietnam is our advantage factory today. And when I look at where that cost is, as we exit this year relative to that 40% target, we'll be in a very good position to have achieved that number. When I look at the fleet, we're slightly behind, mainly for the reasons that I mentioned. And that's what we have to work on in terms of getting at the end of this year. It doesn't mean that the destination is going to change. There's many levers we can get to get to the destination, but at this leaping off point, we're about across the fleet about $0.005 higher than where we need to be, and we've got to figure that one out.
Mark Widmar: The way, the way we always try to phrase it is that we are very much demand during the demand driven drives supply and in our supply capacity plan roadmap and as we get more and more comfortable and confident with the volume in 2021, but again we're about two-thirds right now. Plus, you got an corporate call it a gigawatt or so of our systems business relative to that original supply a 6.5. We're starting to get to a point to have more confidence in 2021. And I also like that we're starting to fill up some '22 and beyond. So the more, the better we do with bookings and the more we look out into '21 and beyond. It gives a higher level of confidence optimize and make sure we drive the highest pipeline, but it's always going to be aligned to the demand that we see highly predictable demand to ensure we can scale and ramp that capacity efficiently because of the customer off-take requirement for that product. But yeah, we're not in a position on this call to give revised numbers we've been measuring ourselves against is what we communicated that was a 6.5 gigawatt supply plan for up 2021 and as we learn more, we'll give you the best information we can at that point in time.
Alex Bradley: And Phil, if you're trying to work it forward from last quarter, we said last quarter we had about 1.4 gigawatts of shipments and about 1/3 of that recognized revenue, 1/3 of that was shipped to our systems assets. Didn't recognize revenue, a 1/3 went onto the module business and didn't recognize revenue. So as you carry over the module shipments in Q2 that didn't rev rec in Q2, will rev rec in Q3, however, the shipments that went to our systems assets in Q2 may likely not have done still because a lot of that will have been associated with the assets that we haven't recognized revenue on yet and completed the sale.
Alex Bradley: Yes. To expand the previous answers, so Ishikawa asset, Miyagi asset and f7 enemies USA. asset. So all 3 of those are currently in the guidance forecast for the year.
Alex Bradley: Let's say, the comment given was around, if we do not sell those Japan assets, we could see coming in $0.50 below the low end of the range of guidance.
Alex Bradley: Yes, so you're doing the right math. The product warranty release comes out of COGS out of the module segment. The roughly $40 million reduction to COGS coming out of one of the development items that comes out of the systems segment. But that's in the full year guidance. You're not seeing that in the quarter. In the quarter, you're going to see about $10 million of ramp, that's out of the module side and then about $10 million associated with the EPC. So if you work that math, you get $80 million minus $40 million minus $10 million minus $10 million getting to about $20 million down to the gross margin, that's what you see in the half point increase to the guidance.
Alex Bradley: Yes, and then it relates to capacity next year for -- Brian, I mean, we're not in a position yet to give guidance on that, but I will say that the early start of Perrysburg, in fact, if we allows us now, we -- we'll have more production out of Perrysburg 2 in 2020 than we would have otherwise. I mean I'm really happy with where we're starting off. I think the initial bin that we're seeing is coming across the production line is really good. And throughput, we expect to make meaningful progress of ramping up through -- between now and the end of the year. So our leaping off point, exiting this year and entering into next year, will allow us an opportunity to get incremental production in 2020 out of our Perrysburg 2 factory. The other items, in terms of incremental throughput, debottlenecking and other things that we can do across the fleet, that exists as well. So we highlighted that our nameplate capacity, we are right now at 5.4. That does not include the additional debottlenecking and other things that we can do across the other factories. So there's a little bit of upside there. So I would say, we were comfortable that our share will be at the high end of the range that we previously guided to for production for next year and we'll see where we can go above and beyond that. Including this one, I think we were highly motivated to start a production, not only because we were ready but obviously driving that through and ramping that factory gives us incremental capacity next year and a very strong demand opportunity set for us. And hopefully, with that incremental throughput, we'll drive better revenue for next year as well.
Alex Bradley: Ben, just to add on the EPC piece. I think we guided -- that I don't say about 1.5 years ago, nearly two years ago now to a 5%, 10% gross margin business in EPC. So that is going to come out as we don't perform in EPC. We're also at the same time as we commented taking cost structure out and we pointed to $10 million to $15 million of annual recurring savings as we exit the EPC business. So going forward, you may see a change in top line revenue as we exit the internal performance of that function. On an overall consolidated basis given the EPC was a low-percentage margin business, you should see a beneficial impact across the consolidated gross margin.
Alex Bradley: We're seeing some additional activity related to that. Part of the promise, we don't have a lot of supply, so that's been one of the challenges. And people are looking at Series 4. We still got a few opportunities potentially that we could -- been able to safe harbor around Series 4. So that could happen. But I wouldn't say that -- we were very -- even though, obviously, the exception was there for a period of time and the other thing I would like to continue on the other side is we said on the call we were very happy with USTR's decision around eliminating the exemption that was provided. We were very happy still with the ability to go through and sell-through that. I think when the announcement first came out in June of last year, shortly thereafter, we highlighted that we booked one of our largest orders ever with a single customer, which is about 1.7 gigawatts, and that was a backdrop of that exemption being provided. So we've been able to -- and we feel very confident with our capability of our technology to compete against bifacial modules. Now there could be certain applications in certain geographies that it could be less damaged in or may be disadvantaged; that can happen. But we've never been -- we understand the bifacial technology, the capability relative to our technology. We are confident with our relative competitive position. I also continue to look forward to what we're doing, not only in efficiency but all the way so we can drive energy performance out of our technology that will further enhance that competitive position against bifacial. So we -- our teams are working very hard and we are very aware of the competing technologies that are out there, and we're doing everything we can to make sure that we again have differentiated technology and advantaged technology. So -- but there will be a little bit of opportunity here, maybe like toward the year-end, but it hasn't been real mover for us because we don't have the supply available.
Alex Bradley: No. Mike, if you look at guidance, I mean, I commented in the script, right, on the module side, we've a lot of moving pieces in terms of when we shut down Series 4 and transition that over to Series 6. If you go back to early 2018, at that point, we'd have said we are planning on shutting down that Series 4 at the end of 2018. There was a surge of demand around the safe harbor especially. We had a large customer order come in that pushed us with that volume all the way out through the back end of 2019. We are actually in a position right now, where one of our customers around Series 4 is potentially in some financial distress. Now we have security against those bookings, but we're looking to optimize our risk profile that may make sense for us, one of our risk and value timing, potentially reduce some of that Series 4 earlier than planned, helps us convert earlier to Series 6 and get to a more advantaged product and technology. So there's some uncertainty for us around the module business around when we make that call. There is significant uncertainty around timing in the systems business, as I mentioned earlier, this is timing of value. But right now we've got U.S. assets that -- even since the end of the quarter, we signed a deal, although we still haven't closed that. That's a positive step, and we'd expect to close that, but those need to close. And as commented earlier, we've got significant uncertainty around what's happened in Japan. And only 2 weeks ago, we saw a typhoon go through, which is completely unforecasted and unplanned. So we've got all those moving pieces, and I think as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks as well, we're also doing a deep dive into the cost structure across the entire business. And so we've made the decision around transitioning our EPC approach to third parties. And as part of that, we're looking at the isolated cost to remain in the development business as well as looking at all the business units, including the module to make sure cost is competitive across every business unit. So with all those moving pieces, it's not the case of having 1 binary outcome. We could guide to an A or B scenario. In this case, we've got a lot of different moving pieces. It makes it very hard to give an accurate guidance. So we would rather get through all of those and come out in February with more accurate numbers.
