Mark Widmar: All right. Thank you, Alex. I would like to discuss the U.S. policy environment, which has evolved significantly over the past quarter. As you may recall, the joint announcement from Senators Manchin and Schumer regarding the Inflation Reduction Act preceded in our last earnings call by just 1 day. Since then, we have seen the Act signed into law and First Solar had the privilege to be part of the White House event in September, celebrating the groundbreaking piece of legislation. . In our view, by passing and enacting the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, Congress and the Biden-Harris administration has entrusted our industry with responsibility of enabling and securing America's clean energy future, and we recognize the need to meet the moment in a manner that is both timely and sustainable. Thanks to our strong foundation, including a repeatable, vertically integrated manufacturing template, proven technology platform and solid balance sheet, we were able to respond rapidly to enact -- to act by accelerating the decision to expand our U.S. manufacturing base. Our confidence in committing to a 1.5 billion expansion in American manufacturing and R&D was backed by a healthy order book, a robust pipeline of opportunities and approximately 2 decades of experience in scaling U.S. solar capacity. However, we still have a substantial journey ahead as the relevant U.S. government agencies work to implement the Act, providing interpretive guidance and alignment on process and administration. Specifically, we wait Department of Treasury guidance that will apply to what we believe is a legislation's intent to incentivize vertically integrated U.S. manufacturing under the Section 45X provision, allowing our thin film manufacturing process to access the entire integrated tax credit. Similarly, we also anticipate guidance on the domestic content bonus that project owners may seek under the new production tax credit and the extended investment tax credit for solar. Given our unique manufacturing process, which transforms raw materials into a finished module under 1 roof, we expect that our product will qualify as U.S. domestic content and help enable the bonus incentive. As a crucial first step towards delivering clarity the IRS has solicited comments from interested stakeholders that will then shape the guidance provided around aspects such as the administration and value of tax credits under the 45X provision. Moreover, while we understand the urgent need for clarity, we encourage a healthy degree of patience as the details are normalized. The effectiveness of this landmark climate legislation hinges on the thoroughness of this administrative process and resulting guidance. We strongly support the thorough, thoughtful approach being pursued by the Department of Treasury and IRS. As America's largest solar manufacturer, we remain actively engaged with the U.S. government and intend to respond to the public request for comment and provide input as an interested stakeholder to aid the guidance process. Internationally, we observed a strong growing focus from governments and democratic nations towards addressing the use of forced labor in the supply chain. In addition to the President said in U.S. we enforce Labor Protection Act, Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom have introduced measures to tackle the issue of businesses profiting from human rights abuses, particularly in China's Xingqiang region. More recently, the European Union released a draft law that could come into effect by 2025, which would ban the import of products linked to the use of forced labor regardless of where they are made. These actions point to the growing compliance risks of continuing to rely on Chinese crystalline silicon and the increasing urgency with which solar industries and democratic nations need to find sustainable solutions in response to the significant threat. Meanwhile, our responsible solar standard has not simply emerged as a key competitive differentiator has also been driving factors behind our industry-leading ESG ratings. We are proud that earlier this week, First Solar made its debut in Investor's Business Daily 100 Best ESG companies of 2022, ranking 6 across all included corporations and first among energy companies. Being the only solar manufacturer included in this list of leading companies that makes profitability with ethical and social responsibility is a testament to our commitment to responsible solar and attribute to the sense of purpose with which thousands of our employees around the world make the most of each day. With that, I conclude our summary on policy deployment. Alex will now summarize the key messages from today's call.
Mark Widmar: All right. I'll take the first one, and then I'll let Alex do the finance and then how we expect to recognize the credits in the P&L. So our contracts have and we've been doing this for an extended period of time now in corporate provisions that relate to domestic content to the extent there was any legislation that would be passed that would differentiate domestic content value for incremental ITC or even out with the PTC. So we've incorporated those matters. What I’ll say from my prepared remarks is one of the things that we highlighted is that, we recognized as part of our backlog that has already been contracted as of the end of last quarter for about 1.4 gigawatts, we have modified those contracts, which would include value now for domestic manufacturing and it was $52 million against that 1.4. And in my prepared remarks, I indicated it was about $0.037. So there’s a significant uplift what’s been contracted so far is we’d be recognizing across ‘23 and ‘24, but we have a lot more volume that we have to go out and contract. But I think it’s an encouraging first step to have 1.4 now contracted at a pretty nice increase to our baseline ASP.
Mark Widmar: All right, Phil, I'll take the first 2 and I'll let Alex take the last one. First off, Phil, as you can see what we announced in our presentation deck that if you look at our total pipeline of opportunities and then you look at our mid to late-stage opportunities, as I said in my prepared remarks, the 114 gigawatts of total opportunities and mid- to late stage is around 70 gigawatts, which both of those are record highs for us and meaningful opportunities for us to continue to see strong bookings momentum. I think this is the fourth quarter in a row that I think we've had double-digit bookings. So if you go back and if you look, starting with end of last year, Q4 of last year, we've had 4 quarters now with double-digit bookings. And this quarter here, at 16.6 [ph] is now an all-time record. When I look at near term, and I indicated, we'll sell through 2026 by the end of the year. And when -- and I also indicated we have a number of multi-gigawatt multiyear opportunities that are still in our pipeline. And we are seeing customers that are wanting to commit through the end of this decade. And we indicated in the prepared remarks, most of the bookings that we've seen right now are through 2027. And so now we're seeing longer-dated opportunities and again, multi gigawatts, which would be a historic record high individual bookings transactions that for us as a company. And I think where we sat before, our highest bookings we did before, I think it was somewhere in the range of about 5.4, 5.5, something like that with an individual counterparty. We've got multiple opportunities that would be significantly higher than that if we were able to close on those. And so I don't see the momentum changing at this point in time. And we will continue to book as long as we see strong ASPs, as we indicated in this last quarter, the bookings were $0.316 before adders. And if we can continue to see very strong ASPs going further out into the future, they have a very balanced risk/reward profile then we'll continue to do that. It also will continue to inform as we see that activity, and we'll continue to inform our views around additional factory expansions. We indicated our most recent expansion, which would come online in 2025. And there's still a window to impact the second half of this decade with more factories here in the U.S. And so as we see stronger demand, that will inform our views around incremental capacity expansions. Phil, your next question -- as it relates to the FEMA requirement and the Category 4, we're very well of what's going on there. What I would say is that if there is a Category 4 requirement for the power plant, it is not uniquely defined at an individual component level. Our products with our contracts are to deliver against a specification and the specification is defined in those agreements. To the extent that there is a decision made that ultimately individual components would need to be modified to enable a power plant to meet a certain criteria, a different category than what exists today then that would be a modification to the contract because the specification requirements for the product would change. So that is something that could evolve and we'll address that to the extent that it does. The other thing that I would say, I don't believe that the changes in order to hit the requirement of a Category 4 would necessarily be achieved by modifying or changing the module. I think more of it will come from the structure than it will come from the module. And there are certain things potentially you could do with the module as it relates to changing the frame or potentially the acryls or modify the thickness of the glass. All that is going to do is add weight to the product, which also creates challenges around install. These modules with the labor 2-men or 3-men lift, there are some limitations around weight. So I don’t know if your optimal solution will be modifying the module, I think it could be more or less a modification to the structure that could handle the incremental requirements in our Category 4
Mark Widmar: Yes. So Colin, I think you're talking about our multi-junction product that we've announced our development around, which we also referred to as Tandem. Look, as it relates to the technology, we've made significant advancements in that regard in terms of the capabilities and improving and delivering high-efficiency products along the lines of the road map that we've envisioned so far. And ultimately, we'd love to get to a point where we're sitting at 24%, 25% type of efficiency at the module level. The biggest issue that we still have around -- I think we made good progress in the lab. The real question is ultimately, how do we commercialize and when do we come to market. And one of the challenges that we've had in that regard is finding the right silicon supply chain, one that meets the criteria that are aligned with our approach around responsible solar. So, I think the technology is evolving quickly. The real question is, how quickly can we bring it to market? And how quickly can we get confidence in that supply chain that we would have to be dependent upon for the bottom sell, which at least the current vision is top cell thin-film CadTel, bottom cell crystalline silicon. Over time, we could look to evolve that to a thin-fin film construct, but that would be further out into the horizon. As it relates to pricing, again, what we said in the prepared remarks was that we are just in the process of realizing domestic content value that has been embedded in our base contracts. So we’ve contracted 1.4 gigawatts. If you look at ‘23, ‘24 and ‘25, we have just on a capacity -- nameplate capacity perspective, we’ve got north of 20 gigawatts of volume that will be available on a nameplate capacity will be slightly lower than that when you think about actually realization of capacity given the overall ramp of the new factories. But there’s a lot of volume still to go through. We’re happy to see the uplift, which is right now a little bit -- it’s about $0.37 or so of value. So we did 1.4 gigawatts and $52 million of ASP value creation. So a lot of opportunities still go after the balance [ph]. We're just still in the early innings, and we’ll continue to provide updates as we progress.
Mark Widmar: Julien, we lost you. All right. I'll -- look, I think the question was around further expansion. And we are continuing to evaluate expansion, whether in the U.S. or outside of the U.S. We think we're very well positioned in both the U.S. and India. We're happy with the progress we're making with our new factory in India. We're happy with the interest in our technology and the building up of our pipeline and very happy with the fact that we are now starting to contract for that volume off of that factory. And we're looking at multiyear agreements in India as well. U.S., the momentum is strong, the pipeline is very robust. And it's a matter of continuing to see that fill up. And then as we do, we'll inform our views on incremental capacity. EU for right now, we still would like to see better clarity around policy. And as I indicated, we, among others, that are involved in the EU from a manufacturing standpoint or supporting the market have written a letter or signed a letter that would hopefully encourage you to provide clarity around long-term stability of policy that would ensure -- enable an environment that is constructive to investments that we would need to make in the EU to support their long-term PV goals and climate change goals. So a lot going on, a lot of opportunity. It’s just a matter of prioritization, and we’re happy to see -- we’re happy that we have options that we can consider.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So in terms of base ASPs and opportunities, yes, we clearly are seeing an opportunity there as it relates to what was already contracted as of our last quarterly filing and as of the end of June. As indicated, we have provisions in our contracts. And in some cases, even if provisions are not in our contract, customers are reaching out to us and asking for an opportunity to get U.S. supply, which will enable their value creation on domestic content. And then we have a discussion with them. And appropriately adjust -- amend the contracts or the incremental ASP value, we think, is appropriate for dedicating that that allocation to a particular customer. So that's momentum, and we'll continue to see how it progresses. Like I said, we're in very early innings, but we've got a lot of opportunity to continue to pursue. As it relates to U.S. capacity versus Malaysia, Vietnam, as of now, as we see the horizon sold through 2026 by the end of this year, I see all that volume in Malaysia, India -- excuse me, Malaysia, Vietnam has been committed and sold as part of that overall volume. And we are distinguishing ASPs in a meaningful way for that volume and nowhere near -- it will be substantiated by the difference in the relative cost structure between Malaysia and the U.S. on a landed cost basis. So we are seeing some of that, but it's not -- so far it has not been material. And we'll continue to evaluate it as we move forward to ensure that we can sell through that capacity. And if we find that it's difficult to sell it into the U.S., we'll look to sell and support other markets internationally, such as EU from our Malaysia, Vietnam facilities over time. Look, we know that new capacity is going to come into the market. We believe we're an advantaged established player. We've got a unique initiated technology. We're the partner of choice with a number of key customers here in the U.S. We also firmly believe that CapEx is going to be higher to bring production into the U.S. and the cost is going to be higher to manufacture here in the U.S. Our Series 7 product is a low-cost product relative to Series 6 relative to Series 6 in Ohio, but also relative and competitive with our international factories for Series 6. So we believe we've got a differentiated technology, a low-cost technology. And we also believe that competition to put manufacturing here in the U.S., whether it's at the module level, the cell level or down to the wafer level, that will be a higher cost of product that we still believe we can differentiate ourselves and maintain attractive ASPs even if that were to happen.
Mark Widmar: As it relates to the R&D line, look, as I indicated, it's a 1.3 million square foot facility. We envision that, that line will probably start as it relates to ETAs. We may not run it 24/7. We may run it 5 days a week kind of thing, may not run again 24 hours. We're probably going to be doing something in the range of 1,000, maybe 1,200 plates a day for engineering tests. So it has capacity. Obviously, you can do much more than that but it's more or less as needed given the development requirements that we have for various programs, both on our thin film as well as our multi-junction tandem and we'll utilize it as well over time to even think about next-generation technology, whether it's perovskites or some other thin films that could evolve over time. So we're excited about having the R&D line. It decouples us from being constrained by our manufacturing capacity. It's going to improve our cycles of learning, and we really believe it will accelerate our technology road map and time to market.
Mark Widmar: It relates to -- when we announced the $1.2 billion investment in about 4.4 gigawatts [ph] of capacity, we did that I believe it was August, we indicated we were driving incremental throughput through our existing footprint. So we -- the factory was initially backed in to do about 16,000 to about 16,500 models a day. Now we've taken it up to 17,000 modules a day. So by that incremental throughput, we're getting more capacity out of the new factories. Plus, we’ve also optimized across the existing footprint of Perrysburg I and Perrysburg II, which will drive more throughput. So a combination of those two gives you almost a full gigawatt of incremental capacity. But it’s for the new factories, and we are evaluating doing that for India as well. So we may pull another couple of hundred megawatts out of India based off of the throughput improvements and capital that we would deploy there. So it’s really driven by that, just incremental throughput through the factories with a little bit of capital to make sure that it happens.
Mark Widmar: Yes. And then as it relates to our tandem product, the initial targeted market is going to be rooftop residential, largely through -- we've talked before about a partnership with SunPower. So that's largely the channel market and initially a rooftop. But the expectation will be over time as we continue to drive cost out of the product, optimize it more to a utility scale application versus a rooftop application that we'll be able to make that transition from our target -- initial target market of rooftop into utility scale. And then as it relates to exports, there’s clearly an opportunity to export even if there’s a point -- I know there’s a question I think Bryan may have asked earlier about the excess capacity in the U.S. market. We have the capability at the right time if need be to export into international markets [indiscernible] ourselves to the full benefit and the full integrated benefit under the manufacturing tax credit. So it’s something to be evaluated. But what I would say is near term, look, when you look at our pipeline, gross pipeline of 115 gigawatts, 114 gigawatts, excuse me, there’s more than ample opportunity here in the U.S., as you can see by that pipeline that the vast majority of that sits in the U.S. And so that’s our primary market that we’ll be focused on for the near term.
Alex Bradley: Yes. Kashy. On the -- I'll do the credit first as a quicker answer. We would expect it to be in the statement of a reduction to cost of sales. So you'll see it hit gross margin and then flow through the P&L from there. From a financing liquidity perspective, you start with where we are today, we're forecasting ending in the year at about $1.8 billion of net cash. That's the midpoint of the guide. At that point, we'll have about $200 million of debt associated with our India plant, the assumption being that Luz del Norte project and the debt associated with that is sold by the end of the year. So that's about $2 billion gross cash, $1.8 billion net at the midpoint. If you think about use of that capital, by the end of the year, we'll have spent substantially all of the CapEx associated with our third Perrysburg factory, which is nearing the end of construction. We'll have double-digit millions [ph] remaining there, but the majority of that CapEx will be spent. As it relates to the India CapEx, we'll have 2% to 3%, maybe slightly higher, 400 remaining by the end of the year. The majority of what's left there will be covered by debt draws against the facility. So the limited impact to net cash there. So you can think about between those what will be effectively through that CapEx spend or have debt associated with that CapEx spend by the end of the year. We've recently committed to about $1.5 billion of spend. So that's $200 million to expand Ohio, about $1 billion for our fourth plant in the U.S. and just under $300 million for an R&D line. That $1.5 billion will get spent over 2023 and 2024, potentially a small amount into 2025. If you think about sources for that, we've recently been getting significant prepayments to module sales. So we've been working with customers who are helping to provide capital to finance the expansions that we're undergoing. If you look at that, we had about $150 million of module prepayments come in Q3. And if you look at the balance sheet as of the end of Q3, we've got just a little under $600 million of module prepayments on balance sheet at that point. The high point of the guidance assumes another 400 or so coming through by year-end. We have signed bookings, as you can see on -- in the bookings table in the presentation of about just under 10 gigawatts from the end of the quarter, so that deposits associated with those are not reflected in the queue. We also have significant additional contracts that we're in late-stage discussions on, which would add more down payments. So I think there's opportunity to increase the down payment number as well. Beyond that, if you think about other sources of cash, we've got non-booking deposit module business, operating cash flow over the next couple of years, which we haven't guided to, but which will be significant. And that's all before you look at any of the proceeds coming from the Section 45X impact under the IRA. So if you think about it today, we can finance the currently announced growth through a combination of cash on hand and operating cash flow. However, if you look beyond that, I do think we are continuing to evaluate opportunities to deploy more capital accretively, be that through the potential for additional manufacturing facilities, expanding at our existing facilities, putting more money into R&D potentially helping develop suppliers along the supply chain, and then there will also be some maintenance CapEx and other upgrades. So as I said today, we can finance the current growth with the combination of cash on hand and operating cash flow. If we do look at spending additional capital, we may get to a point where we either need or would like to go out and raise money. We'll give a view around that when we give guidance for next year in February. At that point, we'll look at more of a comprehensive view of capital and funding needs and services need to raise capital. If we do, I suspect today would be viewed more as bridge capital given that we expect to see a significant inflow of cash from the Section 45X. And therefore, what we need most likely as a bridge to those proceeds. But I wouldn’t rule out anything at this stage, including the potential for equity or equity-linked capital as well.
Alex Bradley: And Phil, just to your last question. So we produced 2.4. We shipped 2.8 gigawatts on a sole basis, it's about 2.25. So 2.25. If you look at that against 620 revenue, it implies about a $0.275 [ph] ASP recognized.
Alex Bradley: Yes, Maheep. On the backlog, we do not have any contracts where we are passing through or sharing the Section 45 production manufacturing tax credit. So let’s be clear, that’s all staying with us as we continue to build manufacturing and develop, we’re going to use the proceeds on that credit to continue to expand both manufacturing and development and R&D here, but we’re not sharing that credit with our customers under these contracts.
Alex Bradley: Yes. So on the cash timing, it's something that's going to come, I think, with more clarity when we get IRS treasury guidance. Typically, at the end of the year, we would file a tax return, 6 to 9 months after the year-end, and then there will be some time after that for us to receive cash. We're still -- it's still not clear exactly what process that will go through. So we're awaiting guidance to understand that more.
