Robert Gillette: Well, yes, I think originally we said between 4 and 6 when we entered the year. And so what we're trying to do, of course, is to meet our customer expectations and manage the business with the fluctuation from the external markets. So for us, we feel the 450 megawatts are appropriate and deliver on commitments and give us balance between 2011 and '12 in the external market that exists. So we feel pretty good about that, and we have enough demand in other locations to ship products. So the quarter was difficult in Q2, but we feel like 450 is the right number. And as Mark said, as we move closer to the end of the year, it just becomes a limiting factor as to how much you could put on the ground in total.
Robert Gillette: Yes. I would say this, they're more credible because firstly, they're actually done on manufacturing tooling, right? So it's not something that's done in the lab. As well, we also don't talk about a number of different things, and so as I said, we don't do our R&D work specifically targeting hero cells because hero cells aren't what we can replicate in our facilities. So we don't -- we've had a history of and we maintain a history of only talking about things that we think we can implement in our manufacturing process. So I think in general, we're very confident and made confident by the efforts of the team and the people that you saw there and we talked about there in the FiTs [ph]. So we've had a lot of record cells and as you know, efficiencies in the numbers we use, that 11 7 [ph] that I've stated is an average of all of our production lines. So even on our manufacturing lines today, there's places where we make higher efficiencies, and we make sure to report the average.
Robert Gillette: Yes. The gigawatt, we mentioned, we plan to build in our objective pipeline systems in 2012. So that number is correct. I think we feel good about the growth and expansion, and especially the support of India in terms of -- we started out with the 10 megawatts in '10, and now 200 megawatts this year and we kind of [ph] signed up to 250 between now and into 2012. So that's pretty exciting, I think. I think we'll see some stability in the markets, as we mentioned in Germany, as they've kind of stabilized somewhat. And we hope to see some policy direction that gives us some clarity on the future of France. So I think in Europe, we're still kind of all bouncing back from the changes that took place in the first half and the challenges over there. So we don't -- we're not obviously talking about 2012, but getting the large pipeline applications funded, and into production is definitely something we're excited about, and we'll be doing a lot of that between now and the end of the year.
Robert Gillette: Well, we assume that we will still have a significant cost advantage regardless of what happens with the poly pricing in general. We still look at the other conversion costs in the $0.75 range. So we feel pretty good about our cost position, and we'll continue to execute on our cost roadmaps.
Robert Gillette: Yes, I think, yes, approximately revenue-wise in mix you'd have to look at where we were doing EPC revenues well. So you can't -- it's not a straight map that way. But in general, we -- that's why we mentioned revenue, but -- the split difference. And I think for the balance of the year, we feel like we've worked with our customers to provide pricing and support to drive sell-through, and then we plan, as you know, to start executing on these major projects in Q3 and Q4. So I think as we said, 2011, the second half will be much better than the first.
Robert Gillette: Well, I think what it does is, and then the reason that we mentioned it is that we're proud of the success and the fact that it's our manufacturing tooling. So we don't, as you know, we don't talk about these things unless we feel that we are well-positioned to be able to apply them. And the significance of it is, is that in a manufacturing environment, that we even beat the record that stood since 2001, which is more the experimental side. So what it means for our roadmap, is we're committed to delivering on the roadmap as we planned and still have that same target range in 2014 to get to that $0.52 to $0.63 range. So but obviously, we're stretching and doing what we can. I think I mentioned during the pitch that we're going to continue to see what we can do to accelerate that roadmap further, and when we do roll out, let you know.
Robert Gillette: Yes. I think for us we would expect the linearity to be better in Q3 than in 2 and I think as we said, Mark mentioned, I think, and I did, part of the challenge was our customers trying to figure out what the feed-in tariffs and regulations would mean and how they could get things restarted. So as we said, we did a lot more of our shipments late in the quarter than we would normally do.
Robert Gillette: Yes, okay, I think that when we mention a range like that, as I think we've done, we mentioned before, we view that as pretty competitive with peaking -- other sources of fossil fuel peaking. I mean, you start to take to look at all of them, gas and others. So we think that's a competitive range and when -- probably when you're mentioning these single-digit numbers, that's pretty COD-type of numbers so when you get the time-of-day multipliers, they tend to be in the range that we're talking about. So I understand the question and most of them -- and the time-of-day multiplier in California is about 20%.
Robert Gillette: The 2 projects that are to be built this year, Agua and AV, are the 2 that -- Desert Sunlight, for instance, is not one that we expect to build this year, for instance, or Topaz.
Robert Gillette: Yes. Well, I think we don't really talk about the individual incremental changes that we make. And I think that the team is -- we have what we call a go-fast plan internally. So we have the commitment we have to you as our shareholders and externally to the roadmap that we put in place, priced at [ph] $0.52 to $0.63 and the 8% to 10% improvement year-over-year. And that's kind of how we got there. We mentioned today the improvement, and we're looking at things more and more on an installed cost per watt basis. So we've made 30% improvement in the BoS cost, and if we make the 20% improvement or 19%, we talked about between now and then, we will -- we should be able to exceed the $0.91 to $0.98 range that we talked about in 2009. So we made great progress there. And that really is tradeoffs up between some inflation on raw materials, but then the great work would be EPC team and guys [ph] to continue to drive the cost down. And then anything that we do, of course, on a go-fast level in engineering with Dave and his team contributes to further BoS cost reductions. So at 13.5% to 14.5% range, we have internal plans to accelerate it as quickly as we can and hopefully you'll start to see that in our numbers. And that's why we adopted a little bit of a different approach as to how we upgrade the lines and make changes.
Robert Gillette: Yes, I think it's a good question. And clearly, the first half of the year, there was a significant cash outflow associated with ramping some of those large projects like Agua. And we'll start to see the cash inflows start to flow in this year and then in Q3 and Q4, which will drive significant operating cash flows for the second half of the year. And then we would expect a more balanced performance into 2012. Essentially, once the annuity stream starts to flow and the gates open up on the progress payments, you largely are matching your inflows and your outflows pretty well. So we would expect 2012 to be dramatically different than what we've seen here in the first half of 2011.
Robert Gillette: Yes, we see this firstly as a very positive step. It's one that we've been really looking for, so the 1.15, 1.15 RMB per kilowatt hour kind of ties to USD $0.16, USD $0.17 [ph], which is a better scenario than we've seen before. What we need to be able to determine now with the officials there is how to get through the process and ensure that certain projects are included in that feed-in tariff. So that's right now what we are sorting through, but we see it as positive. And I think that you should start to see more volume in China and especially that the mention -- I've heard mention of increasing the targets for 2015, and you heard the mention of the range from 20 to 50 gigawatts by 2020. So they're obviously huge goals in the process and we've been awaiting further clarity on something that makes sense from a sustainable standpoint. And this tariff seems to, and now you've got to get through the process of approvals to make sure that your project gets in the pipeline. So that's what we're working on.
Robert Gillette: Yes. We still have the MoU, sort of initial pilot plan of the 30-megawatt. And then we have an MoU for 2 gigawatts as well and for -- with Ordos. And again, it really is tied getting through the pre-approval process and having the site be selected and put into the feed-in tariff program. So that's what we're working on now. So we are hopeful that we can get that done and participate in what we think will be good growth there.
Robert Gillette: Okay. Yes, I mean it comes in 3 ways for us, essentially on the BoS, so there's an element of design. So how do we engineer out [ph] materials and utilize the expertise of our guys from the experience that we've had in building plants to figure out smarter ways to do it. So there's the design element. There is the sourcing element that you mentioned. And then there is the productivity element, the speed with which we get the generation. And that's a big part of the economics and the equation. So that's really the 3 ways. And I think last quarter, we talked a little bit about some inflation pressures, which all you got to do is look at some of the commodities out there, whether it's your [ph] copper or other things, or all this [ph]. We get pressure there, but we work through it from the other 2 means, so design and productivity in terms of how we get things installed. So I think as we get smarter and continue to improve efficiency in our own cost per watt, plus the focus on BoS, that we can drive the installed cost per watt down and get us close to the parity levels that we are targeting for 2014.
Robert Gillette: Yes. I think we've done some initial work and there are some tenders in place. I would say that demand in total is something that's still evolving in those regions. There's a lot of interest. There are no formal policies in place to drive a lot of growth yet, but we're positive that both -- Southern Africa, Northern Africa. And in spots in South America will be a good marketplace, but it will take some time to develop, is what I would say. So probably end of 2012 and beyond before we would start to see any real life [ph].
Robert Gillette: Yes. I'll take the pricing side of the question. We don't talk specifically about ASP because we try to manage our customers and position in the market by providing and driving sell-through. So we want our customers to develop captive projects in the pipeline, so they need to have some visibility out about a year or so to do that. So what happened in Q2 and really in the first half is that a lot of excess inventory in the system with the demand kind of stalling because of all the things we talked about earlier in the presentation. And when that happens, it puts a lot of pressure on the price side. And we work through a rebate system with our customers to fund them and support them so the price pressure in the external market is high from a third-party sales standpoint and that's part of what impacted our Q2 results. So we're continuing to manage and monitor that. We still feel confident in the concept and our approach to being able to buffer some of those fluctuations with our captive pipeline. And as we get nearer and nearer to having those things finalized and funded, especially here in the second half, as we said, Agua will start to recognize revenue on in Q3. That will become something that is very viable for us to do, is to balance those 2 things together. So we want to be competitive in the third-party market, and we want to work with our customers to ensure they develop markets around the world.
Robert Gillette: Well, I think that for much of our discussion, negotiation with our customers, I think the steps that we've taken should provide opportunity for them to sell through. We also work with them to make sure that certain projects are realized. So we'll get into discussions with them on specific projects of size if they want to execute on, especially in terms of developing new regions in the world. So we have a few processes and the rebate that we discuss with them. we have some special deal pricings that we work on with our customers. So I think from what we know, there was a lot of change in the first half. I think that there won't be as near as much change in the second half, but we'll use those 2 tools to enable to them to sell through.
Robert Gillette: Yes. We still don't -- what we have seen that's around the world and especially in that region of the world, is you see prices kind of converging in terms of getting closer to each other. So remember, these are larger applications and prefilled in significant part. The economics are made easier from the total number of available hours of sunlight, so they -- in some places, it's 2,000-plus hours, so the economics are pretty significant. So I'd say in that way, a good opportunity for all. I think that -- the tenders that are out there are for construction to begin in mid- to late '12 and into '13 and '14. So that's kind of the time frame that we're looking at with some smaller ones, kind of prototype and demonstrators, happening a little bit faster.
Robert Gillette: Sure, specifically AV Solar? Steve, sorry, I missed -- can you repeat the question? You kind of broke up and I kind of lost you in it. But I asked is it specifically for AV Solar or...
Robert Gillette: Yes. I think that we -- originally we had agreements in place with our customers in the form of the framework agreements that we had. And that -- we wanted those to remain in place and that's why we chose the rebate vehicle. So that's one. I think that we are working with customers to discuss how we would change our agreement so that we didn't have to go through the rebate process. And we have some ideas that we'll be working on in the second half of 2011. So yes, to answer your question, we will look out ways to simplify the approach and provide pricing in a different way to our customers so they can drive sell-through. But we originally did that because of the agreements we had in place.
Robert Gillette: No, we do it the same way as we do with the modules, so it's an average number. So it would be across, whether it's Series 3 or 2. And most of our work, of course, now, is Series 3. We actually -- part of our efforts during Q2 were to convert completely to Series 3. So we're Series 3 across the entire product line now. So we want to make sure that we had positioned Series 2 inventory to address any customer issues. But we're Series 3 now. But we look at it, and when we give you a number, it's an average number. And as Larry said, for all kinds of reasons, the costs on a per-watt level for BoS from site to site will vary from land conditions to whether it has a tracker or what the installation is.
Mark Widmar: Yes, so the expenses within the quarter did include a severance item, which was slightly below, I think, what we indicated on the call. Last time, we thought it could be in the range of $6 million or so and it ended up being below that. But we did -- we were able to offset that onetime effect within the quarter. And so I would expect at this point in time, the expenses for the second half of the year should essentially be flat with our exit rate. We may be a little bit lower in Q3 and higher in Q4 but think of the second half essentially flat with the exit rate for Q2.
Mark Widmar: Okay. Well, yes, we -- usually we don't talk about it, but from what I know in our analysis, what the competitors do is they exclude things like shipping, warranty, recycling, obviously, SBC, capacity ramp, insurance and other production costs and things like that. So ballpark on a comparative basis if you looked at our cost per watt on the same basis, about $0.68 in that range would be the equivalent comparison. And one of the things that, I don't know, maybe didn't come out during the presentation as well is that we, this year, have changed somewhat how we implement some of the changes with the manufacturing team. And we made the decision based on megawatts produced on a full year basis on line to take lines down for more an extended period. So say a week at a time whereas before we would've done it piecemeal more to keep the lines up and running. And the reason we did that was twofold. So one is the market conditions and challenges in volume created an opportunity for it. And two, we feel like for the total year, off of the same lines, we'll able to produce more megawatts. So it's kind of back to where we were I think last year, about this time where we talked about with all these lines we have and the Copy Smart approach, how do we change and make the changes appropriately and continue to bring the cost down? So it will come in more of a stair-step type of approach versus the incremental change quarter-over-quarter, and that's really what we've been working on and part of what you've seen. So it's still down year-over-year, but it's something that takes more significant effort with all the lines that we have and some of the changes that we're making. So you'll see the benefits of the change and effort we've made in Q4 of this year, both in efficiencies and line run rate. So it'll be a little bit lumpier than our past.
Mark Widmar: Yes. Satya, this is Mark. For our guidance, we're still assuming the same assumptions as we had before in terms of dependency around DOE funding. And if we're able to achieve the funding for more projects than we previously had assumed, that could provide additional upside in future periods, probably not this year, but could provide some upside as we move forward.
Mark Widmar: Yes, on the EPC revenue within the quarter, it was right around $60 million or about 11% of our total revenue. And you may remember for the first half -- first quarter, excuse me, was a little less than $50 million so we're about $100 million or so of EPC, and as we guided to, there's about $900 million or so of EPC revenue. So you get an indication of the amount of the ramp we'll see in the second half, and that's obviously reflected in our earnings guidance.
