Mark Widmar: Yeah, so I think what we said is Jim’s comments that was in our late stages I think was maybe about 450, we also indicated that if you look at the earlier stage projects these ones we return with higher level probability, there is another 500 megawatts or so in there. So there is a potential of about a gigawatt of bookings that can happen between now and the end of the year that will be Systems related. That also one reason why as we think about providing guidance for 2017 until we can crystallize those opportunities it’s not meaningful at this point in time provide guidance for ‘17, so I just want to make sure you have connected those docs. But as it relates to next year somewhere in that gigawatt range at Systems level, that’s probably about right, we’ve kind of indicated that we would expect it to be maintained around that range at least in the foreseeable future trending upwards obviously as we start to ramp capacity. So I think that’s the right way to look at it. You know CapEx you know I can just really point you back to what we said in the Analyst Day at this point in time, I mean we’ve gave the view of what we see capacity expansion, we gave the view of what the associated CapEx would be for that capacity expansion. We haven’t given discreet impact to ‘17, ‘18 versus ‘19. But I think the best to do is just go back and review the slides that we presented in Analyst Day, I think that will give you the color that you are looking for.
Mark Widmar: Just a couple of follow-on you know one thing to understand about the Systems business even though the ITC got extended, we had our large number of system projects that we slated for delivery in 2016. And some of those had PPA requirements such that even though the ITC was extended, they still had to be delivered. So we had what I will call an unusual alignment of deliveries at the end of 2016 and that leaves a bit a gap until you can redeploy your work force, start new projects and get those projects to the finish line and that’s a little bit of what we are seeing. We’re seeing plenty of demand but normally our Systems business the project sort of roll off in a steady rate as opposed to all being aligned to a single point in time. So it’s a little bit of a historical function of the ITC. The ITC fall off that never happened but it got extended. And so I think that’s you know just an important thing to keep in mind. The other is, one other things we tried to highlight at the Analyst Day and I think people need to try to get it greater understanding of it, we’ve got a number of factors coming together in terms of our production platform. We’ve got our new product are rolling out in the form of the Series 5. We have a new product under development in the form of the Series 6. There is a lot of complicated decisions if we need to make about the production platform related to those and we’re trying to make sure that we’re thoughtful, careful and detailed in our analysis. So it’s not as simple as what’s the demand and when do you build the plant to supply it. It’s more complicated equation because we’ve got new products in the equation. So we’ll respond the demand when and where we see it and we will also communicate to investor when we have a clear view of what our plans going to be. But as we always have been and we are always going to be a little bit conservative and a little bit thoughtful about putting those plans together.
Mark Widmar: So, I’ll take the international growth one and I’ll let Jim sort of - he already committed on, so I’ll let him add a little bit more color on that. But - what you said I think on the international growth side of it is you know are late stage opportunities that’s in our pipeline, about 9% of that is international, so you get little bit 3 gigawatts and 90% of that is actually international. It is relatively diverse. It’s in a number of markets. I mean we’re seeing a lot of activity clearly in India but we are starting to see more activity across Asia Pacific, seeing activity through the Mideast, we are starting to see, we actually are close to signing an agreement in South American for about 40 megawatt. So there is a lot of opportunities even in part of South Africa. So it’s a very diverse and that’s we wanted to see. I mean over the years, we made a decision to invest in our demand generation in our sales team and we felt that overtime we will create diversity of the demand profile and then that starting to show up and it’s reflected in our pipeline, so it’s not anyone discreet market, it’s pretty robust and that’s we what to see that type of diversification.
Mark Widmar: And then relates to the potential systems bookings, it’s somewhat diverse but mainly concentrated U.S., Japan, India are the main areas that we would make a vast majority of that gigawatt of opportunity.
Mark Widmar: The other one I think you had on Stateline and you know we still have 34% interest in Stateline. You know the guidance assumes that we drop that down into 8point3 this year. We’ve always said that there is optionality around that and as you noticed in our comments, our prepared comments, we said our current plan is to dropdown Kingbird, Moapa and Stateline to 8point3 but we also give the highlight that was subject to market execution, condition, so you know there could be some issues timing related to that, we have flexibility if we wanted to take Stateline into next year or portion of Stateline if we choose to do that. So that optionality will play itself out subject to many different variables as we progress to the second half of the year. As it relates to over concerns you know we also have kind of healthy dense in concern of what’s going on in the market. And you know we said before the ITC extension that there was a concern around oversupplies as we went into ‘17. You know clearly I think the TIC extension provides a different view of the horizon beyond ‘16, they maybe not have as much resiliency or robustness of demand in ‘17 but currently it drive more demand into ‘18, ‘19 and ‘20 in particular. We are very though encouraged by where the international markets are trending, lot of new opportunities happening internationally, but we are obviously aware of what’s going on in terms of what the additional capacity plans are and the implications relative to support our demand. What I will say as well as we increase the overall competitiveness of our product especially from Series 4 to 5 and then eventually get into the Series 6. We believe we have a very strong technology and a cost advantage technology that whether those types of potential disruptions around supply and demand. Operator: And we’ll now take our next question from Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer.
Mark Widmar: Yeah, is only I guess I would add is just it does vary by region and it varies by customer and ultimately what is their overall consumer relationship with particular customer and their understanding of kind of the First Solar value proposition and back ability. So it all does somewhat vary and so you can see different behaviors across the region by customers and what they value. And ultimately if they looked upon and to be long term owner of the asset or they looked upon just be the developer and then sell down the asset. So al that comes into play as we think about how we engage the customer and then ultimately how do we capture the best value for our product now as communicated because we have optionality that plays to our strength, right. So we will target those types of opportunities that we can capture the highest margin entitlement relative to the product and solutions that we provide to the customer.
James Alton Hughes: So first let’s talk about the impact of Southern Edison. At this point, I mean it gets too early for us to really be able to distill and impact of Southern Edison on the market. And I think the concerns at Southern Edison was pricing aggressively and impacting the market. I mean we’ve really haven’t seen that dynamic in the market for at least six to nine months as there is sort of financial distress has become apparent. So I don’t expect any sudden change as a result of the filing. They at least on the North American front had been active of probably the last six to nine months. Generally what we are seeing in the North American market is very robust demand. I think we have a lot of customers and a lot of opportunities where customers are having to resort the timing given the ITC change and try to figure out what they are going to do, when and how their procurement programs are going to be built up, but the conversations are robust and the demand is there. So I think we all feel remarkably positive about the North American market.
James Alton Hughes: Yeah, so when you think about the guidance we brought about 50% in the first half, 50% in the second half. So really where we are right now is kind of the transition of period for our Systems business, so we are starting to see projects such as somewhere takes out in the coin you know and even Stateline start to ramp down. But at the same time we are starting to see other projects like CA Flats, we haven’t sold Moapa yet, we’re expecting to sell Moapa in the second half of the year and then we are seeing our switch station project start to ramp up in the second half of the year well. So it’s really - it’s a ramp down of some of our Systems projects have been in construction over the last year and then we don’t start to see a ramp up with the new assets until we start to enter into the July timeframe. So it’s a transitionary period. So we’ll see more module only type of and module plus type revenue in the second quarter, so you’ll see a slight drop in earnings associated with that. In terms of capacity, visibility, you know it’s - as we’ve always said, it’s going to be driven by highly reliable predictable demand and so it’s a demand driven you know pull versus a capacity push. And you know we’re starting to see obviously not on here in the U.S. but internationally a significant you know increase in demand in our pipeline - it was reflected in our pipeline and you can see there is a lot more international. So it’s not necessarily discreet to one particular region, it’s not discreet module versus systems and you know so it’s a holistic comprehensive analysis of the global demand and expectations across multiple product offerings and ultimately kind of and form our view around the capacity and the right time to add it.
James Alton Hughes: So the last four years, we had a couple of overwriting factors, they drove a lot of what we are trying to accomplish as a company. One was, we wanted to restore cost leadership and substantially improve our technology and that was an overwhelming sort of focus on what we wanted to do. In addition you had the potential ITC fall away which created a very significant distortion in the market place and you were trying to plan around that distortion. And it’s not an easy business task to sort of blow those two together and figure it out. As I look at the task that Mark and the team going to talk on over the next four years, we have a much clear view see demand with no big distorting events within the next sort of four to five year time horizon at least that we know about today. And we have a position of technology leadership that we’re going to increase upon as oppose to try to get back and achieve. So I think it will be a little less lumpy and feel a little more robust and perhaps the last four years where we have a lot of challenges to overcome which we successfully working. I think this is less about overcoming challenges and more about capitalizing upon the strong incredible opportunities that are out there for the company.
James Alton Hughes: So I think everybody is going to get a bit of an education on the bankruptcy proms so over the next six to nine months. The bankruptcy court has broad powers to deal with contracts and entered into. And utilities will not be able to terminate those contracts even if they have the right to do so without the approval of the bankruptcy court. So I think what we will see happen is there will be a long period of uncertainty and I personally don’t think we’re going to see a lot of progress or a lot of definition around their project for certainly the next three to four months and probably closer to six months. And then as the credit estimating and the bankruptcy state works through, all of the mechanics of bankruptcy, they’ve got bigger on everything that’s going to be challenges or preference, everything that’s going to challenges of fragile and convince. And bear in mind the very large transactions that were done in the year prior to the bankruptcy finally they will have to work through the big pieces of litigation with the yield goes and the failed deals and try to resolve all of that. So as bankruptcies go, there is a lot of big issues that is going to have to dealt with before I think they can get to some of the more - sort of ordinary course of business types. So - and then the impact on the market whether the volumes are going to get builds and whether the utilities are going to re-procure, I simply think that that will play out very slowly over the remainder of 2016.
James Alton Hughes: So there’s not been a lot of pushback from customers. There is generally been an enthusiastic response from customers especially in the North American circumstance which is where the economics work the best. There are projects or bidding opportunities out there where we have qualification issues where Series 5 is not been in existence long enough to qualify. That’s not really a challenge for us because we are going to continue to manufacture Series 4 as far into the future is we can see. And we can also adjust the ratio of Series 4 and Series 5 production relatively easily. It’s the same basic production platform with the backend added. So there is a great deal of flexibility in shipping production between Series 4 and Series 5. And as we began to see where the demand is going to be over ‘17, ‘18 and ‘19 and began to see where the adoption of Series 5 is going to be. We’ll be able to tailor sort of the rollout of that and adjust the production of 4 versus 5 fairly easily. So I don’t think we feel like there is whole lot of challenge in those issues.
James Alton Hughes: I’ll let Mark comment on that. On the when does is it qualify; it’s - the rules are different everywhere in the world and even different places within the U.S. and I can’t really generalize any answer. To date, we’ve only come across one circumstance where a customer has an issue - has a problem, so it’s not going to be widespread and not something that we are losing lot of sleepover.
James Alton Hughes: So on the asset sales, we included the investment, you know the gain on the sale of the restricted investments as we rebalance the portfolio to again better match the current currencies of investments with the underlying currency of the obligations. So that happened during the quarter and as I indication it’s about $0.20 and that in our guidance for the full year. As it relates to other asset sales, there are not any other items in our guidance at this point in time. Are there any other potential asset sales that could happen during this balance of the year? There is a couple, you know we still have facilities in Europe, in Asia Pacific that we are marketing, you know there is always potential opportunity that something like that could happen but there is no assume benefit of that included in our guidance at this point in time. Look, we are very confident in our ability to extract value from the module and the energy density advantages that we have and we show that in the Analyst Day that advantage will improve overtime. And then with Series 5 and particularly when you normalize for effectively the same form factor as crystalline silicon, there is advantages, we talked about that in terms of labor cost, fewer flips and connectors and those types of things that it will help drive as a cost of that product as it relates to overall cost to install. So we are very comfortable in terms of translating our technology advantage and also normalize in the form factor that that will translate into value. The bookings, yes, the bookings that were reflected in the quarter were primarily modules and there was - it has little inventory that we sold during the quarter that would be below market expectation around value for the module. So there were some of that we sell them. It was around 40 megawatts or so, so that did bring down the average ASP that’s implied by the booking. I would also will tell you is that there is rounding in those numbers so I understand the simply later space of map is going to tell that but there is rounding both ways that won’t get exact same answer.
James Alton Hughes: Sure. First on the timing and the transaction, you kwon success it’s something board not have been discussing for quite a while. And this - I would describe this is perhaps slightly accelerates from maybe where we would have thought it was going to be a year ago, but it was clearly a plan that we had in place. We’ve taken some organizational steps to prepare for it, some of which the market was aware of. We are transitioning from one strategic plan that we satisfied and we’re embarking upon a second division 2020 plan. We have a lot of big fundamental decisions, they are good decisions, they are how we are going to best capitalize on our opportunities. And I think the board and I found like that this was the right time to let a new management team colorless around those decisions. So they don’t have - my heavy hand hanging over them and they reflect the views, thoughts and the beliefs of that team because obviously both I and the board want that team to be accountable for meeting the results that are promise. So just for a verity of reasons it felt like the right time, it felt what way to the board, it felt that way to me, Mark was comfortable with it was the right time to transition in terms of a candidate available to fill his role at least on an interim basis. So it’s a verity, it’s a whole verity of reasons and everybody is very, very comfortable with it.
James Alton Hughes: I’ll comment a little and then I’ll let Mark add to. The dynamics on pricing vary from markets to markets. And there is some markets where we feel like we have leverage often time that’s tied to specific competitive factors related to the technology or customer relationships, other markets less so. I’d say at this stage with respect to the back half of the year and certainly for the next year, we are still in the mood where we are optimizing sales against margin. In other words we are chasing every opportunity that presents itself. We have the ability to pick and choose the opportunities that were chasing in order to maximize the margin every incremental sales that we achieve. So that is generally indicative of an environment where I wouldn’t say we have pricing power but we have that ability to optimize. So that’s a sign of at least while it’s a reasonable sign of health with respect to the market is how I would describe it.
James Alton Hughes: So we’re continuing to assess and evaluate you know work very closely with SunPower as well as the independent directors of the board of 8point3 understanding kind of current market dynamics the ability to dropdown projects that are accretive for 8point3 as well as provide drive return to First Solar shareholder. We still believe that you know there is a tremendous value at our investment, that’s way to say it to shareholder of 8point3. Clearly there are some market dislocations right now that are impacting that. We believe overtime the investor will better understand quality of these assets, the investor grade off takers, the relatively low variability around the solar assets. The equity will perform overtime. Now whether that completely happens in time for us to dropdown more often Stateline, you know yet to be determined. We’ll evaluate that and we have other options that we choose to pursue that you know similar what we did with Stateline when we sold a portion of Stateline to Southern, so you know we went and then increased the growth by identifying switch which is a large project that will tick COD in 2017 as a potential dropdown to 8point3. So if we made a decision around one of the other assets, you know whether it’s Moapa, Stateline, you know we have more than enough contracted assets that if we chose to we can get replaced and put them into a cadence where some more natural dropdown to 8point3. As we said in the 8point3 area, we already have with the current assets that have been dropdown now with Hooper and we had been completed here recently - excuse me Hopper and [indiscernible] being completed here recently. We have the ability to grow our dividends through the end of ‘17. So we have the luxury of optionality and patience and we’ll evaluate that and see what makes the more sense overtime.
