Mark Widmar: It's hard to go forward with too much detail -- or specifics. But what we said before, even with the commitment when we first launched Series 6 and then obviously a significant cost reduction from Series 4, but that initial indication which was about a 40% reduction relative to our Series 4 cost. But that wasn't necessarily an endpoint of a destination that we still had room to run. And the two most significant levers around that are continuing to drive up our efficiency. And then if we can drive incremental throughput across each of our factories, those will have some significant impacts on the cost per watt, and enable us to continue to drive the cost down to create an advantaged position on a cost position to our competition, which is the ultimate goal that we had. Clearly it is challenging in terms of what we're seeing in the marketplace with some of our competitors and their cost. But we think the final destination still allow us to have an advantage position. There's other things we got to work through though that helps us through that destination. And one is the frame. We've talked before about the frame, and even the design of the frame is actually adding cost to the module. So we've got to optimize against the frame. And it really is an optimization across the frame and the glass, so it's a combination of glass thickness and the associated frame that the packaging, that those three components the two sheets of glass and the frame make up a very significant percentage of the overall build material. So how do we optimize against that and drive that down from where it is right now. And, yes, we've got a number of options around how to do that. And then we just need to continue to drive and improve our yields. I Would say the other one that's a little bit of a headwind right now is your yields, as I highlighted, we're at 90-91, and we need to drive that up. So it's not only driving the yields up, it's also where does scrap occur within the manufacturing process. And the more that we see the scrap loss in the backend of the factory it just drive a higher cost because the majority of the bam is already incurred at that point in time. So there's a lot of things we need to do along those lines, but I don't think there should be a view that there's not additional room still to go and continue to drive to as the lowest optimal cost point. A lot of work though to make it happen, but we got to first figure out second-half of this year, and then carry it forward from there.
Mark Widmar: Yes, so, look, I'm real happy with the two gigawatts or so, north of 2 gigawatts on a gross basis of bookings. I mean that the ASPs that we're realizing on the incremental volumes is consistent with what we saw in the first-half. So if I look across the north of four gigawatts of bookings that we have year-to-date, that ASP is very firm and consistent really across that entire volume. And really only variation you have is what year are you shipping in, right. So some of the bookings that we had in the first quarter still were at 2020, now we're all into '21, we've got some bookings out in '22, and even some that touch into '23. So the real variation that you see right now around the ASP depends on the year which you're bookings against. But we've been pretty pleased with how firm the market has been.
Mark Widmar: Yes, and just -- and you got to remember too, just the natural cadence is going to be that as we ship you know, we're shipping 19 volumes and we're replacing them with 21 or later volumes, you're going to see some natural erosion of that metric. But at the same time you'll see margin expansion because the cost profile that we'll have in that horizon is going to be much more advantage relative to what we're -- what our current costs of our Series 6 production is. So you've got to look at it from both perspectives, but the metric in and of itself naturally is going to trend down over time.
Mark Widmar: Yes, I do the bookings in the class and I'll let Alex talk to the gross margin but yes. I've been real happy with the ability of our sales team to engage with customers and to get to an opportunity to book volumes that are sitting that far out in the horizon. But one of the things as I said in the prepared remarks is that there is a significant undertone of wanting to lock into multi-year agreements. Having certainty around the technology and ability to deliver the committed band of which they're going to rely on and then design around and the fact that we'll stand behind the contracts and there's not going to be repricing or anything else along those lines. And I think that's playing to our strength. The two large orders that we have for the first half of this year one in Q1 and the other one here and even the one that we said that there is a Phase 1 and a Phase 2 really is reflective of that. And it's really the confidence in developing those types of relationships with our partners and obviously a shared commitment and trust and having gotten in certain situations been put in difficult situations by some of our competitors at various points in times and given safe harbor and other things that are in front of us. Nobody wants to be in that type of position where they have a partner that is unable to supply them or deliver against their commitments. So I think that's playing to our strengths, so yes we have sort of given an indication of second half weighted bookings, we clearly are ahead of where we thought we would be. There's still a lot of opportunity even yet for the balance of this year. As we said we still are confident our ability get to at least a one to one booking ratio which I would say we've got another 1.2 gigawatts or so something in that range. We've got a couple of pretty significant deals that hopefully we can be able to bring across the finish line over the next few quarters. So I think we can get there but have been very pleased with what we're seeing from that standpoint. On the capacity side, it's really it's a debottlenecking, it's also it's basically there is some CapEx that you think about where your constraint is and your production process and then adding a little bit of capacity there or resiliency, redundancy and that creates incremental throughput across the remaining operations. And so there's a little bit of that. It's not a significant CapEx and if we are successful we can roll it out within a matter of a few quarters across the balance of the fleet is the only real lead time issue is just to the extent there's capital requirement is just lead time from the vendor to provide the capital. But it's relatively short time from the point of decision to actually see in the benefit of the throughput.
Mark Widmar: We are looking at Series 4 and opportunities for that, we have gotten requests from customers around availability of Series 4, you got to remember for sure right now we're running two factories in Malaysia excuse me of Series 4. And we've heard them KLM 1-2, and KLM 3-4, 3-4 for sure is closely shutting down, we're going to ramp that up or going to get Series 6 production out of that product most likely by the end of 2020. It's matter what we do with KLM 1-2 and there's a couple of different things, there's someone here domestically in the U.S. and we've got some pull from customers right now to do few things, safe harbor as well as we have some examples which customers are actually having issues with damaged modules, hail damage in particular and asking if there's a way not for solar technology but silicon technology and asking if there's a way that we could probably help support their needs where they may actually replace some of the crystal silicon and use First Solar product. We only have a Series 4 that could actually accommodate that type of request. There's other opportunities we pull through of opportunities internationally for Series 4 in some key markets. So we're looking at that and there's some synergies that we capture think of it as the purchasing power across the glass while the actual form factor of the glasses is not the same between Series 4 and Series 6. There are some synergies along that aggregate purchasing power buying breaks and the like that we could maybe get some additional leverage only for better pricing on cost on Series 4 but potentially better cost on Series 6, so there's a lot of options that are being looked at. We'll have more information around that probably in the upcoming guidance call that we'll do by the end of the year.
Mark Widmar: Yes, so there is I think what we've highlighted and I think was in the last earnings calls, maybe 1-4 that we have put a new leadership team in place and we are evaluating kind of the long-term relative competitive position of our own EPC offering and trying to determine what is the right strategy and the view is very simple, if we can be best in class as it relates to our EPC execution then similar to what we feel like we're best in class in O&M, we're best in class on our module technology if we can do the same with EPC then that'll be the path that we'll pursue if we can't then we'll have to look at options. As Alex indicated in his remarks that we have structured two deals here recently that were only the sale of development assets with follow-on module sale agreement. We chose not to engage with EPC execution at this point in time just given the uncertainty and the changes that we're going through until we can get our feet back underneath us, it's hard to sort of make additional commitments. As it relates to the existing projects and the execution against the existing projects, I think the team has made some very good progress getting where we need to be on cost and schedule. We still need to go. We still need further to go in terms of our ability to meet and satisfy our customers expectations whether it's third-party EPC for example, I would say that we haven't necessarily lived up to a standard that we want to live up to in terms of customer experience and we've got to do better job from that standpoint. But look there's a lot of moving pieces that we're looking at in evaluating a number of different options and we'll look to give you more color when we have more details.
Mark Widmar: I don't have the two orders that we got for this quarter, were new customers, I don't have that exact mix between, what sits in there that turns into existing customers versus new customers. I would argue, though, that there is a pretty high percentage of that pipeline that the customers that we've done business with that's largely representative of what you see in the marketplaces, you know, the next areas of the world, the ETFs of the of the world and others. I mean, they're going to be key customers. And they'll be not only in our contracts volume, but they'll be in our pipeline volume as well.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So I mean, let's be clear. I mean, as it relates to the battery, it clearly enhances the overall solar value proposition. We've talked about this before, as we've moved from energy only contract to -- we refer to as flexible solar generation, which allows you to effectively provide value beyond the energy, which could include ancillary services. And we've been -- without being able to leverage that in some key markets and some opportunities. And we've done a number of studies, whether we've done a study with CAISO and NREL, we've done a study with E3 and TECO around that demonstrates kind of that flexible solar value proposition. And then, it gets into dispatchable energy. And so, that's the evolution that we see. And we do believe that you can get to a relatively high solar penetration in a number of key markets before you ultimately have to get to battery integration, but the market starting to trend that way, we do you think it sort of creates this disruptive opportunity where you can displace the deal that we want with APS and what we refer to as our some strange street project, that was an all resource. We competed solar against gas peaker and other forms of generation, and we were able to win a portion of that RFP. So I think it just, it further enhances the overall value proposition. Now as it relates to technology. I mean, the technology, as it evolves right now is dominated by lithium ion and it's really leveraged off of the scale that's being created through ED. And I see that as kind of the near-term, the most competitive solution that will be in the marketplace. So I wouldn't expect us to get into the battery side of it. Now on the power plant control side and the optimization and dispatching of the energy generation and optimizing that against the -- and for example, when we are done with APS there's a pricing tier structure that determines the energy value that's being generated and how do you optimize charging of the battery versus statute of the battery to capture and to optimize and to capture the highest value, those are the things we'd like to stay close to, we think that fits in. We'll do O&M on that plant; we already have the power plant control. So it's more or less modification of a capability we already have that further enhances the value proposition that we can provide to the customer. So that's how we see, it's an important piece it will evolve. Near-term I think you can see a quite high solar penetration before you have to get into dispatch for generation but in some markets like California; the value proposition is a little bit different and more immediate need potentially and points of time throughout the year. You'll see more battery installations there. You'll see some in the Nevada, you'll see some here in Arizona, but number of other markets are probably way too early in their evolution to really require at this point in time.
