Mark Widmar: All right. Thanks Phil. I'll try to hit on all three of those. In terms of bookings -- and first of all what I'd like to say about the bookings if you look at our pipeline of opportunities that we highlighted in the presentation, we effectively -- if you look at our mid to late stage opportunities have doubled. I think our last quarter we were right around nine gigawatts now we're sitting at 21 gigawatts, so more than double that. And we've almost tripled the opportunities that we have in the US last quarter, we were six and change on the US for mid to late-stage in this quarter we're sitting north of 18. So I feel really good about the robustness and the opportunity for us. And then what's encouraging I somewhat indicated in my prepared remarks is that -- these are multiyear agreements, multi-gigawatt agreements a number of them are. And we are working a framework there that has construct that allows for optionality in our roadmap to make sure that we can be monetized. So we talked on the last call, for example, that we are looking to now enable bifaciality for CadTel. So to the extent that we do that then there's a predetermined value lever that is associated with that bifaciality and then it drives to accretion to the ASP. There's other components in there that are structured such that for domestic content requirements that may evolve with the ITC there's an associated value lever associated with that. So I'm really happy with the engagement that we're seeing right now, not only here in the U.S. but obviously in India. I mean to have a 17 gigawatts of opportunities in India already, just after only a little over a quarter or so since we've announced the factory expansion. It's really nice to see that level of engagement involvement and robustness that we have for our India factory. So we are encouraged. We are also -- I would say that the sales cycle customer engagement is probably a little bit longer, partly because we are looking multi-years out into the horizon and we're also trying to create the optionality and we're also trying to make sure we've got good visibility with all the various levers that could come into the mix, whether it's tariff, trade policies, whether it's industrial policies, we want to make sure that we have clarity around some of those levers as we start to enter into some of these contracts. Encouraged by the pricing. If you look at where we are and how pricing is firming up here in the U.S. And even what we're seeing in India is it becomes more of a domestic manufacturing market, we're encouraged by what we're seeing there as well. So all that, I would say, put us very positive and trending in the right direction. The reconciliation bill and in particular the manufacturing tax credit, the spirit and the intent of that has been to be additive. So the components are additive. We -- there has been some additional clarifying language that I believe was push forward in a manager's amendment yesterday to make sure there is clarity that it is additive. We believe its additive for the cell and module level at a minimum and is being evaluated whether potentially could be additive beyond that. So we're encouraged by that. We think the bill is structured in a way that it will provide the domestic capability that we need to ensure our self-reliance and long-term energy independence and security. So that's obviously moving in the right direction. That's still -- a long way still to go to get it all the way over the finish line, but the way it's constructed right now, we're very encouraged by them. And we think it will enable the long-term strategic objectives we need as a nation. Capacity expansion, Phil, we've already been working with our tool suppliers. We kind of got them on this six-month window. We've got Perrysburg expansion first and then six months later the India expansion and then we've already been working with them to think through another factory within six months after that, which would effectively say that we could bring another factory online sometime early 2024, depending on where it could be, it could be here in the U.S. it could be in India, it could be somewhere else. But we are trying to make sure that we have that forward visibility of what we're looking for in ensuring that that capability will be there if we made the decision to expand beyond our current commitments on capacity.
Mark Widmar: Yeah. And I guess on the PLI Julien, first off, I'd just like to reference again as I said in my prepared remarks, it was a pleasure to get a chance to spend some time with Prime Minister Modi in D.C. And we talked through this a little bit and he's very encouraged that First Solar is making a commitment to India and creates basically a footprint of diversification that they're looking for, right? So we are completely decoupled from a Chinese supply chain. And we're a vertically integrated factory within the four walls. And so to truly enable kind of their focus on concern around overreliance, concern about energy independence and security we're really a strategic enabler of that accomplishing that. His commitment to me was during their conversation was that he would ensure we would get our fair share of the PLI. So I feel encouraged by that statement and that commitment. The PLI is still being worked through. There is some -- the first request for the PLI have been made. If you look at the scoring -- our current scoring would not necessarily indicate we would receive an allocation of PLI, but we are working through that. The -- his administration is also looking to expand beyond what was originally allocated to -- because there was such an overwhelming request to expand the funding requirements for PLI. So -- and there's also potentially another path that we could pursue that would give an equivalent PLI benefit even though it wasn't directly funded through the PLI program. So we're working on different options. As I said before, our business case was not predicated on receiving the PLI. If we received it, it was a benefit and an upside. We have other incentives that are moving forward. We're receiving an incentive for our CapEx that we're spending on the factory which is a 24% credits that we'll receive to offset the cost of that capital. There's other incentives that we're receiving related to labor. There's a 10-year incentive for a 20% rebate against our cost of labor and there are some other incentives that we are pursuing and those are all trending green. So PLI right now is still being managed. I still believe we'll be able to find an outcome that will be a positive outcome for us. But even without it we still are very confident with our business case in India and our relative competitiveness of our new product and our new factory in the India market. Pricing for 2023 what I would say is that where we are marking it currently right now is encouraging. And especially with the value levers that I referenced as potential upside as well. We are encouraged by what we're seeing and we feel very confident in our ability to see a very attractive pricing not only 2023, 2024 and then potentially into 2025 as we enter into some of these long-term agreements.
Mark Widmar: So, if you think of it this way. I mean look freight cost right now is up 70%, 80%, 90%. And so we've kind of created a level of which we're willing to accept but a high percentage of that will now be passed through directly to our customers versus us sharing or carrying that entire risk on our ledger.
Mark Widmar: Yeah. So look, there's a lot of moving pieces in the CapEx right now for both of the factories and some positive and some challenging, right? And one of the unfortunate reality of sales rate or freight in general I should say, carries itself all the way through our tool set and delivering of those tool sets to our factories, right? So we are seeing some higher costs there. We've seen some other benefits relative to our original assumptions around the equipment cost that are more favorable. So, as we review, which we do every month the status of those two expansions and then the relative CapEx relative to the goals and also what we committed externally. The numbers are still lining up. The thing that could impact schedule per se would be long delayed in transit delivery schedule of the equipment set. And so we are trying to get ahead of that and we're trying to move that forward. And we've accommodated for some longer in-transit delivery times. But everything we see as of right now, we're still on target basically within the budget which we've communicated externally as well as the schedule when those factories will be up and operational.
Mark Widmar: So first off, the way it's been structured right now, Ben, it's a refundable tax credit. So we don't have to have sufficient tax capacity to monetize it. To the extent we do have a tax liability then the credit would have offset that portion. And to the extent the credit was in excess of our tax liability then it would be a refundable credit that would be paid back to us by the US government. Ben, it's -- you can do the math, right? And the numbers can be pretty significant at $0.11 a watt. I mean you take $0.11 a watt across our US capacity, call it, three gigawatts for the US without the expansion. And then with the expansion you had another 3.3 gigawatts. So we're a little bit north of 6 gigawatts, in the way that it would work right now again with the module and the cell being additive, then you would be entitled to $0.11 for every watt of which we ship to produce and ship after beginning, let's say, it this way beginning January 1, 2022. So anything that we're producing right now would not be eligible for that even though it would potentially ship next year. But anything that we produce next year and ship then we would be entitled to a credit that as it currently is positioned would be a minimum of $0.11 a watt.
Mark Widmar: So the one issue with us is that we're not seeing a lot of stuff moving. And the -- what's happening right now is unfortunately -- obviously not all of our customers are 100%. There are a couple which I do thank them very much. So the fact they're 100% committed to First Solar's technology but not all of them are. And they're getting reneged on or pushed out by our competitors. And so in some cases if they have a commitment with us on the books and the project discretely which that was associated with may be moving they're looking to take that volume and allocate it to another project that they're unable to get module supply for. So for us it's not much of an impact because nobody wants to give up the opportunity that they've got secured right now with us. And so what they're doing is taking delivery of modules and then using them in other projects. So I know others are seeing that impact. I know projects truly are slipping or getting pushed out. We're just not seeing much of that impact yet.
Mark Widmar: Yes. As it relates to CuRe. So where we are with CuRe right now again there's two challenges, right? And one is our ability and the timing to replicate. We were in the process of upgrading our factories Malaysia, Vietnam to enable the CuRe production process which there are certain tools the oven in particular that has to be upgraded. And we have not been able to do that with the restrictions that have been placed on us because of the COVID pandemic and the Delta variant spread in the way that it has over the last several months things are getting better. So that's obviously all positive. But that's been a huge constraint and that delays our ability to roll out. Now before that even as we sit with where the solution development phase is right now we are behind where we want to be as it relates to -- if you think about the attributes of CuRe what's the value of CuRe? Well first and foremost is the improved long-term degradation rate. The other is higher efficiency. And then finally, it's the better temperature coefficient. So we've actually closed the gap between our existing product and the CuRe degradation rate which we highlighted on the call that now we're at a 0.3 annual degradation rate based off of the studies that we've done and further validation with third-party methodologies that we're at 0.3 and we'll go forward with 0.3 right now but that's still higher than our 0.2. It's best-in-class industry, but not to the level that CuRe was going to take us to. The efficiency, at least as we exit this year we're recovered about two bins on efficiency with our existing products. So we've closed a little bit of that gap, but we're slightly off on efficiency from where we want to be. And then, on the temperature coefficient, so we are -- the temperature coefficient is not as favorable with our existing product is where we want to be with CuRe. Now we've been able to validate through our laboratory work as well as individually each one of those attributes through our pilot line. But when we take it into high-volume manufacturing there are certain attributes that are becoming more challenging as we try to take it into high-volume manufacturing. One is the handling of the product. So the -- I would say the film is not as resilient yet, as our current device is and therefore handling becomes much more of a concern. So we've got to work through that, two ways. One is to improve potentially how we handle the product in the production process the other is, to make the film a little bit more resilient to enable that to happen. The other is it is currently the atmosphere and the effects of humidity in particular is a little bit more challenging than what we have with our existing products. So we've got to work through that. So we know we can solve each one of those. It's just a matter of time and to do it in high-volume manufacturing. And that means we're going to have to run. And so that's part of it. We've been doing runs. And we've been doing designs of experiments to validate and learn and evolve. So it's a matter of finalizing that effort. It's not an issue with the viability of the technology, as we've seen demonstrated either through the laboratory work or even the pilot line or we call it a quip line validation of those discrete attributes that we need in order to get to the program objectives for CuRe. And so we're working through each and every one of those. And our current view is right now we'll have our lead lineup and running by the end of Q1 of 2022. And then from there, once we have that validated then we'll make a decision on the replication throughout the balance of the fleet as well as the – hopefully, we're seeing some positive signs of ability to travel and to get in country into Vietnam and Malaysia to start the upgrade process. So once we have that validation through our lead line, we can start the replication process but that is still a constraint. We need to be able to get in country to upgrade the tool sets. And if unfortunately over the winter months, we see a new variant or something else that comes through and we're unable to travel in country then that's going to create further delays that we'll have to manage. What we have right now is the range that we've given to these are all going to be subject to negotiations with customers that we're going to have to work through. And we started them. Some of them have been pretty positive. Some of them have not, been as positive. And so we felt it was prudent to provide some potential impact to the extent that we are delayed in the rollout that we could see some adverse impact to our revenue next year, which if you look at the volume which we're going to ship next year we're talking somewhere around $0.01. But when you take a $0.01 across eight to nine gigawatts of shipments it becomes a pretty material impact pretty quickly. So we just wanted to make sure that it was transparent.
Alex Bradley: So the only other thing I'd add is that, we talked about the potential for putting some debt on the balance sheet associated with the additional factories we're looking at right now. Given the policy environment we're seeing the ASP environment we're seeing, if we added additional capacity, that would obviously be very cash-generative, but there may be a bridge where that would be helpful in terms of the timing of CapEx, let's say, with those new factories before they came online. So as we think about the balance sheet and how we look at funding the amount of capacity already, that might impact how we look at it, depending on whether we see the possibility for additional capacity beyond currently in our factories.
Alex Bradley: Hey, Julien. I’ll start on the shipment fee. So I would say, we're seeing poor congestion and general issues in the shipping market, be as bad today as we've seen them. So I don't see any improvement, if you look at the cost of sales rate we indicated for the quarter, that's still raised. I would say though that absent -- we still see some issues around blank sailings. In general, I have good confidence in our shipment numbers for the year. The delta comes a little bit in how much will that will be put through the P&L in terms of revenue recognized. So if you look at Q3, we managed to hit our expected shipment numbers, but we were low to the tune of somewhere around 300 to 400 megawatts in terms of the expected volume of revenue recognized and that's a function of transit times. So if you go back to pre-pandemic times, we would normally see from factory gate to revenue recognition about two months from product leaving our Asia factories. That's increased by about 50%. So we're seeing closer to 90 days now for product coming from Asia into the US. So I think from a volume shifts, I've got a lot of confidence. And if you think about where we are today effectively for product coming from Asia, if it hasn't left the factory already, it's not going to get to destination, if it's the US by the end of the year. So we have reasonable clarity there. But again, the timing of the rev rec is a little bit different. Now we do expect to catch up a little bit on the rev rec side in the fourth quarter, partly of the mix shift. So we see a little more expected volumes to be revenue recognized coming from either Perrysburg or our US distribution center. There's also a slight mix shift in terms of income terms in there as well. So good confidence on shipments still a bit of uncertainty on revenue recognition.
Alex Bradley: Yeah. The other thing I'd add just on that is its pricing and also risk terms. So there is a view of changing risk profile around sales rate for instance that we're looking at in 2023 relative to historical contracts. So may not necessarily influence the overall ASP but does change the risk shift especially in the market we're seeing sales rate being a higher cost today.
Alex Bradley: We're looking -- we're changing the allocation of risk and contracts so that we have sharing or pass-through of certain costs to the customers given the uncertainty around shipment.
Alex Bradley: So, if you look through the various moving pieces across the year, so Mark in his prepared remarks mentioned that there'll be some impact from our timing around CuRe. There'll be some specific impact related to that timing. We also will see some impact from overall cost per watt. So, the factory upgrades not only impact CuRe, but impact overall cost per watt. Without them we have less watts. Therefore, we have less amortization of fixed costs going across the capacity we have. We've seen commodity price pressures. So, I think in the prepared remarks, we talked about our year-over-year cost watt produced being down about 5% versus our previous expectation of 9%. That's mostly bill of materials issues. On the long-term, we believe that gets resolved but we do see short-term pressure especially on the aluminum side. From a sales rate perspective, I would say that you're going to see the run rate you're seeing in the second half of this year most likely carry forward into next year. So, no sequential increase forecast today, but higher relative to pre-pandemic levels. If you look in 2022 overall as well, it's going to be the first year we don't have the US Systems business, although we will have some contribution from Japan on a company-wide gross margin level you're going to see some impact of that. And then I'd say the other piece you're going to see is the flip side of not having that US Systems business the strategic decision we made to exit was accompanied by a growth decision and you're going to see that come through later. But in 2022, we haven't yet got additional capacity in the US or in India online, but you are going to see the costs associated with that in terms of startup and ramp costs coming through. We talked on the last call about that being somewhere in the range of $60 million to $70 million per factory combined start-up and ramp and you'd see I think a little bit more than half of that total coming through in 2022 with the remainder coming in 2023. So, you're going to see some pressure on -- across the board in 2022. What I would say is if you then look forward and take that through into 2023, most of those short-term challenges don't tell the longer-term story. So, the CuRe delay that we talked about that impact will be felt from 2022 not in 2023. By 2023, you'll have over half of the ramp and start-up for the India and the US factory, which will have been spent sequentially year-on-year. Going 2022 to 2023, you're going to see a decrease in startup and ramp. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, ASPs right now we're seeing 2022 to 2023 are essentially flat in the backlog. And at the time when we have got pretty strong macro tailwinds right now on the bookings. We would expect sea cost per watt come down over the two years. From a volume produced and sold perspective, you're going to see volume come up as the factories come online in 2023. You're also going to see Series 7 come through. Right now we're not booking for that. As we mentioned on our last call, we expect to see about a $0.01 to $0.03 gross margin entitlement advantage associated with Series 7 relative to Series 6 and that's a benefit split across ASP cost per watt in sales rate. And then lastly on the sales rate side, you're going to see a benefit again in 2023 relative to 2022. I just talked about the contractual shift that we're making whereby we are capping effectively the amount of sales risk we take and the passing remainder through to customers. So, you are going to see that by virtue of a lot of those things an impact to gross margin in 2022 a lot of which will reverse out in 2023 and we'll give you more clarity and visibility into that when we give guidance in February.
Alex Bradley: Yes, this is Alex. I'll take quickly the -- we've guided to about $55 million to $70 million of gross margin assumption for Q4 associated with Japan assets.
