James Alton Hughes: So, first, let's talk a bit about what we see going into 2016 and 2017. As I said my comments, we're rapidly approaching a point where we don't have a lot to sell in 2016. That doesn't mean we lose the opportunity to create value. What we've found over the course of 2015 is that, as we get into a fully-allocated position, we begin to identify opportunities to move volume around, move projects around, change timing and optimize the value creation out of the full production capability of the fleet. So 2016, I think, as we roll through the next couple of quarters, we'll book the remainder of the year and then we'll spend a lot of the following year optimizing the deliveries and optimizing the timing of our projects. The final resolution of ITC and specifically the commence construction language for ITC could throw some curveballs at the industry and cause everybody to re-look at timing of projects and timing of deliveries, but we'll just deal with those issues as they play out in Washington, D.C. As for 2017, we've got a fairly good book of business post-2016. It is still early. As we've come to understand the rhythm and timing of the industry, we're still probably a couple of quarters away from when projects that are slated for 2017 will begin to aggressively engage on their module and EPC acquisition process. So I think we'll begin to get some visibility. I think our view, as we've stated before is, there will be some softness – some significant softness in the U.S. market. I don't think it disappears to a zero, but it will clearly be softer than in 2016. The effect of the expiration of the ITC has clearly been to accelerate demand from 2017 into 2016 on the North American front. Having said that, there's no impact on international demand as a result of the ITC, so all of our growing activity outside the U.S. continues to build on the solid base that we have, and we expect that that will grow on a fairly nice basis through 2017. As you all may have noticed over the last couple of years, some markets, India in particular, the bookings in that market tend to come very close to deliveries. We don't have a lot of advance visibility. We can predict based on the programs and our customers' activities, but in terms of them coming in as an actual booking, they tend to come relatively close to the delivery. So we're still a ways away from beginning to reflect that activity in our books. Some of the other markets are looking promising, but it's still a little too early to be able to tell. But generally, we expect a little bit of softness in North America, but we think we're going to see good activity elsewhere in the world. On the technology roadmap, there's been some recent commentary that is almost like a déjà vu. I feel like I've been magically transported back to 2012 and reading about a fading cost advantage, et cetera. I have absolutely no idea, Ben, where that commentary is coming from. The modules that we are producing today are higher efficiency, higher quality, and lower cost than anything we've ever produced. And as we laid out and showed everybody over the last two years or three years in Analyst Days, we have a committed technology roadmap that we continue to deliver on. We have occasionally made adjustments to that roadmap, but they're primarily to accommodate our need to produce product. They're not because we've had any sort of difficulty at any point in converting our technology roadmap into actual production and performance of the product. So we are as confident today as we have ever been in terms of our ability to compete in the marketplace, and I think the gross margins we're seeing out of all aspects of our business reflect the impact of that technology in the marketplace. So I don't know, Mark, if you have anything you want to add.
James Alton Hughes: Okay. On the future efficiency of the product, we have a very, very involved and sophisticated management process whereby we continuously evaluate the technology roadmap on a multifunctional, cross-functional basis within the organization. We make decisions against a degree of competence and statistical analysis that allows us to decide what we're willing to commit on a forward basis further out in time. Obviously, within that, you're going to use a greater degree of conservatism versus your roadmap the further out in time you are. But we are continuously applying in the marketplace our view of the roadmap. And we do so through extremely rigorous processes and only commit technology to the promise that we're willing to make in the marketplace once we feel like we have a high degree of confidence that we have moved from any sort of R&D type of circumstance to where it is simply a matter of executing on the production side. And that's essentially the methodology that we apply.
James Alton Hughes: So first, in terms of the forward pricing environment, we generally don't comment on that in these calls. So I'll kind of leave that for now. In terms of what we're looking at in India, we're continuously evaluating the markets in which we operate, and we're continuously and aggressively evaluating the capital markets as they relate to that specific market. Obviously, with a lot of the focus and attention on the TerraForm global offering, there's been lots of discussion about YieldCos being applicable to international markets. I think Mark and I have taken and the entire First Solar team, we've taken a fairly conservative and cautious wait-and-see approach. We think that it is entirely possible that over time you will see yields type vehicles developed that may relate to one or more markets outside of the United States. I think it is a product and an offering that will take investors a while to digest and understand, and I do think there are very real risks inherent in those products that will need a lot of thought and analysis as we move forward. So we don't have any immediate plans to do anything like that. We're taking fairly traditional approaches to the monetization of assets that we're creating in markets like India. But we also continuously look at new developments in the capital markets and the viewpoint and appetites that investors have for various things, and we will keep evaluating those things as we move forward.
James Alton Hughes: So the target of getting down to a $1 per watt is a target that we announced a long time ago in one of our Analyst Day meetings and we continue to make good progress. We, as of the last year-and-a-half or so, have not really broken down the details of that as we believe that it's competitive information. But we continue to make good progress. And you will hit that target at different times in different markets. Each market has its own cost structure, its own cost of labor, its own specific requirements in terms of site conditions, and even within markets you have a high degree of variability. So safe to say there are certain places in the world today that you can build for – something close to or even slightly below a $1 per watt. There are other parts of the world where it is substantially higher than that. So it's not a universal, simple, single answer, but we continue, as you have seen on the module side, make tremendous progress and we've made exciting and significant progress on the balance of system side, and we continue to have a relentless, almost religious focus on cost reduction as sort of core to the company's success.
James Alton Hughes: On TetraSun, so we continue to ramp the initial line. We have also been taking the product through both the qualification processes with the international qualification bureaus as well as a very rigorous qualification process for the initial customer. We're close to completing all of those activities. We will produce something on the order of 25 megawatts this year and then we'll continue to run that line next year. We have a number of conversations with a variety of customers underway about the destination for that production, and our goal is to successfully operate that line, have very high yields, very high quality and deliver that product to a handful of customers over the course of next year.
James Alton Hughes: I don't really think it's an either/or. Given the balance sheet that the company has, as long as the activities are well diversified and at appropriate risk levels, we really aren't particularly constrained in terms of our ability to pursue development activities. And the resources to pursue emerging market activities or activities outside of the U.S. versus the resources that pursue U.S. activities, they are really not common resources. There's a little bit of overlap on the engineering side, but by and large, those are independent skill sets and independently staffed teams and organizations. We have a fairly regional structure on the development side. We further committed to a regional focus with the reorganization and the appointment of Georges as the U.S. President and Joe as the International President. So it doesn't really present us with an either/or. We're going to pursue development in both the U.S., other OECD countries, as well as emerging market countries based upon the market specifics, the ability to create value out of the development process, the availability of a liquid market to monetize those activities on the backend, and it's not – we don't – really have not found ourselves in a position where we have had to think about or talk about an either/or in terms of evaluating those opportunities.
James Alton Hughes: Sure. I think I have less visibility on California and the 50% RPS. I mean, I think there's a tremendous amount of political will to get it done. I think that at that level, you are beginning to push the horizon to the point that there are practical issues associated with that level of penetration into the grid. They're not unsolvable. I just think it requires thoughtful analysis and dialogue, and I think that the resource planning process combined with the political process are kind of tied up in trying to figure those types of things out. And I – to be honest, I don't spend a ton of my time focused on it. We certainly have people within the organization that do, but I wouldn't feel comfortable providing a lot of commentary. On the ITC, there has been a lot of activity and a lot of discussion in Washington. As everybody knows, the fact that we are now in the heat of the 2015 presidential race kind of leaves us at a difficult time in terms of making progress on issues that require a lot of bipartisan support. There has been a lot of dialogue in the Senate about conforming the ITC to the same standard that applies to the PTC and providing commenced construction, determination for solar projects or alternatively to allow the solar projects to proceed under the same part as wind, which, the net effect of that would actually be the same thing. The House has not taken it up specifically. It would be unlikely to be included in any House legislation. It would get resolved to the extent a tax package moves ahead later this year in conference, and I do not consider myself enough of an expert that I can provide much insight into what the results of those conference negotiations would be. I will tell you that there's lots of effort and activity on the part of the industry and what we're really seeking with – for solar, specifically seeking is a smooth glide path with no sharp alterations in policy. We're not focused on long-term extensions of the ITC. We're just focused on trying to create a smooth transition and that's where most of our effort is. But I'm not one to provide a lot of prognostication as to what's going to happen or not going to happen in Washington.
James Alton Hughes: I think our answer to that will be the same as it has been historically, which is if we have meaningful customers that are interested in cooperating with us and pursuing that market, we will be more than happy to work with those customers. We're not going to go directly chase those customers ourselves. That has never been our business model or our expertise. Our deal sizes tend to be much larger than that. Certainly, we have a technology that's going to be increasingly applicable, and we do have aggregators of demand that have spoken to us about those markets, and I think you will see us move some volumes into those markets, but that will be more in terms of module supply and less in terms of as a developer.
James Alton Hughes: Thanks, guys, for the time. We feel like it was a good quarter and we have a very attractive and interesting future ahead, and so we'll talk to you all next quarter.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. The only thing I'll add on to that is that just to remind everyone what we said on the last call, we said with our lead line at that point in time north of 16% that we were – our cost per module was for those products were below $0.40 a lot, right? So we basically said at 16.3%, 16.2% cost of the module was below $0.40 a lot. Okay? We also just said that we now have a new module that certified of – north of 18%. As we indicated, the 200 basis points improvement that we saw year-on-year from our lead line represents an increase of 15% watts per nameplate label capacity, right? So when you take that all into consideration, and our efficiency roadmap is in such a way that we're able to drive to a higher efficiency, and it scales the cost down, so it's not incremental to the cost structure of the module on a cost per watt basis. So it's hard for me to get my head around how that can all translate into a disadvantage. We're being below $0.40 a watt today, and having a roadmap to get us north of 18% just on a pure cost basis. I can't see how that can create a disadvantage. And then when you couple that with the slide that we're showing on an energy density that we're 18% plus advantage in some parts of the U.S. on an energy basis in 2017, the combination to a higher energy and lower cost. I don't know how you conclude otherwise that we have an advantage.
Mark R. Widmar: On the discussion around what's happening with yields and a YieldCo market environment and then what our assumptions are relative to our 12% to 15%, as we said, when we were on the road show is we clearly are looking at this as a sustainable long-term vehicle that positions us for success, and in particular, we're trying to make sure that we're positioning ourselves for success beyond the 2016 horizon in the U.S. And we believe we've done that by putting together a ROFO and an IPO portfolio that effectively enables us to deliver against that growth through 2018 timeframe. Now, we also said on the road show that we left ourselves significant degrees of freedom to make decisions over time if rate did increase or environment change. We could look at the growth rate, we could look at the payout ratio, we could look at the leverage. So we'll continue to evaluate all of those levers and try to make an informed decision of what makes the most sense to enable both First Solar and SunPower's business model. As you can tell by the recent announcements for both by SunPower and First Solar, we continue to both be successful in the marketplace and not only with COD dates in the 2016 horizon, which both of us won 100 megawatts with NV Energy with CODs in 2016. But as Jim indicated, we're in negotiations with opportunities for hundreds of megawatts that sit beyond the 2016 horizon, which is the combination of enabling the strength of 8point3 with our advantage technology roadmap will continue to position us to gain share in that horizon. And when we do that, we'll make a decision around what's the right way to monetize those assets. And it may mean to drop those assets down into 8point3 and it may mean we'll evaluate the growth rate over time. We'll do whatever's in the best interest of not only 8point3 shareholders, but each of the respective sponsors.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah, I will take the first one and then Jim can do the TetraSun. So first off, Patrick, to make sure the comment was made during the call, if you caught it is that we envision that we will be running the entire fleet at the current lead line efficiency by the end of the year. So the 16.2% in the lead line, you would expect the entire fleet as we exit the year to be at 16.2% from that perspective. The comments around the utilization and the sold-out in the $0.40, to try to put that all in perspective, we effectively are running adjusted for downtime to realize upgrades that we need to do to drive those efficiency improvements. We effectively are running full outright now. We have no real available capacity. We have some discretionary capacity as it relates to the timing of doing the upgrade, and that's why you will see not this year, we're going to continue to roll out for the fleet, the lead line efficiency across the entire fleet, but as we enter into 2016, we're making some informed decisions to delay some of the roadmap enhancements in order to capture as much utilization as we can given the current demand profiles. So it's one of those things – it's a delicate balance. You have to look at where you are at with the efficiency roadmap, where you're from the relative competitiveness, and while we do believe, obviously, there's significant advantages that we'll gain as we continue to roll out our roadmap. But as we look at it today and then demonstrated it in the sides that we presented during the discussion today is that at our current 16%-type efficiency as we exit 2015, we will be advantaged in a number of key markets. And so now we've captured the advantage and we're trying to make sure that we can monetize that efficiently in 2016 and limit the amount of downtime. So you'll see a little bit of a delay in the roadmap and you'll see more of that activity happening in 2017. So again, it's a delicate balance between what do we run for utilization, how do we think through the efficiency roadmap, and where are we at in the relative competitiveness of our technology at that point in time.
Mark R. Widmar: No. I think that's right. We have seen a little bit of FX benefit on Malaysian ringgit, it hasn't been significant, but to Jim's point, largely where we hedge most of our exposure, so we haven't really seen a net benefit or a net adverse impact for FX so far this year.
