Jens Meyerhoff: So on Agua Caliente, Agua Caliente financing is progressing in line with our plants, but I think we're on track to close the financing latest early first quarter of next year. As you know, you finance a project like this and sometimes in your Q&A where it's said why you can't go faster, why hasn't this happened already, I'd like to remind you that we're financing $1 billion-plus PV power plant which is something that has not been done before. So the process of not only contract negotiation, but also educational customers, due diligence requirements take their due time. But we're looking at a good execution here. We have down and shortlisted partners and we're progressing according to plan.
Jens Meyerhoff: Okay. I'll take a crack at this one too. On the confidence, yes, we can reiterate the range of 500 to 700 megawatts today. I think we have the optionality in the existing portfolio and obviously, also through the development efforts of some of our partners where we provide EPC to hit that range. So I think we can reconfirm that range here today. As you think about the economics and as you think about that a large portion of the portfolio that we are realizing or intend to realize in 2010 came through acquisitions, I'd like to remind you under our framework these acquisitions were made. These acquisitions were made by valuing the acquired assets against our RONA requirements and RONA thresholds, so which means that the project portfolio in aggregate, out of these acquisitions, meets or exceeds that return requirement. Now what it means on an individual project basis as you may have project in the portfolios that could exceed those requirements, and you could have some of them that possibly could slightly fall short, so you've got to look at the entire mix of project in aggregate. But yes, they would need that.
Jens Meyerhoff: Let me repeat, the constraints in the execution of this project is not necessarily how many bidders you have, how much liquidity is offered throughout these transactions through various interested of parties. This is a very large scale power plant with the largest power plant in PV to date. And the due diligence requirements, the financing structures are more complex, so are the arrangement that take more time to structure and just to go through to due diligence and the whole legal review process. So as these things take time, I think should look at this as any other very other large scale financing. You don't complete a financing of this size and magnitude in a week or two. So at the same point in time, we like this process to be very competitive too. So we're trying to -- now that the price of electricity and everything is set, we're trying to maximize returns while at the same point in time, offer a very attractive investment opportunity.
Jens Meyerhoff: I think, maybe to add this, for the industry as a whole, I would expect that given that Germany as a market, right, is going to pull down the feed-in tariff by about 13% down, I think that should create at an industry level, a step function down a price decline. There's not enough surplus economic left on the market. Cost of capital are fairly well if rationalize. And so now on aggregate and the fact that we have not opportunistically raised prices in any type of spot market activity recently and already start to settle our prices towards 2011 expectations, the step function would be significantly less pronounced for us.
Jens Meyerhoff: So obviously, there's a certain working capital intensity to the fully integrated business model. And as we've stated in the past, on the large-scale projects, we generally seek financing to add up significant construction expenses. So in that case we're funding the development effort including the downpayment and deposits through our balance sheet or through letter of credit. But then we'd expect right to sale and half the project fully financed. So if you look at U.S., their liquidity needs based on our projection given the cash generation that we will see in the U.S. with a significant ramp of business activity, and given the increase, the revolving credit facility at the very attractive terms, those two pieces will provide adequate liquidity. The repatriation actually was not more driven by the change in tax loss rather than by bringing the money back in the future time that will create adverse impact with respect to cost of such repatriation. If you look at the two separately, they're really not necessarily being seen together.
Jens Meyerhoff: So the rebate, there's a continuation on the rebate program into next year. It would be broadened out. I mean, the way we monitor is obviously, we look at the rebate program. We also look at deal-by-deal pricing that we review. So from that perspective, I think we get a realtime feedback through the pricing process. Many also of fuel pricing events are happening in an open book process. So we understand cost structures, we understand economics across the different market segments well. So those programs, I think, have proven successful for us in 2010, and we've decided to continue those programs in 2011.
Bruce Sohn: Steve, it's Bruce. As mentioned earlier, we've got a variety of improvements that are going into the factories and what might be easy on smaller scale is something that is more complex when we're dealing with 24-line spread globally. We have good quality systems in place to ensure that the product that we're shipping is to our standards. But in the implementation, it becomes somewhat of a challenge and affected us in terms of yields and our equipment uptime to do the implementations. Nevertheless, we expect to continue to be on a cost-per-watt roadmap over the long term. We'll continue to implement changes routinely over time, but it takes a while for those things to propagate out.
Bruce Sohn: As mentioned, the increase in costs was really a direct result of the improvements that we're putting into the factories, and we expect to see those generate better efficiency in performance and lower costs. In terms of the exclusion that we mentioned last time, there were no additional costs incurred in Q3.
Bruce Sohn: Well, it's an ongoing process of implementing these things but certainly, we've learned considerably. And so the challenges that we had with equipment availability and yields, we don't expect to continue and expect the advantages of the process improvements to start to roll out and see better throughput, better performance, better efficiency and lower costs.
Robert Gillette: It's not specifically assigned to a given country, but it's with seven of our key partners and framework agreement, customers who have developed and applied new businesses. As I've said, we're developing and supporting them to develop markets beyond Germany, especially in Europe, but elsewhere in the world, help us grow markets in transition. And that business is incremental to the overall volume. So we have approximately a gigawatt or over contracted in that area in Europe when you combine these things. So we feel pretty good about that and so do our customers.
Robert Gillette: Well, we forecast really that Germany is, I think we mentioned or not specifically to be around seven to 7.2 gigawatts this year, which is an incredible growth year-over-year, driven in large part by the feed-in tariff changes and everyone wanting to get product in place and take advantage of that. So our forecast is for Germany to be in the range of four to five gigawatt. And as I think we've mentioned, 25% to 30% of our production in sales in 2011 would be tied to Germany.
Robert Gillette: It's Rob. As we said, we really don't necessarily price for the short term, we're focused on the longer term. And some of these cases, the markets that we think will be or that are in transition and could be sustainable over time are taking longer in some cases than we'd like them to. But our strategy is still driven relative to pricing by our mission, and that really is to make sure that we'll enable our customers to develop these applications around the world. The shorter cycle would be Germany at eight to 12 kind of months. And as you move out of Germany, it can take as long as 48 months or more depending on where you're doing it. So really, we don't pay attention to the near-term or week-to-week type of pricing. All of our focus is to drive the LCOE down and get to a point where we can compete with these traditional sources especially on the peak inside. So that helps us drive the costs down which enables us to open the market. That's what we're focused on.
Robert Gillette: Well, I think that we work with our customers and through our efforts on our own project development and applications have a pretty good understanding of what's required. I think in terms of BoS or panel costs to develop applications that are going to be profitable for customers, I think in line with that, some of the interest rate expectations have been lowered because of it. There's more comfort in financing a lot of these transactions. So yes, it impacts the panel also to BoS. But also there's financing available and people have lowered, in many cases, their return expectations, which has helped collectively as well. So we think all those things combined will continue to drive growth to the market.
Robert Gillette: I think we've mentioned what we expect at least directionally as it relates to Germany which will be a decline year-over-year. I think that we have multiple opportunities with our own pipeline to offset some of those fluctuations. I think back to the pricing strategy, we worked hard with our customers and partners to enable them to develop applications and grow our position in Europe, which includes Germany. So we feel pretty good about that. And we don't really talk specifically and are not providing guidance relative to 2011 here, but I think that the pipeline enables us to weather any of those transitions and changes in demand. So I think we're in pretty good shape.
Robert Gillette: Well, I think they definitely have significant solar resource, obviously. There's a lot of activity and energy there. We and our customers have had interactions and we're reviewing some of the submittals and potential opportunities. They're just starting, quite honestly. In some cases, the markets are relatively small, so there's opportunity, but I think not the size and the market that you may see in other regions of the world, but there is a great deal of interest. And we are actively pursuing opportunities in that region of the world.
Robert Gillette: I think we probably didn't mention it at least in this call, but we've had a lot of conversation about opportunities that could be created and how we might position our technology in the future which is why we are excited about to be in a position to provide the development and construction and technology to help drive LCOE down and look at the growth opportunity, not just with the oil burning applications, but also where coal retirements are, and we continue to track and look at that as a market opportunity in the future. So we may be fail to mention it but in our market research, we include that.
Robert Gillette: Based on our position, like I said, we don't pay a lot of attention to the shorter-term things you may read about or others do. But our pricing is essentially set. And as I said, we're essentially sold out in terms of our production which is why we made all these announcements about adding incremental capacity and basically doubling between now and 2012 as to keep up with that demand. So I don't know that -- I think for us, we have a good view of both the demand and the price scenario for 2011.
Robert Gillette: No, I think that we continue to look at what's necessary to enable customers to grow so that's a big part of what we do in positioning strategy. We didn't necessarily -- we maintained the opportunity to the look at rebates or something that may make sense in the future. So I don't think that we completely rule that out. I think that there are, as Jens said, a number of reasons because mainly this decline in Germany, there is going to be price pressure we think. So I think that what we are trying to do is make sure that our customers have what they need to go out and develop the market and continue to drive growth.
Robert Gillette: We've got a lot of discussion about that. I think the answer is that it varies by region and varies by region of the world and market conditions. In some cases, you need to pursue the market with a partner for political requirements as well as the actual legal requirements. So I think that would have an effect on how we would pursue it, especially as it relates to EPC and other types of actions. I think we are very interested in the markets that we designated as what we believe to be sustainable, which is tied to the cost of electricity today and what it may be in the future plus available solar resource and a political will. So those countries we mentioned, we believe have all those things and we'll continue to work and develop it. So I think the answer is, we may consider different approaches in different marketplaces that we believe can be sustainable and which we think will accelerate technology adoption. So I think we'll be willing to look at them all with an open mind and take the best approach to drive growth there.
