Mark Widmar: All right. On the bookings side, so we -- since our last earnings call, we booked 12 gigawatts, okay? Since year-end, we booked 7.3 gigawatts. If you look at our disclosure that’s in the K, I think Alex referenced it as well, our contracted backlog revenue is a little less than $18 billion as of the end of the year, it’s like $17.7 billion. The implied ASP on that is like $0.288. And if you do the math, the walk from the prior quarter, I mean, you’ll get something around $0.31, I believe. If you’d look, there’s a lot of rounding and stuff that’s going on in there. What we did say is that on the 12 gigawatts that we booked since the last earnings call, the ASP on that was $0.308. If I look at the ASP for what we booked in the first quarter this year so far, right, through the earnings call here today, that ASP is higher than that $0.308. So the average ASP that we booked for the $0.073 is higher than the five that we booked since the other portion of the total booking since the last earnings call. So ASPs are pretty – in a pretty solid position. I guess the other way I look at it is just from the Q3, 10Q to the 10K at the year end. I think we added about eight tenths of a cent or something to the average ASP. So you saw it, I think it was like $0.28 or something like that the prior quarter. Now it's like $0.288. And we're seeing a lot more bookings now, obviously higher than that. And if you were to include the bookings that we have for January and February, I think the – you add about $2.3 billion of revenue or something like that in the average ASP on that contracted backlog, I think goes to be slightly above $0.29. So we're very happy with what we're seeing from an ASP standpoint and obviously the trajectory. And remember, we're booking a lot more volume than is not just in 2026, which is what we said we were targeting from the last earnings call we were going to be booking into 2027 and 2028. We now have 47 gigawatts or so of 27 – 24 gigawatts I think or so of volumes that go out into 2026, 2027 and 2028. It's about 45% of our capacity excluding India. So we're booking relatively far out all the way up through 2029, and we're getting, good ASPs with which, so we're pretty pleased with that. Momentum wise, Phil, I guess the challenges continue to be is finding customers that want to contract that far out in the horizon. And one of the things that we're trying to do instead of just sell each discrete year out, we're trying to sell out multiple years, right? So we're not just selling 2026, we're trying to bring in 2026, but bring in your 2027, 2028 or even 2029 volume into the discussions with the customer. So, we will see how that goes. I mean, the pipeline clearly says the momentum's there and there's opportunities we've got more than enough pipeline of opportunities that we could close on. So we're happy with that momentum. But again, it's changing kind of the normal cadence and the dynamics of bookings and in particularly in the U.S. most people wouldn't go out multiple years. But we are seeing a lot of customers that are willing to do that. And not only just out three or four years, but in some cases out five or six years. Domestic content, Alex may have a more precise number than I do. I know, we ended up booking a little bit of incremental volume from the last earnings call. It wasn't a significant amount of the few 100 megawatts. But the ASP uplift that we're getting there is still in that range of around $0.03 to $0.04. So we are seeing good momentum there. And we're out aggressively talking 2024 and 2025 right now with customers to get incremental ASP uplift for domestic production that we would provide our customers. So that's an ongoing activity from that standpoint. And Alex may have the actual gigawatts from a revenue standpoint.
Mark Widmar: Yes, so Brian, on the deposits, we typically take somewhere up to 20% in deposit. We don’t necessarily take all of that in cash, but we do ask some cash. We’re also depending on the credit worthiness of the counterparty and the size of the deal, willing to take some of that in other liquid security healthy surety bond, potentially impairing guarantees. If it gets to be very large deals and multi-year deals, and that number would get very large. We sometimes take security and then roll that through the deal. So it continues to stay with us until we get towards the end of that deal. If you look on the balance sheet as of year end, you’re going to see something, a region of $1.2 billion of customer deposits in terms of future bookings on the balance sheet side of today. And we would expect that to rise as we go through the year. There will be some of that recognized as revenue. So it’ll come off being deferred revenue, but given the bookings trajectory and the timing of deposits placed from some of the deals that we’ve already signed in the last year, we would expect that number to rise through the year.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So the forecast is about 2 billion of CapEx through this year on the construction asset side of the plant. You're going to see that on a fairly regular cadence through the year for Alabama. On the U.S. and India side, you're going to see the remaining CapEx spend on those plants be towards the front end of the year. There's some more R&D CapEx occurring at the back end of the year, so you're going to see that be relatively even across the year on a blended basis, but from different areas. In terms of the unwind we don't expect to see significant amounts of the current deferred revenue actually recognized this year. There's about 1.2 on the balance sheet today. I think it's going to be something recent. 100 million to 200 million of that will roll off this year and be recognized as revenue, so not a meaningful number added to that current deposit base. As I said, we expect to add material amounts to that this year. The significant portion of that is from deferred deposits for deals that have already been signed and therefore, it's simply a question of the timing of that posting. There is a piece that relates to future bookings and our assumptions, and that will depend a little bit on the timing of bookings, the total volume of bookings for this year. But the majority of our expectation is for deals that have already signed and that we'll get deposits just based on the time schedule already agreed.
Mark Widmar: Look, as it relates to the expansion, we'd like to make sure – we believe we have a thorough understanding of the intent of the IRA and the policies that are applicable to domestic manufacturing in the ITC, manufacturing tax credit, excuse me, as well as the domestic components that would avail to an ITC bonus, but there's still clarity for definitions that we want to make sure that we understand. So where we are right now is we're actively evaluating to the point of engaging with our tool vendors, to the point of even looking at site selections and getting to a point where we can be shovel-ready as quickly as possible. But we want to get the additional clarity just so there's nothing that pivots in a direction that we're not envisioning at this point in time. For us personally as well as what the criteria is going to be for crystalline silicon manufacturing as well to begin production in the U.S., we believe that the intent of IRA is to create enduring long-term supply chains, which would therefore motivate and align the incentives to true manufacturing in the U.S., more than just final module assembly with all the build material being sourced from international locations. And if everything lines up along those lines, then that sort of helps inform our view there as it relates to the inherent value of more domestic manufacturing, plus we want to make sure that, while we believe we're fully entitled to the vertically integrated manufacturing tax credit, to the extent that we can get confirmation through guidance from IRS and Treasury, that would be very beneficial as we think about factory expansion.  And then the other is just working through our supply chain glass, in particular. Our new Series seven product in the U.S. is 90-plus percent of the production of the build materials here in the U.S. And we've got to continue to expand our supply chain for things like steel, back rails and glass – cover glass and substrate glass, for example.  So we're working through all that. And so we just – we're being patient. We're obviously focused very much on continuing to see the demand and strong bookings that we have been able to capture over the last several quarters. So that bodes well for furthering that investment decision.  As it relates to exports, I think we got to all be real careful with that. I think that in some limited capability, that would make some sense. But if you look at even what's going on in India right now, that they've provided a lot of incentives to the domestic industry, which are, unfortunately, choosing a set of supporting the domestic market, exporting products into the U.S. right now because of higher ASPs in the U.S., and clearly, that's not aligned with the mode administration and what they intended to do with the incentives that they put in place, I think we have to be careful as an industry as well that if we are availing ourselves to significant incentives here in the U.S.  And not supporting our domestic needs, and then I think we could all compromise the – and put at risk the IRA and the benefits that have been created through IRA. And the thing we should just – my view around this is we've got 10 years of has been very well documented and very well thought out from an IRA standpoint, let's stay, true to the spirit and intent. And that is to help the U.S. create long-term energy independence and security in manufacturing in the U.S. and then exporting internationally, I'm not sure aligns with what the original spirit was of the Act. 
Alex Bradley: Yes. So Q4 we shipped 2.3, but from a solar volume it was 3.2. So that takes full year numbers. So 2022, we ended up shipping about 9.2 from a [indiscernible] perspective, 8.9, yes.
Alex Bradley: Yes. Brian, as it relates to the concerns around customer’s views around where silicon pricing will go, I mean, I think you’re going to have – you have some customers which are largely ones that we’re not obviously negotiating and closing deals with that will kind of take their leading indicators from what they’re seeing with Chinese excess capacity that’s being added and poly prices which have kind of lift sort of around. I think they dropped pretty significantly, then they kind of stepped up back to, I think they’re somewhere in the $30 or something like that per kilogram, which is down slightly from year end. But I think they were trending down to in the 20s, low 20s, and they bounced back from there. So some customers are taking their clues from there. Others are looking at if they will. Let’s look at the Christmas silicon supply that is actually able to address whether it’s the U.S. market or even the India market. And that’s largely going to be in India particular, it’ll be domestic production. In the U.S., there’s potentially some supply that can come from Southeast Asia and address the U.S. market, but it also generally is going to have to use non-Chinese poly. And obviously that’s more of a constrained available resource than Chinese poly. And so – and then there’s also the component around domestic content and policy criteria and ultimately what defines domestic content. And there's still a lot of work to be done there, but I think there is momentum going on that says there has to be true substance for production in the U.S. in order to meet the domestic content criteria, which is more than – most likely just module assembly and it could potentially include the cell. And as of right now, there's not a lot of announcements in the U.S., where there'll be actually not just module assembly but cell production here in the U.S., and again, having to use non-Chinese poly to do that. And so I think when everybody takes all those dynamics together and evaluate where, what type of risk profile they're wanting to accept, the great thing about IRA is that there's a piece for everyone, right? The opportunity for everyone, whether you're the developer or whether you're the module manufacturer or whether you're the IPP or the utility who's going to own the generating asset over time, there's opportunity for everybody. And so the question is, do you want to sort of secure your business plan and take risk off the table? And if you're willing to do that and do that at a fair price, then First Solar is a great option to do that. If you're trying to take some risk and you're wanting to find opportunities to avail yourself to potentially alternative supplies that maybe will still allow you to benefit to the maximum potential under IRA, then that's a risk that some may want to take and wait. But what we see right now is that we've got more than enough opportunity to engage. Yes, it's an item that is in some of our customers' thought process. But for the most part, most people aren't paying a lot of attention to it in that regard. Pricing-wise, in the U.S. and domestic content, look the deals that we're pricing today include both domestic production and include international production. We are differentiated in the pricing. We're not reflecting that in the breakout into the bookings ASP, but we are differentiated pricing. So our domestic production will be generally at a premium to our international production. So that is being captured in the bookings that we're recognizing today. Now, there is a whole bunch of volume that sits in 2024 and 2025 that we are engaging with customers on to have conversations for certainty of allocation, because the contracts in 2024 and 2025 do not require specific allocation from a specific factory. So in those cases, we are talking about if we are allocating from a domestic production there should be some consideration for that and potential adjustments to ASPs, which is what we referenced before in the last quarter. We booked 1.4 gigawatts in the last earnings call, this last quarter we booked a few more hundreds of megawatts, not a lot, but a few more. And most of that's coming through at a nice uplift around $0.03 to $0.04. So a lot of opportunities still to go get that and work to be done. We'll update you over the next few quarters if we realize that benefit.
Alex Bradley: Yes. So the main reason there is if you look at cash flow generated across the business, we sell today the vast majority of our products into the U.S., both from our U.S. facilities and our Malaysia and Vietnam facilities. However, the way that our profitability works is we transfer price, the significant amount of the profitability associated with production of the international modules back to the international locations, and we also send cash back as well.  If you look at our CapEx for the year, about three quarters of the forecast CapEx for the year is going to be in the U.S. And so what we expect to see over the year is that as our cash profile comes down, we're starting the year at about $2.4 billion of net cash, we have, about a forecast, $2 billion CapEx program. You look at the year-end cash, the guide takes us $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion, that implies about $1 billion of cash. What we're going to see is we're going to have our U.S. cash balance come down more than our international cash balance.  So what a revolver does is it gives us flexibility in terms of being able to manage jurisdictional mix of cash. In terms of timing, we're not in a rush to do this. We've got plenty of liquidity in the U.S. today. So it's something we're looking at right now, but not something we're rushing into. In terms of other capital, as we mentioned on the call, if you look at our current forecast spend profile, our current forecast, manufacturing expansion and R&D profile, we can finance everything that we have in front of us without the need to go out and raise additional capital. That said, if we were to add incremental capacity, something that we continue to look at, or if we were to find other opportunities in the R&D space, we may need to raise capital at that point. So something we're continuing to look at. And as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks, we intend to hold an Analyst Day later this year. We'll give a more update there around our liquidity and capital plans. 
Alex Bradley: Yes. As it stands right now, you're going to see it reflected in the P&L on a quarterly basis. But what's going to happen is at the end of the year, we'll go through our regular cadence tax filing, which today is typically occurs somewhere around six to nine months after the end of the year. That will then go over to treasury to the IRS, and there'll be some time, after which, they will review that and then process a direct paid cash payment. So we expect that to be most likely slower in the first year. As this program gets underway, there's some chance that it may speed up a little bit. But it's not going to be a case where you're going to see cash coming in, in the same year as you're recognizing value from the credit in the P&L. So it's one of the reasons why if you look at our cash balance today, you're right, there's no cash reflection from the IRA credit in 2023. We expect that will come through in 2024 and potentially even up into 2025. As I said, the first year might take a bit of time. We may see some increase in speed thereafter. 
