Mark Widmar: All right. So I help to get on them all three of them. With on booking, we’re real happy with the momentum. And just, if you even look at the mid to late-stage opportunities for that – we expected that opportunities, which we could close within the next year with north of 12 gigawatts sitting there. The momentum we’re starting off with right now, we expect 2022 to be a very strong booking year. As it relates to the discussion and comment around implications of forced labor. I think we try to hit on some of those themes of and it’s probably just interesting one particular issue, but it goes back to this concept that we refer to as responsible solar. And there clearly are a number of counterparties and customers that we engage within conversations that are one concern about over-reliance, concern about maybe the current state of political relationships between the U.S. and China or India and China or other markets as well. And as a result of that, they’re looking for alternatives and one thing that’s great about, first of all, not only do we have great technology and great capabilities, but having, a different standard, which we hold ourselves accountable for. And we have different value attributes that we can provide to our customers. And certainty is one and dealing with a counterparty or a supplier was a different, they themselves, from an integrity and ethical standard to the highest levels. I think it’s important and it’s starting to come into the bookings and what we’ve started to see now in the pipeline that we have. So Phil is one of many, I think there’s still a lot of people, they’re trying to understand the whole forced labor and how it plays out and what the potential implications are around it. But what I will tell you is that some of end customers that we have, not referring to here as the IPP or developer or VPC, but others that are more the off-take agreements, they’re very concerned in some cases they’re incorporating conditions within their procurement criteria to ensure that there’s zero tolerance for forced labor and not only the models of which are being procured and utilized in the project they may have in the U.S. or somewhere else, internationally. They want to make sure that, that their suppliers also have zero tolerance and there’s nowhere through their entire supply chain. Do they tolerate a forced labor? And that makes it very hard as you know, with the complexity of business silicon supply chain to make those types of new assertions and new representation. As it relates to our goals. And I’ll be very transparent of goals. I’m not going to give you a discreet timing, but we clearly want to be, as we exit this year, our is goal we want to be sold out at 2022. We want to be more than halfway sold out at 2023 and have a meaningful proportion of our 2024 volumes contract. So and when you look at where we are right now, and as you’ve indicated, we’re pretty in pretty good position for 2022. We used to clearly have more work to do. And I keep telling them our Chief Commercial Officer, let’s keep selling and keep selling and taking the opportunities that we can. And it’s good to see the pipeline and the robustness and resiliency that we have that hopefully gets us to that goal of accomplishing that because by the time we exit the year. And that was clearly would put us at a much higher than we historically have tried to say, let’s maintain that a one-to-one sold to book ratio and that will be accomplished. That will be much higher than our historical one-to-one. And at least where we sit right now, we feel confident we can get that. ASPs, what I’ll say, Phil around that is, I mean, if you look at the Q, when it comes out or the K in this case, I think it’s going to come out with an average of like $30.80 or something like that. The metrics are going to tell you that. I wouldn’t say that, we’re starting to see increase in ASP, we wouldn’t say that’s necessarily reflected what we’re seeing. And we are starting to see independents in each year of which we’re booking out into ASP is starting to firm up and maybe we’ll start to see some resiliency in the upward direction. But we’re at – like I said, we sat on the call is we’re very pleased and happy with the ASPs that we’ve been able to capture relative value we create in our technology, and then the opportunity to continue to improve overall cost reduction roadmap, maintain a solid gross margin. But more importantly, as you look at year-over-year, we’re growing in our capacity and our sole dimes will be up significantly year-on-year as well, but all sort of creates contribution margin that helps expand operating income.
Mark Widmar: Yes. I’ll take the first one, Brian, and I’ll let Alex takes the – those questions on gross margin. As relates to the systems business, the 1.1 is largely the U.S. assets that we still have. Sun Streams has contracted. The rest of the Sun Streams is complex, we’ve signed, but we haven’t finalized what portion we signed up – another portion hasn’t signed yet. But the plan would have all that done, hopefully by the end of the quarter. And now it takes the largest portion of the U.S. volumes that aggregates up to on an AC basis. I don’t know, 600 megawatts or something like that. And there’s another few hundred megawatts that’s left in the U.S., which our plan would be to move forward as quickly as possible. And ideally, we have all of that sold out by the end of this year. So those are just development sites of which we would then try to contract module uptake agreements too. But the goal for the U.S. stuff would be to monetize all that volume this year and in sooner, the better. The development team is going with the transaction. So we don’t have the capabilities really to continue with the development activities. We’ll have to enter into a service agreement effectively forward with Leeward to continue to support those projects until they’re sold down. The balance of it though there is still 200, 300 megawatts of contract in Japan projects and there’s still more, that’s not contracted at this point in time. We have feed in tariffs, but we haven’t actually fully accomplished the permitting process and interconnection and other things that would ultimately also may require for a recollecting of a booking. That volume will be recognized – most of it will show up in 2023, there’ll be some in 2021 and 2022. But if you look at the CODs on those projects, most of them had 2023 CODs as we currently see them. But as you know, the bookings – excuse me, the average ASPs on those projects are highly attractive. And so we’ll monetize that over the next three years. And we’ll see if we go beyond that. Again, we still have some more projects with tariffs that we haven’t booked yet that potentially could create more volumes into 2023, maybe even 2024 period. But I’ll let Alex talk about the gross margin.
Mark Widmar: One thing I’ll add to that queue, Brian, Alex mentioned in his comments. There’s a pretty significant headwind in 2021 for under utilization in order to deal with the upgrades that we need to do for primarily for CuRe. So there’s a significant cost, I think it’s about $40 million in total of under utilization that we’ll have to absorb within 2021. So that’s weighing down on the gross margin. I think if you adjust for that, I think the gross margin goes up a couple of percentage points up into that range.
Mark Widmar: Yes. I don’t think, first of all, that Alex said. Ben we’re not giving guidance for 2022 at this point that we gave some pretty strong indicators of what will drive 2022, which will be the volume – the production volumes as we referenced the new product of CuRe. The one thing I want to keep making sure that it’s representative there is, in all of 2022 volume will be CuRe. If you look at the one slide, which shows the energy uplift, there’s a meaningful energy uplift because of the improvement of long-term degradation. And that we sell energy, we sell back. And so that is important to understand. And we also referenced that there was a lot of interest and rightfully so when bifacial modules came out and they talked about a 4% to 8% energy uplift relative to monofacial modules, similar efficiency. If you look at where we are with our pure product, and on a lifecycle averages, on top of the initial Tesco and efficiency pop there’s another 10 percentage points of lifecycle energy through improvement of long-term degradation. And so you can take our products and even, again crystalline silicon bifacial that maybe even as a nameplate of 150, 175 bps better efficiency. And you’re going to find that over the life cycle energy profile, we’re going to outperform that in the range of call it, anywhere from 4% to 6%. And that’s compiling value fruition. So it’s the technology, it’s the supply improvement, there are production plan improvement that we’re talking about and continued reduction of our own internal costs, I think 2020, we’re not going to give specific guidance, but we gave enough information, I think to help people look because ROIC and then what 2022 should look like.
