Jim Hughes: We continue to evaluate what a yieldco would look like for the company, looking at what the characteristics of what the vehicle would need to be to have acceptability in the marketplace, what we think it would trade at from a financial metric, what the impact of that trading valuation would mean for the company, what it would mean for the drop down or transfer price economics, it all paints a very complicated picture, including the likelihood that we would ned to consolidate that vehicle, which makes for very, very complicated financials. Several things are clear from our analysis, one of which is that we believe we have available to us an adequate portfolio of projects that would work in the marketplace. That’s a long way from a decision that we’re going to go use those projects to form a yieldco, but that is not a barrier that we believe we face. We believe that we have enough in hand to make that work. There’s a lot more work to be done, there’s significant impact on the structure and appearance of our financial statements that we have to take consideration of, and we’re still, I would say, quite a ways away from a decision, but that’s not one of the barriers that we see should we decide that’s something we want to pursue.
Jim Hughes: I don’t think we can generalize. When we look, even within the U.S. versus globally, it’s a very wide range, with a whole bunch of project specifics that dictate the outcome. And I don’t think I can give you any information that would really be meaningful.
Jim Hughes: Yeah, it’s indicative of what we see the first quarter, and I think as you know, a lot of our quarters have movements from one quarter to the next, which also needs to be taken into consideration on how we see the annual guidance, which is what we’ll provide in more detail in the analyst day here in a few weeks.
Jim Hughes: We’re moving ahead with the pilot production facility and we’ll expect to talk a little bit more about that at analyst day. The impact in 2014 will be relatively small as the facility will just be starting up. So no big major impact. And anything further we’ll talk about at analyst day.
Jim Hughes: There’s lots of discussion and activity throughout the industry on a variety of capital structures, and there are a lot of things that have been discussed in publications and by the industry broadly, including partnerships with institutional type providers of funds that would be interested in the long term stable cash flow nature of the assets, similar to what the investors in a yieldco would be interested in. There have been discussions of continued securitization through bond offerings, similar to what’s been done on some of the large projects. I think that over the coming year or a couple of years, one thing you may see is you may see people beginning to aggregate smaller utility scale projects into groups that are then financed on a single basis. One of the issues you have as you move down in project size, transactions costs do not diminish on the same factor as size. So the cost to finance a 20 megawatt project is not significantly different than the cost to finance a 200 megawatt project. So I think one of the things that we can do and others may do is begin to see, rather than standalone financing, you’ll see the aggregation of assets into groups, which provides a little more efficiency and reduces the cost of capital. So I think broadly, what I expect to see is when I look at the cost of capital that’s being applied to solar assets, I continue to see a delta versus mature thermal assets, and I think that will disappear over time as you get more projects out there and you get an operating history underneath them, and you get a comfort on the part of the investing community with the stability of the cash flows and the long term performance of the facilities, you’ll just see the risk premium demand shrink, and I think we expect to see that continue over the next couple of years.
Jim Hughes: Yes, we had a couple of projects that we included in our initial guidance, and anticipated that we would close everything out by the end of the year. They slipped, and now we’ll start to recognize them in ’14. We’ve said this before. The timing of being able to discretely determine exactly when an asset, especially if you’re selling out of COD, which both of these assets would be, the revenue recognition can move by a few weeks. And if it does, it can fall out of the quarter. Now, we’ve also said in the past that we would not be held hostage to trying to deliver against a particular guided revenue number or EPS number in forego economics. So we’ll be very patient as it relates to that, and [unintelligible] transactions, and in this case we had a couple of projects that we had anticipated initially to fall into the quarter and now they fall into 2014.
Jim Hughes: We’ll talk about that in more detail when we get into the analyst day, when we can give you a better view of each of the quarters and what we think the year is going to shape up like. So we can defer that discussion until then. In terms of the system [VOS] costs for the year, we continue to make good progress. We indicated at our analyst day, I think we were going to exit the year, including module, fully installed system costs, of $1.59. And we actually ended up better than that by about $0.03 or $0.04. So we delivered against the [unintelligible] and overdelivered against our expectations, and so we continue to make significant progress in driving down the total cost of the system.
