Mark Widmar: The margin, for the project -- our self-developed projects that will be contributed to 8.3, correct, those are held on balance sheet and the cost associated with that are on balance sheet, but still does flow through into the systems businesses -- our third-party EPS business. So it’s generally has been lower margin then we self-developed at anticipated, again we’re stepping in EPC contractor versus the actual developer of project. So the margin utilization will be lower on that and then the other balance of it, obviously the margin that we realize today on our module-only sales are lower than obviously the future bookings will represent given the improved competitiveness for technology.
Mark Widmar: Yes. We don’t have a breakout of module versus third-party but you can tell that the start of booking we envision is mainly a module-only so that was a big chunk of it. So if you approximate something [indiscernible] of the total is probably reasonable assumption, is module-only the balance will be EPC, I’ll let Jim talk about TetraSun.
Mark Widmar: Yes, so the conversion efficiency, what we basically said this is the vast majority of the lead line improvements will be rolled out over the next couple of quarters. So you will see that happening here over the next quarter which is consistent with how we saw the announcement we made last quarter on our [58%] lead line efficiency, as you can see that starting to impact the current fleet average pretty well. As it relate to the next step function change in the lead line efficiency that there will be a step function by the end of the year but as most of these initiatives are, we generally roll out a change we’ve been trying to stabilize across the fleet and then we look to the next step along the road map. So we’ll see a little bit of movement in the lead line that will be towards Q4 end of the year before we’ll see a dramatic shift moving by.
Mark Widmar: The other comment I want to add is you have to bear in mind if you compare us to other industry participants they don't have an engineering procurement and construction business you’re not going to be able to do a direct comparison we could take a 100 megawatts of module and sell them module only at a very -- what looks like a very attractive gross margin. We can package those same modules into an engineering procurement and construction contract that's at a much lower gross margin percentage but at a much higher total gross margin dollars and so it's very hard to look at our results in the aggregate and make a direct comparison to the other participants that are largely module only sales as opposed to having the significant engineering procurement and construction component.
Mark Widmar: So, there is lots of optionality as we continue to address the best 8point3 Energy Partners and we will look at emerging markets because we have a merchant plans in Chile right now and looking at the best path to monetize that asset that clearly could be a path that says that 8point3 is the best ultimate position of where we would want to monetize that asset. We've got assets in Japan that we’re developing; we’ll be looking at those as well in terms of what is the right answer to do that. So what I would say is it's given us significant optionality, it creates somewhat of a competitive tension so that other when we get them to a point of having to sell down an asset, there is a competitive tension and there is a fallback position and then negotiations concludes, obviously it’s advantageous to us because if we don't believe that market’s willing to pay the proper returns over the value that they are getting from that asset then we obviously have different path choose. So that optionality views are help on our negotiation. So I do see it will involve more time again, if you look at what we’ve included in the S1 it's mainly U.S. assets initially; how overtimes and I think you will start to see some diversification with international market.
Jim Hughes: TetraSun, we continue to ramp production and complete the qualification and certification of the product and we’ll start to have a product available in the market place over the next several quarters. So it’s for the most part we’re seeing exactly as we anticipated and we’re very happy with the results of the product that’s coming off the production line.
Jim Hughes: So, there is certain aspects of the business that are clearly commoditized and you can say sort of a panel is a panel, but in reality what it comes down to is your customer is buying the energy that the panel generates and that’s why we’ve focused in this call and in general we focus in our R&D and in our sales efforts, to focus people on the superior energy generation that you’re going to get out of the product. The standard face value wattage of the panel actually tells you very little about what the panels are actually going to do in the field and the amount of energy that you’re actually going to get from the panel. So in the real world of day-to-day, hand-to-hand that back in sales it’s all about the energy generation of your panel and the cost effectiveness of our product as compared with our competitors is very, very strong. So not only do we now have a product that has greater energy densities than our competition but we have a lower cost structure than our competition so that allows us to be profitable and competitive in the marketplace and that’s how we think about and that’s what we focused on in terms of our research and development and that’s how we -- what we focus on when talking to and selling to customers.
Jim Hughes: So, let’s talk about solar-on-solar competition first, so quite simply having the lowest cost structure allows you to compete for business, capture that business at a more attractive margin than your competitors. It’s fairly straight forward analysis and formula. It also gives us pricing power to breakup in new markets. It also gives us pricing power to trigger new demand. The overwhelming impact on continuing reduction of prices on a global basis is increasingly utilities and commercial and industrial customers are seeing so with our as an attractive value preposition simply on its own. In the U.S. you had utilities that are increasingly moving towards natural gas as a large portion of the generation fleet and as they due to a forward resource planning fuel diversity generation diversity is an important part of the formula when you look at the prevailing prices in the market today which dependent upon what region of the country can be from anywhere as low as 0.4 or just under that to as high as $0.06 per kilowatt hour, when they look at that on a flat basis for 20 years and compared that to additional natural gas exposure even at today's low gas prices the general view is that makes sense as a portion of our total generation mix. So what you've seen in terms of this fairly large explosion of demand in the Southeastern United States is a result of that calculus, is a result of the market place understanding where pricing has gotten to and recognizing the value that it represents. We’re seeing the same thing internationally, just as one example Dubai originally had plan to carry out a 1 giga watt program over three year to four year time frame the first phase of that program they were so enamored up the pricing that they received that they doubled the size of that ramp and have accelerated the remaining 1 giga watt to this year. So we clearly both in the U.S. and elsewhere we reached a price points where as compared with other sources of generation above just on absolute cost basis on an absence of commodity price risk basis and on a generation diversity basis it’s a very attractive offering. 
Jim Hughes: I think it's pretty hard to generalize because it's going to depend upon the size of the facility; it's going to depend upon the jurisdiction in what's the facility is located, that set the sort of the permitting and code requirements that you are going to have to meet. So I fully expect that on small utility scale plants; let say it's sub 20 megawatts in size we’re likely to see opportunities to contract volume well into 2016 on the very large multi hundred megawatt projects I would think that we are over the course of the second and third quarter of 2015 we’re probably seeing the end of the opportunities to contract those asset and it will be a pretty linear relationship in between those two extremes. So it all depends -- obviously permitting a facility in one of the counties close to population centers in California is a more daunting task than permitting a facility in [rural] West Texas. So there is a whole host of variables that are going to impact when that cut off starts hitting in terms of the last opportunities that contract and complete the construction within the ITC deadline.
Jim Hughes: So the trends has continued to be down the -- it depend a lot on installation so if you are talking about contracts in the western region in the United States with high levels of installation we have seen prices between let's say $0.04 or just under up to $0.05 and the Southeastern United States are little bit higher due to the installation levels but broadly you are seeing overall power prices below 60 megawatt hour for a new generation of reasonable scale and everybody in the value chain is still making reasonable money at those price levels it just reflects that we all continued to drive cost out of the integrated plant on the module side, on the fixed balance of system side, on the variable balance of system side and on the capital cost side. So that we continued to see those prices come down.
Jim Hughes: And then on the Caterpillar transaction, I think you can expect that on this particular transaction the margin certainly initially will look like module-only sales. It’s possible that as we get into the partnership in the business that can morph overtime and we can have a greater scope of participation. But to keep it simple and get the transaction paper the forces has been more along those lines.  In terms of the size, the potential market is huge and the Caterpillar dealer network is vast. And I think for us to provide any sort of prediction or guidance as to what the volume could look like I just don’t think we have enough visibility yet. We’ve got to get out in the field and provide training and materials to the network of dealers and then once they begin to engage with their customers I think we’ll have much greater visibility, but I don’t think we have it at this point but the potential addressable market that it represents is vast.
Jim Hughes: I don’t think we have -- we’ve broken that out and provided that information. There is some of it that is beyond 2016 a fair bit of it is, not the majority but I don’t think we can provide any greater specificity in that.
Jim Hughes: I don’t think I understand your first question correctly is how much of the year-to-date bookings would actually be associated with projects that we’ll construct and then drop down in the YieldCo. So, the only thing I can say right now is that in our public filing is that we’ve identified the initial portfolios of assets and we’ve identified a potential growth of portfolio. We can’t comment anything beyond that, but the current period bookings are not reflective of either the initial portfolio or the [indiscernible] portfolio. So we have yet to determined based off of the opportunities set that we have in the bookings for the first quarter. What the ultimate monetization will be and we will value with that overtime and make the appropriate decision like us. The expense question is, we’ve incurred more transaction expenses in Q1 as you can imagine legal tax accounting other one-offs has the transaction, we’ll continue to incur those cost up until the IPO. Once the IPO launches you shouldn’t think of any incremental expenses being incurred by First Solar and there will be expenses in mandatory service agreements that will be provided to 8point3 Energy Partners, but those will be compensate properly by 8point3 Energy Partners.
Jim Hughes: If you look at the filling we did the F1 filing, there are definitions of qualified assets primarily relate to OECD type of countries that could be evaluated and we’ll make those decisions over time if the economics of that look attractive and it's compelling to include into 8point3, we’ll do that; if we think we can capture better economics by monetizing them with local cost of capital available than we potentially will take that path. At this point in time we have the optionality we’ll continue to do that as which makes the most sense to pursue.
Jim Hughes: So on gross margin, first up as the gross margin is up sequentially we don't provide the actual gross margin, but if you back into it you’ll show that relative to Q1 will see a sequential increase in gross margin. If you go back and what we said historically is that we anticipate that's the normalize margins for the business overtime will be in that 15% to 20%. So that's not anything that is inconsistent with what we said, now as the module cost continues to improve we may see margins that are outside of that range, at the module only level. But I think it's probably safe to say that 15% to 20% is kind of how we’re currently envisioning the business to evolve overtime. And related to expectations around dropdown of assets into YieldCo and expected return on that, we know not made any comments in that regard nor will in this point in time.
