Mark Widmar: Yes. I think from '26 and '27, I think we're something approaching combined those two, we're approaching close to 40% of that current supply plan being sold right now. But obviously, a little bit more of that is in '27 and '28, but I think we'll make good progress on both of those years. I don't really want to commit to a specific date when we would sell out '27 because we'll do '27 the same way that we did with '26. So customers who want '27 volume, we're going to want to tie that into multiple years. So we're going to leverage that as best we can across the balance of decade. So I don't think that's important not quickly we sell that, but it's how we use that '27 volume strategically to create more multiyear agreements and visibility as we go through the balance of the decade. As it relates to bookings, yes, I mean look, we had 60 days basically since the last earnings call, and so you would expect just from that reason always going to trend down. But the underlying demand, which is reflected in our total pipeline as well as our mid- to late-stage pipeline as we indicated in our prepared remarks, has continued to grow. So that's extremely encouraging. We have a number of very large deals with strategic counterparties that we're still working through. And we are successful in closing one or two of those. And in the second quarter, we could see a very strong result for the second quarter, plus if we can close more than a handful of those now through the balance of the year, I can continue to see bookings carrying forward into Q3 into Q4 being reasonably strong. But they indicated that we're longer dated in some of those commitments, so we'll have to see how it plays out. ASP-wise, I mean the great thing about having such a strong position where we are right now, is we can be patient and book deals that make sense. And there are certain counterparties that we've had ongoing conversation with where we just can't get to a point that is agreeable on price. So their expectation relative to where our expectation is that there's a gap. And so we'll continue to see if we can close those gaps. But if not, there's enough opportunity with other partners out there that we think we can continue to get strong ASPs. We have said, I want to make sure clear that as we do book the India volume, we've indicated before that India volume will have a lower ASP but still a very attractive gross margin on a cents per watt basis as well as on a percentage basis plus now that we also have the opportunity for the production-linked incentive, which will carry forward into making those opportunities more accretive if we're able to realize that benefit. So ASP trends will continue to work through them in a very patient manner for the U.S. We're pretty optimistic with where we are right now, and we'll continue to see how the balance of the year plays out. And also, as we indicated, we've more opportunity to look to capture technology adders. We also have the opportunity to capture the domestic content in Series 7 uplifts that are already embedded in our contracts. And I think the team did a great job in the first quarter here, realizing another $35 million of ASP uplift because of that. And as I indicated, we have a number of other deals that we're working through right now and close, which will then be capturing reported in our next quarter call.
Mark Widmar: Yes. As relates to the expansion in India, India is obviously a very important market for us and one that we're continuing to look to grow. I think there's a sustainable demand profile there that and if you look at their load expectation and low growth to now at the end of this decade, it could be up towards a 60% increase. And clearly, lowest cost form a new generation to help serve that load growth is going to be renewable solar obviously being the primary one. So a lot of growth, a lot of opportunity, extremely -- our technology is extremely well positioned in India. So India is a very attractive market. As we scale up this factory, we'll continue to assess opportunities for additional investments and further capacity expansion in India. But I would expect us, if things progress as we currently envision between now and the end of the decade, we're going to have more than more factory in India.
Mark Widmar: Yes. As it relates to the bookings and kind of the effect of the ASP sequentially. Actually, there's a pretty good mix when I look across call it, 5 gigawatts largely 4 deals that made up most of that volume 2, I think we announced, 1 was EDPR and the other was Leeward. And one of the things just to be clear on the Leeward is that. And you also noticed that we also have contracts subject to CP bucket in our disclosure, that gets about 4 points -- almost gave us 4.7 or something like that, of which 1.9 of that is India. Not all of that volume from Leeward was actually encountered or booking because there is a provision in there that we could flex it up or flex it down. And what we've done is we've taken a percentage of that volume and is reflected in the contract subject to CP. But I just want to make sure that's clear that not all the 2 gigawatts is actually in the bookings to that 4.8 because a portion of it is in the contract subject CP bucket. And again, it can flex up or flex down. But when I look at those bookings, the -- it's a good mix of international and domestic. It's a good mix of Series 6, U.S. and international. It's a good mix of Series 6 and Series 7. So it was not skewed towards one or the other. I will say that clearly, the ASPs that are represented in there for those different variants will be different. So -- and I said this before, the international volume is generally going to be lower than domestic volume because at the extent we're selling into the U.S. market because of the best content value equation of the domestic ITC bonus. There's also some amount of that volume that went into Europe, which was at a lower ASP. So when I look at it, it's relatively diversified. There's diversity of products, diversity of geography, that blended spill to a very strong result for the quarter, and we're obviously very happy with that. Now it's also lower volume than we've done in the last quarter. And generally, we see much higher volumes and larger agree purchasing power and a multiple-year agreement. You may see ASPs more aggressively into that situation. So I wouldn't attribute the increase to any 1 lever. But what I would say is that we're still very happy with the market and the opportunity and the ASP that we're receiving. As it relates to capacity expansion, look, the -- as we said, the primary engaging factor right now is clarity on policy. And I said it in my prepared remarks, if we -- if the domestic content stays true to the congressional intent of IRA and it truly requires a highly manufacturable component here in the U.S. in order to qualify and the bonus being truly a bonus and not trying to create some form of entitlement, which we believe that should include at least the cell, if not beyond the cell as part of the domestic content requirements to be manufactured here in the U.S. That's going to be a key determining factor in terms of new capacity. I've said before that if there's some reason that, that is not the decision, if it's module assembly only, then we've got to reassess in terms of how do we engage with best serving our primary market here in the U.S., and it may not necessarily be a new factory. It could potentially be a finishing line here in the U.S. because that's what the interpretation is by treasury DOE and White House, that's what they want. They want module assembly. They don't want module manufacturing. If that's their decision, then we'll have to assess that from our own perspective and determine what investments we make. But for me, first and foremost, has to start off with policy, and I'd be very disappointed if that's the direction that they went, I think we have a unique opportunity with IRA here to create an enduring supply chain allows cycles of innovations here in the U.S., allows the U.S. to be a technology leader with solar and other renewable energy. And let's help that's where the outcome is. If they choose to go a different direction and not being strategic in the long term in their thought process and the construct here, then we'll have to evaluate ourselves and determine what's the right deployment of capital.
Mark Widmar: Yes. And then I think we also said is that in some cases, these are regulatory kind of requirements that we have to contract around. These provisions have been in our contracts, and again, on a relatively small percentage of our contracts. Historically, we have not seen customers in both these provisions to the extent they are in a contract. The other thing I would say is that some of these very same contracts that have these provisions were also out there negotiating with customers on domestic content uplift on ASPs. And when those uplifts do happen, there's additional security that has to be posted, which further in my mind, solidifies the commitment from the customer. Also most of our customers view this as a true partnership with First Solar. And they know that if they were to invoke something like that, they would be making a decision to no longer be willing to partner with First Solar. I don't think there's many of our customers today that really want to be that vulnerable given the uncertainty, which could happen at any point in time, right, between geopolitical issues and challenges between the U.S. and China and other implications that could happen that could have an adverse impact on supply chain in the U.S. It's going to be a while before you get a fully vertically integrated U.S. supply chain that would include poly through module assembly. Our customers understand that's what First Solar brings to the equation and they bring certainty and integrity. And I think that will keep most of our partners committed to the long-term relationships and not looking at transactional opportunities.
Mark Widmar: Yes. Supply chain expansion, I think, Colin, you referenced glass in particular but at the end of the day, the module is two sheet of glass and back rail or frame of some type, which has a little bit more steel. Glass is critical. And it's [indiscernible] we're in. We recently -- there was a joint announcement with us and beat around a factory that they're going to now start up to serve our glass needs, the factory that was idle in Pennsylvania, which will now start up and provide cover glass to us. And so one of the things that we're doing is we're really diversifying our supply chain from a glass standpoint, which is really important for us. We're also in some conversations with them to provide and with other parties of coated glass, substrate glass. So we're trying to really broaden our reach and engagement. What's also nice about this as some of those parties -- counterparties that we're working with on the glass, in particular, are looking at solar as a strategic market that they want to be a part of, and we've got a great opportunity to leverage that with them to enable their strategic intent coupled with ours. So I'm more optimistic you would ask me 6, 9 months ago, where we were, I would say, I'm more optimistic now with some of the work the team has done to enable that supply chain from a glass standpoint in particular. Size of the projects generally are larger. We're not really seeing in many of the projects in kind of that 40 to 60 megawatts. I mean most of the projects that we're targeting with our customers are all in the 100 megawatts and generally getting larger and as you start to get into the hydrogen space, which we're starting to see some opportunities down that path. I mean those are 300, 400, 500-megawatt type of projects, in which we'll continue to grow at least as that evolves more and it goes beyond just a smaller opportunities at the full-scale hydrogen projects that are product finance and what have you, those are going to be large projects, and that's why the reason why I think that demand inflection point on hydrogen probably hasn't been fully appreciated with most people's forecasts.
Alex Bradley: So look, I think the near-term answer is it's not going to be a problem for us over the next couple of years. If you look at where we are right now, we started this year with $2.6 billion gross, $2.4 billion net. We're planning to end the year from a forecast basis about $1.35 billion, I think at the midpoint so down $1 billion or so. Over that time, you've got $2 billion of CapEx in the guide. So operating cash flow is obviously strong. But I look forward beyond that. Clearly, we've given a view of how we think about cash in the past, right? It's not working capital around the business. That has come down a little bit since we exited the systems business, but at the same time, as we grow the module business you do have increasing working capital. We talked about growth expansion occurred where we'd like to use the money more, and that's the best use of our cash, the highest ROIC at the moment. The project business has gone basically. There is potentially some use around M&A. We've talked in the past, M&A used to be focused around development business and acquiring platforms and projects more likely to be used now on the development side, R&D side, manufacturing side. If we get through all of that and we can't uses for capital, where increase didn't make sense, we would look to return. I think given the cycle that we're in right now, we're going to have significant opportunities to deploy capital to increase manufacturing over the next few years. The other piece I would say is that as we think through needs going forward, you talked a little bit about some of the constraints in the supply chain in the near term. As you're seeing more announcements in the U.S. and as we continue to grow, there may be constraints that we either can choose to all of need to help mitigate in the supply chain, which may necessitate some capital investment across areas that are adjacent to our module manufacturing directly. So there's other areas that may either look to or potentially have to deploy capital in the short term.
Alex Bradley: Yes. So I think on the PLA, we're still working through how an accounting work. It's a return of capital of about 24%, I believe, against the facility cost that's going to take place over 5 to 6 years. And we'll update you on the accounting as we work through that. I'll leave Mark to talk about the expansion. But if I just look through where we are in terms of your question on production versus sold volume, I think this is something that confusion around some of the analyst reports potentially around timing. We -- from a production perspective, we will be growing production across the year, but it's not significantly backended in 2023. However, from a sold perspective, it is fairly back-ended. We guided to a midpoint of around 12 gigawatts of sold volume this year. We sold 1.9 in Q1. And the remarks just now we said that we're guiding to a first half of 4.3 to 4.5 to the midpoint of 4.4 for the first half of the year, and that leads you to 3.5 gigawatts in the second quarter and then leads to a second half number of about 7.6. So you can see this from a total volume were roughly 1/3, 2/3 weighted first half of the year, the second half of the year. If you think about why that is, it's a function partly of timing of customer demand when customers are requiring shipments. There's also a function of our Series 7 production beginning in Q1 continuing through Q2, but we're not beginning to ship that product until the back end of Q2. And so you're not going to see the timing of revenue recognition to that come into Q3 and Q4. So that's a lot what pushing that sold volume out. And then, of course, you see a similar dynamic in terms of the Inflation Reduction Act recognition, if you look at how that plays out, we said on the call, you're going to see something like quarter of the total revenue recognition from the benefit around the Inflation Reduction Act, Section 45X happening in the first half of the year, the remainder in the back half the year, and that's again a function of timing in U.S. sales from our Series 6. The fact that you've got some inventory lag carryover of Series 6 being sold that was produced in 2022, and therefore, doesn't have credit, and you've seen most of that the first and second quarter about 158 megawatts in Q1 and 50 in Q2. And then the Series 7, where, again, we're producing in the first half of the year, but we're not selling that product until the second half. So you could see the credit timing in the second half of the year as well.
Alex Bradley: What we said is generally our contracts of fixed price contracts. So generally, that's how they're structured going out now. But we wanted to highlight the termination of the convenience. I think there has been some questions around how strong these contracts are. So we want to make sure it's clear that only 1/10 of our backlog today of roughly 70 gigawatts has termination of convenience provisions. And the majority of those are for the 2024-to-2025-time frame, which I think if you look at where module supply is in that time when you think about timing for which people design plants and finance plant, we think it's relatively low risk that's getting booked. The one I was trying to give you that color as to what was out there. As you go out to further dated contracts, they are -- they've always been, which is firm fixed price contracts with the adjustments that we talked about, so upside downside around bin class, some adjusters around things like aluminum and steel pricing and sales rate adjusters, the general, these viewers' protections or pass-throughs of risks that we feel are pretty mitigated by the customer versus us.
