Mark Widmar: Yeah. So Ben if you look at the bookings for the quarter, its 1.1 gigawatts year-to-date bookings, 2.3, right? So and again the 1.1 that we're referencing it's just from the February earnings call. So if you look at it for a two-month period we booked 1.1 gigawatts. For the first two months of the year, we booked 1.3 kind of number 1.2. So they're very comparable. And if you look at the momentum, which we'd say we carried if we carried that forward through the balance of the year, we'll be booking somewhere close to seven gigawatts. So I don't see really any slowdown in the momentum of bookings. I feel it's a robust number to start off the year. As we indicated I think at the start of year it’s positioning us to exceed our targeted 1 to 1 book-to-bill ratio. So that would point us to a number six gigawatts plus trends pointing us to north of that number, which I think is a positive indicator of what's going on and continued momentum in the business. ASPs I continue to be extremely pleased with ASPs. The profile of the bookings, the 1.1 relative to what we booked in the first two months of the year. ASPs are steady. They still have a three-handle type of ASP that we've referenced before. I know there's some indications in the market of pricing being much more aggressive than that. We continue to be able to be patient, given that we're sold out through the end of 2020 and now we're effectively 50% sold for the first quarter of 2021. We can be selective; we can engage with customers, we can make decisions on where to walk away. We're not being held by volume overhang that we haven't already been committed to from a customer, so that helps us tremendously in how we're engaging the market and actually have been very pleased with the corresponding pricing that we're realizing.
Mark Widmar: So from a shipment standpoint, I think we indicated that we shipped about 900 megawatts for the first quarter. You can take from that that we got two gigawatts of Series 4. Think of it as being that profile being relatively linear. So you get to a position of the shipment profile around 50/50 between the two maybe slightly more Series 4 shipments than Series 6 shipments. The ramp profile is going to increase significantly. The forecast for the year is 5.5. So we got about 4.5 gigawatts now shipped over the remainder of the year. And again that entire ramp is associated with Series 6. The Series 4 profile is going to be consistent across each of the remaining quarters of the year. Phil, I guess for the -- we are very happy we highlighted that on the call around the progress that the team has made for Series 6. And we cannot take our eye off of it though we got to continue to stay focused from both a schedule standpoint, performance standpoint and a cost standpoint. So there's -- we haven't really come up for air yet. We're starting off this quarter very well. April has been a strong month. The first day of May has in fact been a record for us with all of our plants performing extremely well we continue to have to take some amount of planned downtime, which that planned downtime will adversely impact utilization rates. But we'll -- as we currently see it going forward a lot of the major efforts that we need to take planned downtime have effectively happened now through the first four months of the year. There's still efforts that will continue, but a lot of the major lifting has been done so far at least what we currently have -- we currently anticipate. But what I will tell you is that we never relax when it comes to -- how do we think about continue to take more costs out. How do we think about CapEx. How do we think about throughput and how do we try to capture -- our current nameplate capacity of a factory is 1.2 gigawatts. We're continuing to challenge ourselves around how we do we get more throughput out of every factory. One thing that I will say in that regard while it will be relatively small, we are -- even our second factory in Perrysburg that we'll launch, we'll have some additional CapEx investments associated with it relatively nominal that will enable us to increase the throughputs from that factory once it's started up and we currently anticipated to be in 2020. We'll see the success of that effort and determine how quickly we roll out across the remaining fleet. We'll also continue to challenge ourselves around how do we again optimize throughput across every factory. And the benefit by doing that is you effectively are just -- it's variable costs. So it has not only impact utilization and throughput benefits but you're now looking at your cost per watt of that incremental throughput as being more or less favorable cost and some de minimis CapEx, not an overly significant commitment for the most part. But there's tremendous leverage in value creation for us to do that. Have there been efforts where we're continuing to evolve those? Surely, there are, but I don't want anyone to take from this that we are taking our eye off at all on both from a schedule performance and a cost standpoint. So, a lot of work in front of us as it relates to Series 6 and delivering against our commitments for the year.
Mark Widmar: Brian as it relates to the demand environment, again, we continue to be very happy with the demand that we're seeing here in the U.S. but globally as well. We're happy with our pipeline. And one of the things we try to bring into the mix this time was not just the early and mid-stage pipeline -- or excuse me the mid to late-stage pipeline but we brought the kind of the total pipeline in and highlighted that we have about 10 gigawatts of opportunities in different phases that are for 2021 and beyond. So, very encouraged with the team and our ability to continue to engage with customers and find those opportunities. And our hit rates have been very good and I'm happy with that. As it relates to our last -- our first factory and actually [indiscernible] which is currently not committed to our capacity plan our capacity roadmap includes about 6.6 gigawatts of Series 6 which would have two factories in Malaysia two in Vietnam and two in the U.S. We haven't made a commitment yet on that last factory. There's a handful of things that will weigh into our decision-making. One of them is still momentum around Safe Harbor and how long do we run Series 4. So we could potentially even run Series 4 into Q1 of next year because as you know the safe harbor window allows for deliveries that go through April of 2020. So that could be a decision maker that will influence our timing and how we think through a conversion to the extent there's a conversion. The other one that I think is important though is just anything we do will clearly be driven by market. So, as we continue to build our backlog that will give us more confidence. The other one is I somewhat alluded to in what we're trying to do with our second factory in Ohio. One of the things we'd like to do is optimize the footprint to capture as much capacity out of the existing production that we have before we make additional conversions because the CapEx per megawatt of volume is significantly lower by just debottlenecking incremental CapEx and existing capital versus a new brownfield type of conversion and entire equipment set. And then obviously dealing with cost of ramp and everything else that goes along with that. So, there's a lot of moving pieces that will play into our mix in that regard. We'll probably have a much better sense of where we are on that last factory in Malaysia. As we exit the end of this year we'll be probably getting better indication of what our plan will be for that facility.
Mark Widmar: So the impact of the last project that we have is like Hancock, we'll be complete here as we exit this quarter. So the items, the portfolio has been largely built now, constructed issued have been countered, obviously reflected in our first quarter. Obviously, we still have some remaining work to be done to complete the last project for Tampa Electric, but we're only a matter of month or two out before that will be completed.
Mark Widmar: So Julien, there's a good portion of -- and what we said of the 1.1 that was booked 900 of it was in the U.S. and a couple of hundred megawatts would be for projects outside of the U.S. Potentially U.S., but most likely outside so the customer has opportunities both in U.S. and outside. They have an option to determine which projects they want to use that for. They're current -- they currently are envisioning international opportunities, but that could change as well. Given that there's not much volume, there's still some element of this that is somewhat tied to customers' view of around safe harboring. And they may already have -- in some cases the may already have volume that's on our books that enables them to safe harbor. And now they're fulfilling kind of the period in the future, which they need to complete the project. So the 5% may already be in a part of the backlog portfolio that we've already booked in prior year. And now they're saying, hey, well, I need to fill this opportunity out in 2021. And so we're engaging with the conversation for those deliveries. So the way I look at it it's indirectly related to safe harbor, because they're anchoring in with the safe harbor opportunity that's already in the backlog and now they're looking to complete that commitment with volumes that are going to be delivered in 2021. So the pricing isn't necessarily directly related. So it's not that you would say these shipments have to happen now, and therefore you're leveraging that window, which in that window if something is being shipped between now in the safe harbor window ASPs are very strong. And that's one reason why we are looking at potentially how long do we run Series 4, because I think you can get to make economic of hence that make more sense there. And -- but when you go beyond that window, it's largely wasn't the competitive dynamics or alternative options that a customer may have for modules that could be delivered in 2021. And so the window can be more competitive and is more competitive than something that's going to be delivered between now and April of next year. I think there's clear indication in the market that market is tight here in the U.S., especially through our higher efficiency, higher-performing product. There's not as much model or mono-PERC in the marketplace during that horizon, so you're seeing pretty far pricing. Unfortunately, they don't have as much supply that allows us to play that in that window. But when you go beyond that and you're delivering something in 2021 and it's -- our technology stands on its own competitive merits relative to other options our customers may have for deliveries in 2021.
Mark Widmar: So we are -- what I tried to indicate a little bit is that we're 50% booked now for a targeted capacity in the first quarter of 2021. And so if you look at our capacity roadmap, it would basically tell you it's going to be Series 6 2021 capacity of around 6.6 gigawatts. You can kind of look at the profile of how much would be available in each quarter. We're about 50% booked against that. That's a great position to start the year off. If I look at it across the entire year the numbers are closer to about a third. 30% or so is actually booked at this point in time. And against that we've got -- if you look at our 10 gigawatts of opportunities 2021 both early as well as mid to late stage, we've got a lot of opportunity now that it starts filling in that window in 2021. Now clearly, we have some bookings as we mentioned on our last call that actually go out into 2023. But feel really encouraged by the opportunity set that's in front of us and continuing engagement that we're having with customers. And hopefully, as we progress the only real window, we have a little bit of tail at the end of 2020 to deal with on Series 6. But really, the bookings as we go forward to the balance of this year, and if we achieve our one to one, or greater than one to one, of course somewhere in the range of 6 or 6.5 gigawatts the remaining call it 4 gigawatts will start filling out that 2021 window. Relative to where we are right now, if we can be successful doing that not all that will sit directly in 2021, but we'll be able to fulfill a big portion of that supply requirement by the end of this year if we're successful.
Mark Widmar: The – look there's a tremendous amount of momentum. There are numerous catalysts that are driving the global opportunity for PV. The issues – the demand is going to continue to grow isn't any concern. The real question is how much supply comes to the marketplace. That's something, I can't control. If you look at LONGi now I think they're making commitments at the model wafer level, I think going up to 65 gigawatts by 2021, which I think the last numbers that I remember were something closer to 45. Yeah. So those numbers they continue to add capacity. And so it's hard to determine what's going to happen on the spot. What we do though and what our objective is we need to create technology advantage in separation to have the lowest-cost products in the marketplace, and to have the highest energy entitlement that drives to a profit pool opportunity that we are able to capture that our competitors can't. And that's what we continue to do. We've been successful doing that in the past. The challenges in front of us are probably even greater than maybe they have been historically. But that's why we made the decision to shift to Series 6, which gives us the best potential position of strength and to grow this company and to capture scale and drive through and leveraging against our fixed operating cost and manage the business from – continue to manage the business on a balanced business model of growth liquidity profitability. And that's the core tenets of what we try to do, and we're staying the course in that regard. As we look across the horizon, we feel very comfortable, but we know this will continue to be a very challenging and demanding market.
Alex Bradley: Yes. If you do the math you'll see it stay at $0.36. And if you do the comparison to last quarter the incremental is going to show you actually booking at $0.40 per watt now as we know that's rounded for gigawatts and dollars billion. So, going to take that with things yourself but if you look at it today yes you're still going to see the backlog and module in bookings being averaged at $0.36.
Alex Bradley: Yes. I'll get the gross margin question. So, yes, you're generally right that you're seeing the impacts in Q1. It's about $35 million related to EPC business and that $10 million of ramp $5 million of which is true increase for the year and $5 million of which is you can think of a move from startup to ramp and you see a corresponding reduction in startup of $5 million. And that gets you -- that bridges you roughly from where we were to the new gross margin percent guidance.
Alex Bradley: Yes. That slide generally holds so and I think there's a question around capacity as well. If you look at that that still holds so the decline in cost for the year going from 130% of the full year average down to minus 10 at the end of the year and then the production being about 75% weighted to the second half of the year in terms of module-only Series 6 sales still holds.
