Robert Gillette: Great. Thank you, Larry, and welcome to everyone to our Q1 earnings call. We have a lot to talk about, so let's get into it here. We'll talk about the market, as well as our financial performance. So first, we had a solid quarter with net sales of $567 million. The first quarter net income was $116 million or 20.4% of net sales, resulting in diluted EPS of $1.33. Return on net assets was 17% on a 4-quarter rolling basis, representing an EVA of approximately 5% in line with our target. Our cash and marketable securities balance is $713 million, decreased $400 million sequentially, as we invested in CapEx and new factories, paid down $100 million of debt and began construction at several systems and system projects, as well as funded our recycling program. The Q1 production was 407 megawatts, up 26% versus the prior year. And up 3% quarter-over-quarter. The sequential increase was driven by the production ramp of the KLM 5 factory and improved by conversion efficiency, partially offset by 7 fewer calendar days than in the fourth quarter. The annual capacity per line increased by 1.5-megawatt quarter-over-quarter to 64.1-megawatt. Our conversion efficiency was 11.7%, which is up 0.6 percentage points year-over-year and in line with our roadmap. As a result of continuous improvement in efficiency and process, we recently released our series 3, 85-watt module for higher efficiency applications. The module manufacturing cost per watt was $0.75 which is flat quarter-over-quarter. The benefit of increased efficiency and material cost reductions were offset by factory ramp costs and fewer calendar days. Core costs which excludes the ramp penalty and stock-based compensation was $0.73 per watt, down 9% year-over-year in line with our cost reduction roadmap. To summarize our capacity build out, in March, we announced Mesa, Arizona as the location for our previously announced 4-line manufacturing plant in the United States with expected production ramp in the third quarter of 2012. Construction of our Vietnam site is progressing on schedule for shipments in the third quarter of 2012. Malaysia 5 reached full production by the end of the first quarter and Malaysia 6 is ramping in Q2 of 2011. Frankfurt Oder 2 remains on plan for third quarter ramp this year. Our 2-line factory in France remains on indefinite hold, so we have removed it from our 20 [ph] capacity plan, pending further clarity on the tender process for projects in France. Moving to Page 7. In market development, we are focused on executing our North American systems pipeline, managing through European market uncertainty and developing new markets. We are expanding market diversity, growing pipelines and maintaining our technology leadership and business model flexibility to increase our visibility in 2011 and beyond. In North America, we began to execute on the 450-megawatt DC of planned 2011 systems builds, including Agua Caliente, several projects in Ontario, as well as Santa Teresa, PNM and Paloma. The Agua Caliente DOE loan guarantee is progressing, and we expect the financing to close in late Q2 or early Q3. Topaz received its final environmental impact report, and the Bureau of Land Management issued the final environmental impact statement for desert site sunlight in April. In Europe, we're managing through a market uncertainty due to FiT and policy changes. Ambiguity about the magnitude of Germany's midyear FiT digression, lack of clarity with respect to France's tender process and Italy's delayed implementation of the new decree, all created uncertainties about project economics and financing. Industry channels are adversely impacted by the lack of transparency around pending policy revisions or contemplated FiT changes.  We're making progress in developing the Indian, Australian and Chinese markets. Our pipeline in India has the potential to drive more than 100 megawatts of shipments in 2011, up from 10 megawatts in 2010. In China, we are discussing additional agreements with leading Chinese generating companies. We also announced that we will begin to offer our modules for installations as small as 10 kilowatts in response to customer demand, having previously limited availability to 30 kilowatt systems. About a third of our modules are currently installed on rooftops around the world and this expands our offering in this growing market segment, giving our current customers more flexibility and provides access to a new range of customers, which should further diversify our sales mix. During Q1, we've hired a new CFO, Mark Widmar. Mark joined us in early April, and he's proving to be a quick study. Mark brings nearly 25 years of experience in finance and accounting to First Solar. His broad technology and industrial background will be an asset as we continue to scale. Mark, please say a few words
Robert Gillette: Sanjay, it's Rob, Mark can comment but I'll start out. I mean, with a lot of the changes or pending changes that are out there especially Italy, the market started out really slow in 2011, and so there's some build in channel inventory. Due to that build and the uncertainty, there's pressure on average selling prices. So I think prices are moving faster than people expected. So additionally there is -- that's not just that, but it's also the financing costs are rising in Germany and elsewhere that's impacting the project economics overall. So our outlook in terms of a year carries some of that lower ASP assumption, and that's embedded in our guidance, which as Mark described is partially offset by the FX and what we're seeing. And as we've discussed, we're going to look at what we have in our cap at pipeline and now are planning to build 450 megawatt versus the 400 we've talked about before. So I would tell you that the market has been delayed, and as we said, relative to Italy, especially we saw something came out today as we were just joining the conference. We haven't had a chance to review that. But the impact of Italy has created a challenge and a delay that'll take another quarter or 2, I think, to sort out once they tell us what the rules are.
Robert Gillette: Yes, Smitti, it's Rob. I think it was a little bit of a surprise in terms of the partnership overall, but I think there'll be probably more and more large companies as we now invest in the industry, and we really -- to continue to drive the industry forward, we need a lot of viable competitors to continue to drive the technology adoption and really drive it in the Utility Systems. So I think it will help to create greater awareness and drive the industry as a whole. And I think there's plenty of room for competitors in the industry. And I think it'll be something we'll have to wait and see. So obviously, the cost of capital is a plus in general, but a lot of it comes down to having the projects and executing to them. So that'd be what I'd say
Robert Gillette: Okay, it's Rob. We're always focusing on adding to that, we just don't announce it until it's complete and contracted, as you know. So we still plan on that and continuing that effort. The lumpiness in Agua Caliente revenue recognition as Mark had talked, we kind of now have it positioned starting in Q3 and then really accelerating in Q4. So that's kind of a big deal for us and some of the RESOP projects that we're involved with are also to the real estate type of accounting, so we got to get to completion on them. So that's part of what drives a little bit of the movement from quarter-to-quarter.
Robert Gillette: Yes, it's Rob. I would say it's changed meaningfully in a positive way. And so we said in 2010, we almost did 10 megawatts there in total, so when we talk about this 100-plus opportunity, we're doing it on a module basis with partners and customers today. So we're evaluating the market, putting people on the ground and determining the best way for First Solar to establish a leading position in the market. So we're open to all avenues of approach, but as of now, it's a Module business with our partners, existing and new.
Robert Gillette: Well, I think that a couple of things. One is we still have the strategy in place to build larger facilities to buy the flexibility to add or not. We did talk about taking the 2 lines out that we had intended for France, given the uncertainty. So we did that. So we do also have the pipeline of business in place, which is different from our past where the 2.4 gigawatts that we continue to grow. And then starting in 2012, we have 1 gigawatt of installations planned on a go-forward basis on our own captive pipeline. So in general, that's a significant change for us. And then our investment in developing the new markets that we've talked about versus the traditional agreements that we have in place in developed areas of the world. So we talked about India, we feel we're very pleased about that opportunity. We see some opportunity in Saudi Arabia we talked a little bit about. We didn't highlight any significant detail over the call as we went through a lot of things during the call. We feel good about Australia and what's happening there. Some of the comments that came out of China recently would reflect that there may be good opportunities to put together a commercial business that's viable, that's been our challenge there. So I would say that those are the differences, and as we look to the market and we assess it and find that there are challenges that are impacting us, we can always modify our plans on a go-forward basis. So our plan is to create flexibility with our capacity.
Robert Gillette: Well, I think when we started the business 5 or 6 years ago, a lot of our product went to the roof because of our competitive scenario, and has for many, many, many years. So I think I mentioned, despite a lot of the big volume ground mount systems that were installing in North America and elsewhere, still 30% of our business is rooftop in total. So it's really -- we've focused on the 30-kilowatt and above, in large part because we've been sold out throughout our history and a lot of our customers have always wanted to pursue that market. And I think it's an opportunity for us to apply some of our know-how and application development and beat [ph] installation rates and other things in that market as well. So we've not focused on it, and I don't anticipate it would have a significant effect on our margins in total.
Robert Gillette: Yes, it's Rob. So I would say that -- a couple of things. One is we see the similar commodity pressures that many people see in the BoS area, so if you think about copper or some steel, things like that, so that kind of commodity pricing, we try to do opportunistic buys and negotiate, but there's definitely some pressure there. So that affects us. Anything that you would read about transportation and costs related to transportation, so surcharges for transportation, whether it's on a sea or over land, that is something that would affect us that we do our best to manage. We have long-term contracts in place for the major commodities that we acquire. So like as you mentioned encapsulants or glass or other things. And you remember we've gone from being basically a very small buyer of glass 5 years ago to one of the top 3 flat glass buyers in the world today, so we've done a lot of good work, I think, there. So there is pressures for sure, but given the fact that a large part of our costs are within our control, in our operational control, and we use so little key raw materials to make the semiconductor, that it is a different scenario, I think, than some of our competitors.
Mark Widmar: Thanks, Rob. I'm excited about the opportunity to be at First Solar to support our mission of making solar affordable and to deliver value to our shareholders. In my first 30 days, I've had an opportunity to meet with the executive management and financial leadership teams. I'm truly happy and impressed by the depth of First Solar's management team and the strength of the finance and accounting organization here. First Solar is uniquely positioned in the market and I'm looking forward to helping the company scale and achieve our goals.
Mark Widmar: Well, I think what we're doing from, we talked a lot. I tried to kind of emphasize each of the countries as I went through the prepared remarks. But in general, there's 2 things. I mean obviously, we're positioning our product as we always do for sell-through so we'd talked about it in 2010 for 2011, and then we always work with our customers to manage the feed-in tariffs and the other things that are happening. So I think what's driving a lot of the challenge is the uncertainty, and we want to be able to price for sell-through in the future, so '12 and '13 beyond. So we continue to do that. I think the other part of it is, so we did include what we anticipate as some of those price impacts in the guidance that we provided. And so we continue to work with our customers. They were also placing material in developing regions of the world, to see some of this market growth and geographic diversification that you know is our focus. So we're -- that's impacting us a little bit, but we think it's a great investment for the future in terms of the people that we're putting there and what we're doing to expand the use of PV in places like India and Australia, China, elsewhere.
Mark Widmar: Yes. And in regard to the CapEx and the cash flow discussion, we really don't provide any specific guidance for the quarter. What I can say, though, as we said and related cash flow, our cash flow will probably be more towards the second half of the year. So as the systems business ramps up and we start seeing the revenue recognition-associated cash receipts, we'll see much stronger cash flow generation in the second half of the year versus the first half.
Mark Widmar: The EPC revenue in Q1 was around 8% of the total, and we would expect that number to approximately double maybe a little bit more than that as we move into Q2.
Mark Widmar: From a full year standpoint, the actual operating income is down just slightly. We're talking a nominal change of a few million dollars. Some of that is driven by the ASP pressure that we were talking about. And again, some of that is more to see higher growth or new emerging growth markets, right? So that we move some volume away from Europe where we're seeing some slowness and we're moving that into other growth markets like India. We are seeing a little bit of an ASP pressure from that standpoint. The only other thing that was significant that was in this round of guidance that we didn't have, we do have some severance-related expense that was not in our prior guidance and to be honest with you, I'd make the majority of the drop of $10 million.
Larry Polizzotto: Okay. Mark, this is Larry Polizzotto. So the DOE loan program, the Agua Caliente financing is really 2 parts. It's the DOE debt and then equity from NRG. Both of those need to close in order to close the deal, and the process on the DOE side is just taking a little bit longer than expected. It could turn out that, that gets done at the end of the second quarter but the deal may not get completed until the third quarter. And so we're not sure at this point. So at this point, we believe that it'll be in the third quarter before that deal is completely closed. But no issues with the process. It's just taking a little bit longer than expected. As far as other projects, there's 3 other projects that are applied for in the DOE process and those are progressing through the process.
Larry Polizzotto: Yes. We saw a inventory build there during the quarter which about almost 1/2 -- a little over 1/2 of the related in the systems business. We did see a little bit of inventory build, though, as well as we were ramping up KLM and our plants in Germany, which drove a little bit of additional inventory, as well as we increased our investment in strategic inventory that we currently are carrying on the book. The systems-related business will obviously follow the revenue recognition, so I would not anticipate a dramatic change in the inventory profile until we see the second half of the year.
Larry Polizzotto: Sanjay, this is Larry. Yes, we are planning on building AV Solar Ranch this year and getting some recognition for that this year. At this point, we will start building that after we sell that project and that's something we're working on right now. It's something we planned on doing in the second half of the year. So we continue to expect to do that. So no change in AV Solar Ranch.
Larry Polizzotto: Keep in mind, Rob, we added a lot of projects in the fourth quarter in our call just a couple of months ago, so it hasn't been that long since we reported recently. So but there are quite a few projects in our pipeline that we'll announce in the next few quarters.
