Michael J. Ahearn: Yes, we didn't have a pipeline assumption really on the 5-year plan. What we assume, what we're targeting is, at the baseline anyway, for the full year 2016, the annual installations of 3 gigawatts, and the way that we got to that was simply to try to take our existing production capacity, including the standard tools and maximize that. There are a lot of unknowns here, if things break in a more favorable way, it'll be larger. But we have to have a baseline to try to size resources, financial and otherwise, to be -- as far as the capital to execute it, a lot of that's going to depend on the model, the partnership, the partnering arrangements and what role we play in some of these markets, which is a reason to continue to bolster our liquidity and our cash position as we execute though these projects.
Michael J. Ahearn: Let me ask Jim Hughes to comment on the partnerships and then Mark can update you on the claims, Sanjay.
Michael J. Ahearn: The estimates of the total market size in 2016 are a bit all over the map, depending upon which source you look at. But the midpoint would be somewhere between 37 to 40 gigawatts of total market size in 2016. So a 3 gigawatt -- if we use the upper end of our range of 3 gigawatts, that's less than a 10% total market share. If you look at our participation in the U.S. markets through the California compliance with their RPS, we would be at a market share that is above that level. When we look at it globally and further subdivide that market into free-field versus distributed, it would require a greater market share in the distributed segment -- I mean, in the free-field segment, but would -- that's where we believe is our sweet spot from a competitive standpoint, and we think the assumption is reasonable. We also think that there is upside potential in terms of the total market size as prices continue to come down and as these prices begin to turn into LCOE and as the markets begin to understand what these LCOEs look like, we think there's significant potential to increase that demand from currently projected levels. But we're not counting on that. We have sized our expectations off of general market expectations about what the size of the market will be. In terms of competitive differentiation, it's all about the product that we deliver to the customer at the end of the day, which for us, is going to be a power plant, and it's going to be a power plant that looks and feels to the grid like the power plants that has control systems that interface in ways that the grid operators are accustomed to with performance prediction capabilities that allow the grid to increasingly treat it as reliable capacity instead of negative demand which brings real tangible value to the grid operator. So we think on a total quality basis, we'll have a competitive advantage. However, that doesn't mean we think we're going to have a cost disadvantage. As we execute our cost roadmap and as the industry ultimately rationalizes itself, we believe we will continue to have a very cost-effective, cost-competitive product in the marketplace and a product that has quality characteristics associated with it, that give us the opportunity to learn.
Michael J. Ahearn: In terms of partnering relationships in these markets, the current focus and discussions are really around either project development type relationships allowing joint development of projects or around EPC relationships, which allow the joint execution of engineering procurement and construction contracts, both of which are relatively common structures in other elements of the energy industry. As we move forward in time and we have visibility in the demand in these markets, we could see broader partnering arrangements that included manufacturing, but that's not something we have visibility to at this point.
Michael J. Ahearn: Well, if the question is, what does the plan contemplate in terms of irrational market participants, I think we recognize that, that is a factor in the market today. And if the industry becomes somewhat cyclic with respect to excess capacity, it could be a factor in the future. I think we feel comfortable that it will not get so severe as to render us unable to compete. Again, if you refer back to the prior question and look at the kind of market share that our plan represents, we believe there is going to be a component of the market that is not going to want to do business with an irrational market participant. They're going to have concerns about quality, long-term staying power and reliability. Enough that will reserve an element of the market, if you have these irrational market participants, for what the quality providers. We recognize that this is an industry that may face capacity excess situations in the future and that you could see irrational participants for periods of time as a result of that, and we feel comfortable that the business model is robust enough to withstand that.
Michael J. Ahearn: The challenge is granularity. When we look out to 2016, we can look to areas of the world, we can look to China, we can look to India, potentially Brazil, the Pacific coast of South America, including Peru and Chile, potentially Central America and the Caribbean, Australia and South Africa. These are all markets in which we are active today, in which we see long-term potential. When we look at the aggregate demand we think is going to exist in those markets, we're comfortable with our projection. It could be very lopsided as it actually plays out. We could see India being a very dominant opportunity and less so in some of the other jurisdictions. We really look at it from a portfolio standpoint and believe that given the large number of markets where we think solar is a compelling value proposition, that the combination will yield the numbers that we have in our plan. I would be very reluctant at this stage to provide much granularity in terms of the breakdown because in all honesty, it would not have a robust bottoms-up analytical basis for that.
Michael J. Ahearn: Yes, I think maybe, so the PPA pricing you're seeing today, at least if it's the same data set we're looking at. It's a function of RPS program, for example, in California with an ITC, an accelerated depreciation. So you've got direct and indirect subsidies embedded in that. And within that market, supply and demand dictates where pricing goes, so there is strong downward pricing pressure, and we would agree with those price levels you quoted. If you take that out of the equation, assume that, that market gets filled up, the RPS quota gets met, there may be some ongoing procurement but it will slow down. And we move to other markets where those types of subsidies don't exist, then the competitive dynamic really is around supply and demand for peak electricity as measured by other non-solar sources that are available in that market. And in that type of market setting, based on a look we've done to-date we think a market-clearing price of somewhere between $0.10 and $0.14 will work, will be quite attractive, relative to other non-solar alternatives.
Michael J. Ahearn: I think we're reluctant to put specific numbers out right now. They are very large projects that are out there, but they are at such an early stage that it would be potentially misleading to quote that and we're not to a level of probability where I think we feel comfortable with that. As we move forward and get more advanced in these markets, I think we'll be able to provide that type of information. But I think we're not comfortable doing that at this point.
Mark R. Widmar: It begins, I guess, as a range of understanding the capital required, putting aside the capital remaining to make in order to create various relationships and alliances in different markets is that the capital expenditures will be in the range of $150 million and $300 million on an annual basis which, the way I would look at that is in on the front end of the curve, it's going to be lower; and then on the back end of the curve, it'll be closer to 2016. You'll see it ramp up a little bit.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, as it relates to the LTM [ph] claims, as I indicated, we have now processed all of the claims. We determined which ones would be required for mediation and we have provided for those claims. We believe that the valuation that we've done, that we have completed has been very thorough, and we do not believe that in a meaningful amount, if any of those unremediated claims would then determine to be later to have to require remediation.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, I'll take the easy one first. The market provision is associated with our forward-looking projection of modules that are installed. And at that point in time, the girds are provided for the anticipated return rates for those modules that have been shipped or installed are actively being used by the end customers. And if you may remember at the end of the year, we did adjust our warranty rate up, a small 1% increase for a reason of understanding the mix of installations that'll happen going forward. And again, that was done as a forward-looking view. We did not provide for warranty as we incur it. We provide for warranty as we anticipated the return rate associated with product that has been shipped.
Mark R. Widmar: And then on the demand side, when you -- I think the question was around dependency around policies and subsidies. I mean, again, our strategy is to go in and to enable and create markets without that dependency. All right, we can do that with pricing competitively to other alternative sources of electricity and combine that with the value proposition of solar, we're very confident that we’ll be able to do that.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes, what I -- I guess I don't want to get into too much details around the specifics of that, but you’ve got to remember that tax holiday was originally generated when we began our initial production at, in KLM, which was initially, I believe, 4 lines when we started production. So as I think, when we look at it from that perspective, we've got 20 lines up and operational. We've given a plan that we believe will generate somewhere between 2.6 and 3 gigawatts of demand, which would say that we're going to need KLM essentially at capacity for the foreseeable future.
