Mark Widmar: Yes, Phil. I guess on the pricing side, again, one of the things, I think, we continue to emphasize and one of the points we want to continue to make is, again, how we manage our business and how we continue to try to differentiate ourselves and continue to position our technology to capture the optimal value in the marketplace. If you look at it on a year-to-date basis on the third-party module sales, everything that we booked year-to-date, call it, 1.1, 1.2, somewhere close to that number of the 1.8, the aggregate bookings are - have a 3-handle on it still. So if you look at the average that we've recognized so far against - on a year-to-date basis, it still has a 3-handle on it. Now as you go further out, there's two things that will show you a different complexion around the ASPs. One is how far out are we booking into in some of those module sales like, in particular, the one that you referenced is actually for shipments in 2022 and deliveries, I think, even starts to touch into 2023. So that's one thing. So the further out we go, as you would anticipate, the ASPs will have some amount of erosion as you move forward. The other is geographies of which we're recognizing the - where the models are going to be shipped. So the regions where we have the best value creation, hot humid climates, in particular, we're going to see higher ASPs. So if I had to give you a kind of - if you look at the average, you're going to see an advantage of probably to the average of $0.01 per $0.015 above the average when we're in kind of various core sweet markets for us like a Florida or even a Texas, okay, a Georgia. If you go north - the further north you go, you're going to see some downward pressure on the ASP. And so you may be $0.01 or $0.015 lower than the average if you're in Illinois, as an example. And so the order that we booked with Geronimo, which is, to your point, affiliated with our subsidiary of National Grid, some of that volume, a significant portion of that volume is going to be further up north in markets where we don't have as strong an energy advantage. So that - and it's further out in the horizon, so it sits out into '22 and even it touches '23. So where that volume is going to be north and then further out on the horizon, you're going to see a slightly lower ASP. And so across that average we've booked this year, does some of that volume have a 2, a very high and - a 2-handle on it, but a very high in the two range, it does. The average is still north of 3. And even when you go out into - further in the horizon, call it out into '22 and '23, if we're in a market or hot humid environment, we're still going to - we're still seeing three handles, okay? That's what we're seeing right now. Now again, we have plenty of time to be patient. I'm not holden - beholden to excess supply. Our book is full for the next 1.5 years. And so we can be very selective. We can engage with customers who value our technology, value our relationship with First Solar that we'll - they know we'll deliver, we'll honor against our contracts, and we'll provide a high-quality product. So as you get into that horizon, customers are looking for CuRe in that longer-dated horizon. I think we've got a unique value proposition, plus a lot of that volume that we did with Geronimo, I think almost all of it, is for our new copper replacement product that will create different advantages, better long-term degradation, even improved temperature coefficient. So we're happy with that booking. It's a great partnership relation we've had with them. And we're very happy with them being able to secure that volume. And I would say on balance that everything I've seen so far, I'm still happy with the ASP environment that we're in, given some of the numbers that you've quoted. And unfortunately, maybe some of our other competitors who have excess supply or an open book is maybe a better way to say, yes, they're going to see very challenging near-term ASPs.
Mark Widmar: Yes. And the only thing I'll add on the gross margin, Brian, when you look at it sequentially, a couple of things that are in the mix in there. One is that the - sequentially, the ASP is down for both four and 6, partly because the ASPs in the fourth quarter were benefited from the safe harbor pricing that was in the market at the time. Because, as you know, everybody was trying to capture their safe harbor and some of them took deliveries in - of that product in - by the end of the year. So you saw a little bit better ASPs associated with that, so you see a little bit of that. And the other is that there's still a reasonable amount - volume is down pretty significantly. So you see a pretty big drop in volume sold. And then there's still a reasonable amount of Series four that sits in the first quarter. Now as we move forward, the margin profile will continue to improve. There's about close to five percentage point difference between Series four and Series six when you look at it on a normalized adjusted basis. And as we move forward, you're going to see volume shipments move towards 100% from 36% as we get into second half, for sure, a little bit of Series four in the second quarter. But after that, it's all Series 6. And then as Alex indicated, you've got the benefit of the cost reduction road map as we progress through the balance of the year. And the fleet, yes, as Alex said, I think we're pretty happy with where we are with the fleet. There is some headwind that we're dealing with a little bit on - in Ohio and in Malaysia. Vietnam is performing extremely well. It's really the only factory that has really not been impacted in any way. Both Malaysia and Ohio have seen some impact. So what we'll probably most likely see is Vietnam will overperform for the year, and then they'll make up for some of the challenges that we've experienced here in Ohio as well as Malaysia.
Mark Widmar: Yes. So I mean, Colin, as you could expect, there's a portion of that order module backlog at utility-owned generation. So something's going into rate base that's already been approved through commission and all that. I mean, that's not a risk item, right? If anything, we're being hit directly and aggressively continue to produce and to make sure we deliver against commitments and schedules and everything else, right? So there's a portion of that. It's really the - it's more the PPA for segment and for - primarily for independent power producers or developers. And that's where the risk runs. And I would say the stuff that we're anticipating to deliver through to Q2 and Q3, largely financing is in place. Where you start seeing a little bit more of a gray area is projects that would be delivered in Q4 that released support CODs that start out in - there would be projects that would hit COD into 2021, call it, the second half of 2021. So we're about a year or so out from where those CODs are, and construction hasn't actually started in those places. So - and you've got to remember, this disruption has been with us now almost two months. And so people were going to go out, sort of hit the capital markets in kind of the end of Q1, beginning of Q2 that largely would have put their construction financing, tax equity bridge financing in place that then would have funded their construction and deliver against CODs in the second half, middle of 2021. So it's really the volume that sits in our fourth quarter that is our most exposure to the stuff. In Q2, Q3, it's not as much. And again, if anything, it's more directly tied to the utility-owned generation, which a portion is - of that volume is less risk at this point in time. I don't have the exact percentages that I can put you in each bucket, but I can just give you some color around where the exposure sits.
Alexander Bradley: Yes. So I mean, on the gross margin, we commented on the pieces that are having a negative impact to the quarter. I can't talk much more beyond that. What I can say is that when you talk about the 10% reduction over the year, I'd say we're very pleased with how things are going in the first quarter. If you look at - we've had a couple of COVID-related expenses. But stripping those out, I think, we are very pleased with the manufacturing performance and the cost performance. I'd say, we believe we're on track for that reduction over the year as of Q1. As it relates to the systems business, so when we guided to the year, we said around 30% of the revenue was coming out of the systems business. If you look in the Q, you will see in the pipeline table, there's very limited assets there that have already been sold where we're continuing to recognize revenue. Those limited assets remain - are up and around 90-or-above percent complete. So the majority of the systems revenue for the year was coming from assets that have yet to be sold. Those are assets both in the U.S. and in Japan. And so that's what - one of the significant reasons when we looked at - on the guidance, what we chose to do in terms of not only giving guidance but significant driver of that was uncertainty around the systems business. And that relates to uncertainty around the timing of financing. And if you look in the U.S., I think tax equity and debt markets, they stand and are generally open for deals that were begun prior to pandemic. We have some assets where financing is in place, others where we're still looking to finance those deals. I think capacity for 2020 exists, 2021 tax capacity is still a lot less certain as the institutions are grappling with the impact of the prices and what it means for their future tax positions. On the debt side, the markets are generally open, but - although we've seen a surge of issuance on the investment-grade credit risk and expressed our guidance for better credits. So I think there's a piece of it around financing, but there's also significant logistical challenges you got to remember on the systems side, right? So asset sales involve multiple counterparties and significant logistical challenges to get done. So when we look at our portfolio, I think we believe that even those that aren't financed or sold are well positioned to get the financing they may need. We may sell them under a typical sales structure where the project is sold and the counterparty takes financing construction risk and that becomes a responsible purchaser. We may alternatively need it - find it present better value for us to do that financing and potentially even hold assets for a little bit longer. So I think a lot of what you're seeing is a timing issue. It's not a fundamental issue. But there are assets we hold that are yet to be sold and some of them are yet to be financed, and that's one of the key challenges to the guidance.
Alexander Bradley: Yes. So the impacts on the margin in some ways are similar. So when I say it's - one of the significant reasons for us having lack of clarity on our future guidance is the systems business. The issues we face on the systems business are the same issues our customers who are buying modules from us face on their projects. So a lot of our modules volume is going to customers who have projects that have financing, either in place or committed. However, there may be assets where that isn't the case. And if so, we may see customers requesting delays to allow them to close financing. And if that's the case, we'll work with customers as we can to accommodate their schedules. So I think there's definitely some overlap there. There's also some more simple issues on the modules side. We may have shipping constraints getting modules to their final delivery point, be that sea, rail or road. And we may find the same from customers, they have constraints to taking delivery reports on project sites. So from our side, one of the large drivers of lack of clarity around guidance was the systems business, but there are some of the same forces at play as it relates to the module business. And relating to the last question around gross margin, I think we're going to see some of that play out in Q2 as well. We already have a view of some module shipments being delayed out of Q2 into Q3 based on some of those factors I spoke about just now. As it relates to costs, it's not going to have a direct impact on our manufacturing costs. So it will have an impact on timing of rev-rec. Gross margins impacted us with lower revenue, and therefore, lower gross margins. We have less absorption of the fixed cost structure that sits across both our module and systems business. But otherwise, you see the manufacturing business continues to run the cost of base of interest rate. And we'll just see a timing of rev-rec and gross margin shift largely out into the second half of the year.
Alexander Bradley: Yes. Ben, I just want to reiterate. I think this is a timing issue more than a business fundamental issue. So if you look at the comments we made in the script, our underlying demand is strong and shown by the bookings reported, including 0.8 gigawatts since the end of the quarter, right, after the end of the Q date, which was all during the COVID-19 pandemic. If you look at the other businesses, the underlying manufacturing fundamentals are strong and have shown - demonstrated really good throughput capacity in the factories. Efficiency is good. Cost borrowing, COVID-specific impact is good. CapEx capacity plans are on schedule. The OpEx metrics continue to improve. So we have the issues that we've just talked around - especially around systems business. But all this being said, the challenge with the guidance is our inability to forecast timing. We just don't have that clarity today. But business fundamental remains strong.
Alexander Bradley: Yes. And I do think we'll see some impacts to Q2 and Q3, but those are going to be more related to logistics than they are with the financing. It's going to be a function of ability to ship and ability to receive relative to the plan versus financing, which for those projects are typically already in place. As Mark said, the financing challenges are more likely for later in the year deliveries or deliveries out in 2021.
