Mark R. Widmar: All right. So a lot there, I'll try to hit on it. As it relate to third-party shipments for Series 6 and again we originally planned the vast majority of the early production was going to go into our own self-developed assets and that's what is happening. The shipments to third-parties really don't start to happen until really the end of the year into the November, December timeframe, where we really start to see any meaningful volume starting to go into third-party shipments. So, again, we've allowed this optionality and flexibility with our own self-developed assets to absorb the volatility potentially around the ramp and potential implications that that may have or even the timing of various certifications. As relates to the certifications, again, to the third-parties I see no impact at all of anything going to third party, but the other thing I just want to put in perspective is that we have historically and we will do it again here, effectively do in-field certification. So, we've done with this before with Series 4 and we have continued to ship, and then do the in-field certification and so the initial shipments that are going out right now to one of our self-developed assets will use that same type of methodology. So, I don't want you to feel like the timing around certification and the fact that it's slipping a little bit really will have any impact – not only won't have any impact to third-party customer shipments because they're further out on the horizon, but even to our own self-developed assets, it won't be an issue from that standpoint. Series 6 volumes are – the cost side of the equation, but for what we're seeing right now with the potential stress points on aluminum, mainly with what's going on with tariffs and, in general, commodity price increases, there's a little bit of friction from that standpoint. So if I look at it, where are we stressed a little bit on our cost per watt assumptions around Series 6 is primarily related to the frame. Beyond that, I feel very good where we are. Again, we have to get to high volume manufacturing, much higher volume manufacturing than we're in right now, which will continue to help drive costs down as well. We feel good about that. Relative to the 40%, again, that was an exit end of 2016 type of number and we feel very confident with where we'll be with Series 6 once it is fully ramped. From a booking standpoint and what that profile should look like, and when you look at it right now, as we indicated in the prepared remarks, the incremental capacity that we've now added with Series 6, plus the decision we announced last quarter to run our two lines in Perrysburg for – actually restarting them because we initially had shut them down. The combination of the two of those will give us about 1.2 gigawatts production over 2018, 2019 and 2020, which, if you look at that relative to what we said in the Analyst Day, now says that our cumulative production over that horizon is about 15 gigawatts. You pull out 500-or-so megawatts that we shipped right now through the first quarter, it says we've got another 14.5 gigawatts of production that will happen over the next several years. And against that, we have 10.6 gigawatts booked, which means we've got 4 gigawatts to continue to book. Against that number, I've got 1.2 [gigawatts] that is signed right now in our mid- to late-stage, subject to CP. So you're starting to look at a little bit north of 3 gigawatts to have everything sold through in that horizon. When I look at the north of 8 gigawatts, back out 1.2 gigawatts, that leaves me 7 gigawatts of mid- to late-stage to realize 3 gigawatts or so of additional bookings to make sure we sell through all the way through 2020. A lot of work still to be done, but could we be in a position by the end of this year that largely has gotten that accomplished and then starting to put more points on the board beyond 2020, I mean that would be the goal and there is a path to say that that could happen.
Mark R. Widmar: Well, look, Sophie, the way our contracts are structured, and they have been through the horizon that we've been talking about building the contracted pipeline, is they are firm fixed prices that also become associated with some form of payment security or down payment, whether in the form of an LC or cash, or something along those lines. And they're enforceable and there's obligations of the customer to take and there's obligations of First Solar to perform relative to those contracts. There are not any price adders or deltas, per se, but for a price adder for the bin. So if we contract at a 430 watt module and we deliver a 435 watt module, then there will be a price adder. If we deliver a 425 watt module, there would be a price deduction. That's really the only variability in the ASPs, other than the bin that ultimately is delivered to the customer relative to what was contracted. And there's provisions in the contract to allow for deltas on the contracted bin. It goes up and down. Other than that, there's really no variability into the contracted ASP.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. I'll add this to the guidance, the thing is, Ben, as you know, we're obviously going to be very prudent as it relates to when do we take up guidance. And I think we're still early in the year and there's a lot of moving pieces and we want to always reserve that optionality as it relates to capturing better value for a development asset by selling it at the optimal time to capture that value equation versus trying to make it fit into a particular quarter or year. So, we're always going to be a little bit more balanced in that regard and we'll see how the year progresses and provide an update around that in our next earnings call. As it relates to Series 6 and, look, we're very happy with the bookings and we've added more capacity now for that reason, and not only for what's contracted, but also for what sits in our development – or excuse me, our mid- to late-stage pipeline at this point in time. We're continuing to add EPC, so we're taking, we showed another 380 megawatts or so this quarter that we booked on top of a module agreement that was already contracted. We have another 500 megawatts of EPC that we'll be able to most likely add to additional volume that we have contracted modules on and we're going to continue to look to that. So that's going to be another adder. Then another piece will be O&M, on all the volume that we're talking about now close to 1 gigawatt, we've added EPC to or will add EPC to here over the next quarter or so. We're also working to add additional O&M to that scope. So another revenue stream and earnings pool that will come on top of what we've already contracted on Series 6. The other piece of it is managing OpEx and scale, and I think the thing we continue – and I want to make sure people continue to model and think through is contribution margin flow through against a relatively fixed cost OpEx. So we now have a roadmap that says, as we exit 2020, we'll be north of 7 gigawatts. And we start modeling that and looking at incremental contribution margin against a fixed cost OpEx that's relatively flat, it drives op margin expansion and EPS expansion as well. So, those are things I think that people need to look at. And the other thing I want to make sure people understand is related to Series 6. We have a lot still in front of us. We're happy with where we started at this point in time, especially on the module wattage and efficiency, I'm extremely pleased with that. The risk that we all focused on the most was the front-end of line, and the front end of line is performing extremely well. We got some issues on the back end, we're trying to work through and that's more of a throughput issue. But the reality, though, is that as you think through the entitlement around the efficiency and, ultimately, where the costs can go for Series 6, it's not done. So I know Phil asked the question around 40% lower than where we were on Series 4. There's still a meaningful opportunity to continue to drive down the costs on Series 6 and to continue to drive the efficiency up and further enhance the overall competitiveness of the product. So, those are all things that we'll give updates in the future. But if you had to ask me, maybe where people need to think about in the business model as we move forward, those are probably the main points that I'd mention.
Mark R. Widmar: All right. I'll take the systems business question, Brian, and Alex will take the other two. Yeah, look, I'm very happy with where we are right now on the systems business. We've always said that the gigawatt is the target annually and we could trend above that number any given year and we've also said that maybe, over time, as we continue to see more progress maybe the number goes up. And what I'm seeing right now there's clearly a potential that that could happen, especially with what we're seeing in some of the international opportunities, beyond just what we're doing here in the U.S. So I think, the combination of the two says that there could be an additional upside to the systems business as we look over the horizon. And we will be selective. I mean, there is a very unique and specific opportunity set that we're going out after and where we want to position ourself in the market as well as the geographies in which we want to do development, particularly, and our systems business, in general. But subject to kind of those guardrails, I'm very happy with the systems business movement and there could be an opportunity that we'll do better than that over the next few years.
Mark R. Widmar: Okay. So, Colin, on new customers, we haven't historically reported on that specifically, but what I can tell you just – I'll just use for example some of the announcements that we just made in terms of customers. The Vectren, the first deal that we've done with Vectren, Tampa Electric, which we announced the first deal a quarter or so ago. First time we've done business with Vectren, the U.S. developer that we talked about, 1.2 gigawatt that we've done 700-plus this year and 500-or-so last year. That's essentially a new customer, we really haven't done anything with that customer. When I get out into the international markets, we highlighted volumes in Turkey, which again is a customer that we haven't done a lot of volumes with in the past. Australia had some of the momentum that we got going on in Australia. We're expanding there. Japan, we're expanding there. So when I look at the profile of new customers, while we don't report on it specifically, one of the things that's enabled us to grow the pipeline that we have in terms of contracted bookings as well as the mid- to late-stage is a very diverse customer set and a lot of customers that we have not done business with historically. And part of it is because the excitement that's been created with Series 6. So the product that we have now is looked at as competitively advantaged in the marketplace. And there's even, to some extent, more of a pull versus a push with some of our customers wanting to come to us and work with First Solar because of the technology that we're bringing to market from that standpoint. I didn't understand – I also talked to the incentive question, but you said something about adding capacity. Help me understand that in terms of customer. I thought I heard you say customers adding capacity. I'm not sure of the question.
Mark R. Widmar: I mean, we haven't seen a lot of that. We've actually done some of that in some of the international opportunities where we found ways to add incremental DC in certain cases. Clearly, there's opportunities where customers have done development of particular site and the interconnect's been sized to something that's larger than the actual capacity that was being built in the first phase and then gets expanded beyond that. So, those really do happen from time to time. As it relates to any potential repowering, at least from a First Solar perspective, we haven't seen much of that all.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. And what I said in my comments as well, I mean, look, the relative competitiveness of U.S. manufacturing right now is really exciting to me and really to some extent overwhelmingly in terms of its relative position. It's not just the corporate tax rate and incentive and everything else that have been brought to the table, but just the labor productivity and advantages that we can get here in the U.S. relative to what we can see in some of the international markets, and just the general support we can get at the state level or the federal level support with the tax structure or whatever it may be. U.S. manufacturing coupled with our Series 6 product that – less labor content per module, it's very competitive to do U.S. manufacturing right now, and it also helps us reduce the logistics, the freight costs, delivering to customers here in the U.S., our ability to serve our customers more timely and responsiveness around that, and we're very happy about the ability to add more manufacturing capacity in the U.S.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah, the other thing – I mean I would just say, to some extent, some of the incentives that we're getting are comparable to the incentives we would have had when we first started manufacturing in Ohio. And a lot of them will relate to property tax abatements and other reductions that will happen over time. So the numbers, when we're actually able to communicate them, they'll be a large number, but in aggregate. But you also have to look at the timeline of which you'll see the benefit, they'll carry on for many years.
Mark R. Widmar: Yes. So I'll let Alex take a handful of them. I will just kind of the first one as it relates to the competitiveness of U.S. manufacturing. Yes, Series 6 is lower labor content per module produced. So that helps relative – and again, you have better labor productivity in the U.S., so a combination of less labor content and then better productivity effectively creates almost a level playing field with our manufacturing in Vietnam and Malaysia. The other thing that we get though is localization of the supply chain. And so having a local supply chain now that we have higher production volumes that we can run through their supply chain, which drives economies of scale to our suppliers which enables them to further reduce their costs, which drivers flow through benefit to First Solar is extremely impactful as well. And you couple that with lower freight cost to deliver to customers. And then the reality is that, yes, while we have a tax holiday in Malaysia, when you look through that holiday period and you look at the normalized U.S. tax rate relative to the normalized Malaysia or Vietnam tax rate, it's favorable from that standpoint. So there's many different aspects that has enhanced the overall competitiveness of U.S. manufacturing. And like I said, we're very happy to be able to expand manufacturing in Ohio.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yes. So, Ben, I'll start with the guidance and Mark will talk about the Series 6. So on the guidance side, we had some upside to the quarter from the settlement of the sales and use tax examination, which was in our suite of risks and opportunities for the year, but not necessarily looked at for being in Q1. So that's an upside. And that's been offset partially by, as I mentioned, we've pushed out the Beryl project. So we're currently in the sale process for that asset and we expect now to close that in 2019. Based on the current position in the sale process, we think we'll meet or potentially exceed our clients' expectations around that project. However, as we've always said, we will look to optimize total project value over making a specific quarter or even a specific year of guidance. And right now, it's looking like we can optimize value on that asset by pushing it out. We've also got a couple of risks for the year. So Mark talked a little bit about the potential impact of Series 6 around the aluminum on the frame. We're also seeing steel, aluminum costs potentially increase across the EPC business as a function of tariffs and then the ancillary impact to the pricing of exempted or non-tariff steel, aluminum as well. And then lastly we have the Ishikawa project in Japan, which has had some schedule challenges related to adverse weather, and then we have a mitigation plan and we still think we have a good path to selling that in 2018. But if you look at all of those in totality, there's a lot of variability in the guidance for the year and we think that keeping the range where it is today gives us some flexibility should we see increase in traffic costs or potentially a slip out of the Ishikawa project into next year. So that's why we're keeping guidance for the year as it is. In terms of the guidance over the year, we guided to the first half that could be about a quarter of the earnings for the year. If you look at the first quarter that we recorded, you take the sales and use tax piece out and the breakeven guidance we are giving for Q2, you go to about that same place. So guidance for the year not changed, still a lot of variability in the year. But we are pretty confident we have a good path to the bottom range of the guidance.
Alexander R. Bradley: And Brian, on the numbers, so just to clarify, it's $150 million of CapEx increase for this year and $250 million, which we'll spend in 2019, so total approximately $400 million. And on the startup side, we originally, at the Analyst Day, guided to $170 million of both ramp and startup combined in 2018 and about $50 million in 2019. We're adding $10 million to that number for 2018 today, so current guidance is $180 million combined. Now, we haven't updated for 2019 or beyond yet, and we may do so later in the year. But for now, the only update is $10 million addition to 2018.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah, Colin, on the Ohio side, so the range of state and county level local incentives, we haven't listed exactly what those are. But they include a range of job creation incentives, training incentives, sales and property tax abatements, most of which have been largely finalized, but have potentially got either local voters or things to completely finalize those. So they're largely in place, and there's a wide range. The other thing I'd say is that one of the reasons we can expand U.S. manufacturing capacity is associated with the lower corporate tax rate, and tax reform. And part of that tax reform has been the ability to immediately expense sales or equipment, so less a direct incentive, but also another reason that's made this more competitive relative to international manufacturing.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah. So Michael, there is not much update I can give you beyond the range of those, they're in the process of being finalized. But we'll update you further on later call as we get more clarity.
Alexander R. Bradley: So, for the Series 6 in Ohio directly impacts our recent bid (54:22) on systems projects. I don't know that having more U.S. manufacturing relative to other international manufacturing changes our ability to be on the systems side. I would say overall Series 6 is a very competitive product and having that product enables us to be more competitive in systems business, be it domestically or internationally. But one of the key things that we talked about OpEx on scale. So, yes, we're going to be up about $10 million of start-up this year, which does mean we are managing our core SG&A effectively that will be down slightly from previous guidance. This year we're going to be running still at around $0.10 per watt of OpEx. And if you look at our growth over time we aim to grow the company at 7-plus gigawatts of capacity without significant increases in OpEx. So, there'll be a minimal increases around some of our variable costs including sales expense. But outside of that, we would look to bring that number down by 50% or more to get down to, call it, a $0.05 per watt of OpEx number out when we're at that kind of 7 gigawatt range. And also remember that when we talk about that OpEx number we're including freight and warranty in that number, which is not the same if you look at most of our competitors. So, to do apples-to-apples comparison, you'd have to strip that out of our number. So, as Mark mentioned, there's clear value in scaling and the benefits of OpEx in the incremental contribution margin that we can get through managing that OpEx profile carefully.
