Mark Widmar: Alright, so, Phil, I guess, on the pricing, there’s a little bit of potential pricing upside in 2022, but not overly significant to the extent that the sales, there are about 30% of the volume we have in 2022, has some sales rate adjustments, which will appropriately take -- comply with the obligations under the contract and, therefore, adjust if the cost is above the capital, which we agree to, so that could impact it. If we are able to, for example, improve the temp coefficient on our current product, then there’s potentially some opportunity that can be monetized in 2022 but there’s not a significant increase in ASP opportunities off of what you see. And I think the contracted backlog that will show up in the K is going to be somewhere right around I think $0.27 or something like that. And that relates to the 22 gigawatts or so that we do have contracted.  As you go into 2023, I will take that, look, I what I said in the call is that, essentially, the ASPs are relatively flat; I think we’re down about three tenths of a cent or something like that in ‘23 relative to ‘22. But there’s about $0.03 of adjustment, there’s a penny or a little bit north of a penny on the sales rate, I want to make sure that’s understood. Again, our pricing includes not only the module but the delivery of the module, so if you think about what our pricing or net pricing is today, at least for the module, you take cost $0.27 or so which is in the K at the average, and you pull $0.05 out of that. So that effectively says that our net module pricing is about $0.22.  If you do that same analysis for the revised contracting structure that we have, you would take the $0.27 and back off about $0.025, so you’re going to see an increase of ASP just from that structure. There’s a potential of $0.025 of higher ASP monetization in 2023, than we have in 2022 because of how we structured the contract. Now, only about 70 or so percent of the contracts in 2023 have that structure, all of the bookings that we’ve done, that whole 12 gigawatts that we just referenced, as an example, have a modification formula actively embedded in that or a customer may accept export type of pricing, therefore, we don’t take the freight risk, and they’re responsible for it as an example. So, there’s opportunities, if you take the $0.27 and if you include the sales freight, and if you include the price adjusters for the technology, which could be by [indiscernible] could be higher bid and so on, that you could see significant increases in ‘23 over ‘22.  You can do the math, you can sort of make your own assumptions, does it get into the 30s or not, there’s the potential to start pushing upwards of that. But again, depending on how we structured the risk profile on the sales freight, you can see individual opportunities that will have three handles on them for various reasons and how we structure and how we contract it. As it relates to expected margin, I can’t give you the absolute numbers on that but what I can say is that, there’s upward opportunity in ASPs based on what I referenced. Alex indicated that will continue, we just took 6% of cost per watt down in 2021 over 2020 and then there’s other you single digit types of opportunity of reducing ‘22 over ‘21. So if you just do your math, carry it forward, you can see that there is still a trajectory. Even in the environment that we’re dealing with right now that is very challenging, there’s a trajectory that can still drive to a lower cost per watt. So you can do the margin around in terms of what is the expected margin is by doing the math and how we’ve described it during the call on ASP as well as the cost side.  On the comment about Digi that we’ve been saying for a while now that we are looking at tandem structures and high efficiency modules that drive an opportunity to expand there are traditionally utility scale segment of the market which we currently serve. As we think through that roadmap and that product evolution, then clearly it does open a Digi [indiscernible] type of opportunity that could enable an entitlement of higher ASPs. But Phil, as you know, I mean, we are on a path to get 16 gigawatts. I mean, if we’re dealing, let’s say, 500 megawatts, maybe even a gigawatt, yes, it’s a great market, we want to participate, we’ve got some great services, we’ve had some conversations in that regard, but still going to be, relatively small percentage of the overall business. 
Mark Widmar: Yeah. On the other policy, just in general, around 201 and clearly, we were disappointed with the bifacial exemption that was provided. The reality is, for me, the way I look at this, the model has many different attributes but every module basically takes photons and electrons. And how you choose to do that, we talk about our attributes a lot, we talk about our spectral response and our ability to be damaged as relates to moisture in the air and humidity. We talk about our temperature coefficient, we talk about our shading response as an example. Those are all attributes, which take advantage of your technology beyond just the labeled watts and turning photons into electrons and bifaciality is nothing more than that. It is just another attribute that allows for additional energy generated from a module that takes photons and makes electrons. So there to me is no common sense rational reason why bifacial modules would be exempt. It’d be no different than if somebody to any attribute, it could be long-term degradation, our long-term degradation where you could say that, if you have a long-term degradation rate that’s below x, then you’d be exempt from the 201 duties, which, to me wouldn’t make any sense, nor does the bifacial exemption in itself make any sense.  As it relates to our customers, our customers, they value that the relationship with First Solar. They value our willingness to deliver and to honor our contracts and to stand by them in times they were challenged in right now. And that’s why we refer to our customers as partners, and we partner in times of when things are going well and when things are more are more challenging, right. We’re going to work together and we’ll find solutions that we can enable each other success. As we look to this is, again, a marathon, a long-term journey, of which we’re different front end as a world of electrification. And all that world of electrification starts by turning photons into electrons and we’ll do that better than anyone else and so our partners want to work with us.  And so yes, there’s some policy angst, ebbs and flows, but nobody can look around the corner and say for certain that any of our competitors, again, vastly Chinese competitors will be able to stand by our partners through their journey, and the uncertainty of things that could happen. So it does play to our strengths. Just look at our -- we just booked 12 gigawatts. We have a mid-to late-stage pipeline of 27 gigawatts. After those 12 gigawatts were booked, we got to -- including early stage, we got 55 gigawatts, both of those pipeline metrics are up about 10 gigawatts from what we talked about during the last earnings call, and we just booked 12 gigawatts. So there’s lots of opportunities. I think our value proposition, our uniqueness, our technology, our growth plan, our expansion, being America’s solar company along the lines, Joe, what you’ve referenced means a lot in the market that we’re in right now. So I think it plays to our strengths.  As relates to growth, what I meant to, we talked before about growth, we’ve got capacity expansion for two new factories, one here in Ohio and another in India. We mentioned that we are working to evaluate further expansion, and if this pipeline -- our backlog of bookings, and then pipeline of opportunities continues to grow, we get to a point where we’re going to need to start evaluating expansion beyond what we’ve already committed to, and is there another factory of 3 gigawatts or is there another two factories that could be 6 gigawatts to be determined, but it’s all driven often by fundamentals of demand in the marketplace, our relative position, and our ability to sell forward. So we’ll keep you updated. All we’re trying to do is to let people know that, hey, we’re working through that and we’re working very closely with our tool suppliers to enable that opportunity, if it were to come about.
Mark Widmar: So on the ASP, the way we look at it, again, there’s about 30% of our contracts in 2022 that have some freight adjuster. Again, just to put it back in perspective, to look at where we were a year ago, in Q1 of 2021, sales freight we reported in our number was about $0.025. So we’ve gone from $0.025 in Q1 of last year to $0.05 a lot. So we didn’t really -- and we generally have assumed historically around $0.02 that’s kind of what our implied assumption is, that’s what it’s been historically and as we continue to drive lots up, it dilutes the average freight balance, it improved [indiscernible] a lot and everything else. So we saw this dramatic shift starts to happen in kind of Q2 of 2021, so we started modifying our contracts such that we weren’t carrying that entire freight risk. And so there’re adjusters, now not all of the benefits that just flow into ‘22, they flow -- they start to flow into a much higher percentage, about 70% or so. At ‘23, we’ll have freight adjuster and really everything forward from ‘23 will have some form of freight adjuster associated with them.  So when you think about it, you got $0.05 as a headwind in this year’s results that you’re going to recover some nominal amount back from the customer and so you will see some adjustments to ASP as we progress throughout the year, maybe it ends up being about a penny and a half, somewhere -- or excuse me about a half a penny. So you’re going to see our ASP will trend up from what’s in our backlog right now as these sales rate adjusters are reflected for 2022 shipments. But we do that same math and looking how we structured our freight right, there’s about a penny and a half that will come through in 2023. So the year-on-year, when you look at apples-to-apples, the ASPs, because of that recovery on the sales rate, it is going to go up about a penny. So you’re -- thinking about your 27 this year is probably going to deploy you closer to 27.5, and then you got about a penny of that upside for that ASP going into 2023. Now, this all assumes that sales rates stays at $0.05, if it goes up to $0.06, well, then that adjuster is going to be higher, because I’m still only really caring about $0.025 of the total sales rate risk my customer is going to pay me and accompany me for anything above and beyond that.  And then the other piece that will be accretive to ASP as we go into 2023 is we refer to them as these technology or platform adjusters, right. So we’ve contracted with customers, just to look at a baseline product, the baseline product, basically, is what we’re producing today, call it a 465 [phonetic] standard CuRe product. But we do anything about that, the bins get better. If the [indiscernible] gets better, the LTR gets better, it becomes bifacial, whatever it may be Series 7 will have a premium on it and that starts flowing into 2023, as well. So, all those become incremental to the ASP. And because -- while they’re structured contractually that way, we don’t have certainty out of the exact product that will be delivered, we can’t reflect it into our contracted backlog. Those will be realized over time and then you’ll see those benefits improve in contracted backlog. That’s the point we’re trying to make.
Mark Widmar: Yeah, so let -- one thing before, Ben, as we get to your question I want to go back to the last question asked about Europe and were we seeing anything about Europe. There’s been an – and I left to answer, I just answered the ASP. As it relates to Europe, there’s been -- we’ve had ongoing discussions with Europe and Europe is evolving in their journey similar to what we saw in India, as well as what we’re seeing here in the US around creating domestic capabilities around manufacturing. So we are engaged, we have some -- we’ve had conversations in Europe around manufacturing there. So it’s one of the opportunities that we are evaluating along with the US and India, for example, for any further expansion, we got to cover that one.  So then on our freight costs, again, what we’re doing, just think of it, I’m telling the customer that our base price is X, and we’ll take $0.025. So as we go into volumes and go on into ‘24 and ‘25, any volatility to that number really results in a variable ASP, so that it stays at $0.05 cents, as I go out into 2024 and 2025, there’ll be an incremental ASP such that our customer will actually then covered that incremental sales rate cost, so largely ours is fixed at $0.025. We think that’s a manageable position to take as we contract forward and our partners see it the same way that there should be some element of risk sharing, and given the uncertainty of what’s going on in the market, and who knows how long it will continue. So I do think that we’ve come to a reasonable balance approach around how we’re thinking about sales freight and how we’re contracting as we go forward.  India pipeline, there’s a lot going on, there’s a lot of opportunity. India, it doesn’t generally book out in as far as of horizon, you’re normally going to see them maybe booking to secure modules about a year out terms of when the expected deliveries are needed. We’re still looking second half of ‘23, so we’re more than a year out to when the factory will be up and running and we’re being a little careful with loading the front end production with selling out volume through at this point, just because it could be potential delays, unanticipated events could happen that could delay the project or the construction schedule or the tool installed, that we don’t want to comment to volume with our customer. So we’re leaving the front end and say the first quarter is kind of open right now until we have a higher level of certainty, we’re further along in the construction as well as the install of the tools to commit to volumes with our customers. But it’s not for lack of interest in demand, we’ve got a lot of opportunities in the pipeline, and I think you’re going to see multiple gigawatts of bookings before the end of the year for India.  Bifacial, it’s really -- it’s an energy gain, right. If you look at it, it should get -- let’s say, our bifaciality is going to be a little bit lower than where crystalline silicon is right now but we’re still going to give probably in the range of 1% to 2% of energy and energy, depending on what markets sharing is worth, say three quarters of a penny to about a penny and a half. So you’ve got an ASP opportunity premium for bifaciality and you call it in the range of, if you get 2%, it’s going to be a penny and a half; if you get $0.015 for 1% of energy, it’s going to be close to $0.03. So, you are somewhere between a penny and a half and, and $0.03 on ASP. No different than critical silicon, there’ll be some trade-offs, some of the balance system costs because of [indiscernible] and other things that you may need to do that to capture the full benefit of the bifaciality, there may be some incremental BLS costs which will actually then pull from that ASP entitlement. But as we currently see it right now, it would be accretive, it’ll drive higher ASP and it’s another value of energy and we sell energy. It’s not labeled loss, it is the actual energy profile that comes out of the module.
