Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. I guess just general color around the profitability on bookings. We're still very pleased with the margin realization that we're capturing. We are being very disciplined though and engaging in making sure that we're capturing full value of our technology. So if you use India as an example, it's a market that our technology is competitively advantaged. A hot humid climate, we have a superior spectral response and that can command an energy advantage over crystalline silicon. Plus it's mainly fixed tilt structures in India, which is again more advantage for our Series 4 product than, say, a tracker solution. Plus we have a number of self-developed projects in India, and the returns on what we're capturing against the sell-down – our anticipated sell-down of those projects are in line with what we would normally expect and even in some cases on the upper end of our expectation. We've been very pleased with the ultimate performance of those assets. Having said that, is the market becoming more competitive? It clearly is. We're seeing a lot of very aggressive pricing behavior in the market whether it's at the PPA level or whether it's at the module level. And that's why we have to be disciplined and selective, and engaging with customers and developing relationships to ensure we can capture the full value of the offers and the value creation that we provide to our partners and our customers. So we are being disciplined in that regard and we are seeing a very aggressive marketing environment. There's no doubt about that. And that's what's also informed our view around capacity expansion and why we are being disciplined as we think about when we'll add capacity. As we indicated in our prepared remarks that we'll continue to assess that as we move forward. As it relates to near-term, our focus is converting all of our capacity into Series 5. So we want all of our Series 4 product into Series 5 as quickly as possible, and our current timeline would indicate that that would happen in the end of 2017. We'll continue then also to validate the business case around Series 6. And as we get more informed and have a better understanding and realization of the current views around Series 6, we will start to think about how do we add capacity and the associated timing around that. So I would say for now, again, near-term focus, moving Series 4 to Series 5; as we get better information and validate Series 6, that'll determine the timing around when do we start to add incremental capacity.
Mark R. Widmar: I'll do the margin question. I'll let Alex take the question around how we're thinking through timing of activities between 2017 and 2016. As it relates to the margin realization, similar to what we, I think, highlighted in the Analyst Day, especially when you start looking at our contracted pipeline in particular, the margin profile will start on the lower end of the range in 2017 and then continue to improve as we move through the balance of this decade primarily because as we transition into Series 5, it's a much more competitive product. And what we look at right now for our Series 5 capacity in 2017, it's probably going to be right around 1 gigawatt, which means we have about 2 gigawatts of Series 4 product that we're going to have to sell through. We also indicated in the comments today that the value of that delta in form factor as it relates to lower labor cost, fewer connectors, better wire management, elimination of clips is worth over 100 basis points of equivalent efficiency. So what you should think about is our margin profile in 2017 is going to be on the lower end. It's mainly because two-thirds of our production volume is still going to be Series 4. As we transition that into Series 5 and then really get to a position of an equivalent form factor and really capturing full value of our energy advantages, you'll see margin expansion as we go into 2018 and 2019 and 2020.
Mark R. Widmar: So relative to the contracted or systems business pipeline for 2017, one of the things we said in our prepared remarks – with our incremental booking that we now have, India which is a little less than 100 megawatts DC. We have about 400 megawatts of systems business already positioned for 2017. We have a pipeline that would move us towards closing that out and getting to a gigawatt expectation for 2017, for that other 600 megawatts or so. We're still working through those. There are a couple in there that I would say that – not around the economics. Those economics are very compelling. There're some issues around structuring of the PPAs and overall bankability of those PPAs. As you know, as we indicated already some of these are in international markets where we're just trying to work through in making sure they're clearly financeable and bankable. So there're some challenges in that regard, but what I would say is there's a sufficient pipeline of projects that would enable us to get to our goal of having 1 gigawatt of systems business in 2017. The other aspect that we continue to be very mindful of and very disciplined on is making sure that we get a proper return on capital, given the risk profile of doing international development business, right. In some markets pricing has gotten very aggressive, so we have to be careful in that regard. So we'll be balanced, making sure that the return on capital is commensurate with the underlying risk associated with those opportunities, but I would say in aggregate, we're still very happy with the robustness of our pipeline to get to our goal next year of 1 gigawatt of systems business. On the Stateline discussion, I'll take that one and I'll let Alex take the question on Moapa. When you get the Q, which will be available tomorrow to see, I think, I'll say effectively 96% or somewhere in the upper-90%s Stateline has been completed through the second quarter. So the vast majority of the revenue that was related to the sale for Southern has now been recognized through Q2. We have about 4% of that left and the project will achieve COD in the third quarter.
Mark R. Widmar: I mean, like clearly it's a trend. PPA prices are coming down; you can see that each and every day when somebody else announces a new PPA price, wherever that may be around the world. PPA prices have become pretty competitive in a number of markets. Some of those – I would argue in some cases, it's questionable whether or not they're going to be viable or able to be achieved, but there's a pretty long runway to delivering against some of those assets that go out into the 2019, 2020 timeframe or potentially even later than that. So clearly PPA prices have come down. I don't know if it's directly related to – I wouldn't sort of position this being directly related to our advantages and our advancements and our roadmap and our form factor and efficiency. The other day we're competing against crystalline silicon, so it's really relative to the alternative technology that's in the marketplace. And so to the extent that we create separation relative to crystalline silicon, that value should accrete back to First Solar. I would also say that there's a very strong bias in the marketplace for more and more customers and developers and partners coming to First Solar first. We've got a number of parties who historically over the years have moved away from First Solar that are coming back to First Solar. And we've also got a number of other partners that are starting to come to discussions with First Solar that we historically have never had conversations with. And I do think that is related to our roadmap and our technology, and understanding where First Solar is going to go long-term with our capabilities, not only on the module side but as we indicated before, with MVDC and the advantages that that creates for the balance of system cost and just general learnings around BOS and optimization and wire management and a lot of things that we're doing to drive down a lot of cost. We're getting more and more interest from other parties to want to do more business with First Solar. So clearly trended a lower PPA, but not to extent that when I look at where the PPA pricing is going that I'm concerned relative to what we can personally do with our overall cost-reduction roadmap. Just as a relevant data point, just on the module alone, year-on-year our reduction on our module cost has been in the mid to upper-teens. So in the last 12 months, we've taken mid to upper-teen type of cost out of our module which is extremely impactful and competitive and it ultimately creates an opportunity to have robust margins against the contracted pipeline that we've created.
Mark R. Widmar: Like I mentioned previously, Phil, our volume right now for Series 5 in 2017 will be about 1 gigawatt. So about a third of our production will be Series 5. So there still will be a meaningful amount of Series 4 product that we obviously will have to sell through into next year. Some of that is already contracted, but there is more volume that we have to make sure that we sell through in that regard. You're right, module pricing has become more competitive. We are still able to command a premium for our technology. That's why we try to focus on markets where we're more significantly advanced. We even referenced in our prepared remarks, Zambia, right? So there was a opportunity in Zambia for over 50 megawatts. It's a hot, humid climate, which is an advantage for our technology. So what we are doing globally is looking at pockets of strength. We're trying to manage with constraining ourself on available capacity, at least at this point in time, especially as it relates to Series 4. We're looking for pockets of strength where we can sell through and capture highest-margin opportunity entitlement that we have relative to what's going on in the marketplace, but we're very well aware of how aggressive some of the pricing has become.
Mark R. Widmar: So, I don't know. We always get that question. What inning are we in? I don't know. I mean look, this industry is so dynamic and can change so quickly, to be able to articulate and have a well-thought out view of what the inning is, is difficult because it can change. The game seems like it can change very quickly and events can happen very quickly that becomes disruptive or undermine or events can happen that become very positive. And clearly there is, on the positive side, there's a clear understanding globally of kind of the demand elasticity around solar and the competitiveness of solar in many different markets. And that's driving a demand profile that obviously is very encouraging. There's also – the offsetting side of that is there's quite a bit of capacity that is being added or planned to be added, maybe is a better way to say that, but that can change very quickly as well. I mean, as people think about the market opportunities and what they're willing to sell through and what ultimately is sustainable, the planned announcements that have been communicated may or may not happen. I mean there's still a lot of uncertainty as to whether or not that production supply comes to market or not. So I don't want to get into an analogy of an inning because I think it's very, very difficult from that standpoint.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah, so, on the 1 gigawatt for 2017, we're 400 megawatts in right now. If you asked me the other 600 megawatts, there's – really high confidence on 300 megawatts of the 600 megawatts. The other 300 megawatts I would say there's still a number of moving pieces. And some of the announcements that have come out here recently and now people are thinking about, especially in the U.S., opportunity to procure in 2017 that gets me more encouraging. As I look at some of these international opportunities and especially the challenge in some cases to some of the PPAs, as I indicated, to get them to be financeable – that sort of sways me the other way. But I would say on balance, we feel that we will get to with – whether it's 850 megawatts or 900 megawatts, it's going to be within a ZIP Code that's going to be close to that 1 gigawatt of volume at least for next year. So, I'd say there's reasonable level of comfort from that standpoint. On the margin guidance, I think the best way to handle, as Alex already said, is that we're not going to get into the specifics of that right now. There're so many moving pieces that we would rather wait until we do our guidance call in December. What I would also continue to point you to is that whatever that view is, and when we communicate that in December, I don't think we should look at this as a discrete data point as indicative of the long-term earnings potential of First Solar. The 2017 margin profile, especially as we indicated with Series 4 still being the predominant product in our platform, it's going to drive a little bit of margin pressure. There's no doubt about that. But that is a temporary issue that corrects itself in the second half of 2017 and then it is completely fixed by the end of 2017, where we got a form factor that's consistent crystalline silicon and driving towards a 390-watt panel with all of the energy advantages that we've talked about around CadTel. So, when we look at it through that horizon, we feel very, very confident about where we're going with our technology and ultimately the competitiveness of our products. Around the component gross margin, there's an element of its spot and it's also the – it's an indication of contracted volume. So it's a combination of the two. As we indicated this quarter, as an example, over half of our bookings that we recorded of our 800 megawatts or so, were not in our late stage development pipeline which means that those were transactions since the last earnings call that we've gone out and we've negotiated around pricing in a very short period of time, and then closed those orders. And a high percentage of that volume will ship this year and those margins that will be realized against those shipments will be in line with what we're currently reflecting in our components segment today. And as I also indicated, if you just look at our module cost delta year-on-year, we've seen high-teen – upper-teen cost reduction on our module just in the last 12 months. And the team continues to make tremendous progress on that side of the house. So we're able to as best we can sort of manage that price/cost battle, but we also do it in a way that we're trying to be selective of where we're selling through and to make sure we're targeting markets that we get the highest value for our products.
Mark R. Widmar: Okay. What we disclosed in that regard is that a little bit more than 80% of the shipments or the revenue I guess is a better way to say it in Q2 was systems and the balance was modules. So I don't know if that gets to your question in that regard. In terms of the 24 gigawatts and the breakout between systems and modules, we don't really provide that level of detail, but I think you clearly can anticipate that that profile and that mix of systems versus module is increasing. So there will be a higher percentage of module sales reflected in that pipeline than would have had historically.
Mark R. Widmar: I think that's our last question. The other thing I'd just like to remind everyone on is, again, apologize for the issues on the webcast. There will be a replay available on the First Solar Investor Relations portion of our website and that should be available later today. We thank everyone for their time.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah. Talking about the projects, so it really relates to our Cal Flats, Moapa, and then our residual interest in the Stateline asset. We'd expect to complete the sale of the Cal Flats asset in either late Q3 or early Q4, and then Moapa in Q4 of this year. We've guided to selling our remaining 34% interest in Stateline this year and that's still in our base case. I'd say along with both Moapa and Cal Flats, there's still significant uncertainty around the structure and the ultimate value of those sales. So in terms of our guidance, we're remaining conservative as we continue to develop those structures. The Stateline sale is really dependent on the other two deals as well as market conditions relating to the yield curve. So we'll make that decision in Q3 or Q4. We do have the flexibility with Stateline to push some of that into 2017 if needed.
Alexander R. Bradley: With relation to Moapa, yes. So it's no longer on the ROFO list for 8point3. That gives us a lot more flexibility in the structuring. I'd say that we're still in early stages, so we're not going to go into the detail of the structure now but we would expect to monetize the entire asset in Q4 of this year.
Alexander R. Bradley: Phil, I'd also say that not every customer does see the value, but there are clearly some that differentiate and some see the value in our balance sheet, our performance. It depends a lot on the buyer. So if you're selling to developers who are looking to flip assets, they may not value the full entitlement of the module, and they may not be the sellers that we choose to sell to. While we are capacity constrained, as Mark said, that allows us to pick and choose those buyers all the more and look for those long-term owners that will fully value the benefits of the module.
Alexander R. Bradley: On the margin piece I'd say 2017 is still pretty uncertain. So we'll have more clarity at the end of the year when we hold the guidance call. What I would say though is that we always knew that 2017 would be a challenging year, especially as we saw margins decline from our more lucrative legacy contracts as they rolled off. The ITC extension in 2016 came too late to influence 2017. That's why we think it's incredibly important that we see both a transition towards higher module business in 2017 but also as a product from Series 4 to Series 5. The other thing I'd refer you back to is the Analyst Day when we talked about what our long-term contracted pipeline looks like. Back then we spoke about having over 2.5 gigawatts of contracted assets after 2017, with north of $1 billion of contracted margin entitlement. I think if you look at that, combine that with – even without capacity expansion another 7 or so gigawatts of modules for sale, I would expect some of that volume to be incremental systems as well as modules. When you combine that with executing on the cost reduction roadmap and our OpEx coming down, I think we look to see beyond 2017 having acceptable and robust margins across the new products. 2017 itself is somewhat opaque today and we'll give better guidance around that towards the end of the year.
