Alexander R. Bradley: Yeah, so Brian, clearly the liquidity position is strong today. And we've made a strategic decision to maintain both an unlevered balance sheet and a net cash position given cyclicality in the solar industry. The business is in a transition period between Series 4 and Series 6, which is capital-intensive, and we intend to grow that Series 6 capacity from a position of strength. So in terms of how we think about capital, we really look to award full of cash needs and opportunities. So firstly, we fund our operations; secondly, we look to invest in manufacturing capacity that's both the current Series 6 announced capacity and then the ability to grow beyond that as the more opportunity presents. We look to fund the development business, and that includes long-term systems opportunities relative – that provides incremental returns relative to the module business and relative to the risk-adjusted cost of capital associated with those projects. After that, we look at M&A, and that's post the sale of existing assets, investments, and also opportunities to invest in other growth opportunities, so we continue to look at synergistic M&A opportunities, both around the technology and around project development. And then finally on top of that, we make sure we have an adequate buffer to provide liquidity through cyclicality in the industry volatility. So once you go through all of those, we look to prioritize our capital and see where we can use it. Assuming at that point, we had excess capital which we didn't leave could be accretively deployed in business then we look to return that capital to shareholders. So that's an ongoing analysis. And we'll obviously continue to monitor the capital and liquidity position as we move through the Series 6 transition and through other events this year, including the sale of 8point3 and the systems business sales. The other thing that we take into account is, geographically, about half of our cash sits offshore and is subsequently invested offshore. Should we have any tax reform or anything else that impacts the ability to use that cash, that would obviously play into the calculation as well.
Alexander R. Bradley: Brian, with regards to Series 6 timing, we're already on a pretty aggressive schedule there, so I don't see that changes. As Mark said, we have flexibility around the Series 4 supply to keep that going longer should we need it.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yes, on the cash side, so we raised on net cash guidance by $100 million, so $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion for the end of this year, and that's including the CapEx we're planning on spending for the year. So $525 million to $625 million, of which we spent a little over $100 million in the first quarter. So we're on track on the CapEx side. The cash balance for the end of the year will go up slightly relative to previous guidance. We haven't guided to be on that, but we will continue to spend CapEx through to 2018. And as we've mentioned before, 2018, when we started with Series 4 product in Q1 and Q2, it's the time that product is going to be most challenged relative to the competition given that we're no longer investing in the development of Series 4 as we focus on Series 6. So we haven't guided out to a number, but we would expect to continue to spend CapEx all the Series 6 transition through 2018, but we're, obviously, going to end the year with a very robust cash balance, and the cash guidance that number we're giving here through the end of the year doesn't include any proceeds from 8point3.
Alexander R. Bradley: Yes. So on the Moapa side, we saw a slight uptick on the value. It's not significant, but you got to remember when we're guiding to relatively low EPS numbers this year relative to the past, even small movements in project value can change the overall outlook pretty significantly. When we think about future systems values and we're currently negotiating with the sale of our switch assets, so we have a good sense how the market looks there, and we have had a lot of unsolicited proposals for other assets in our pipeline from very credible counter parties. I think the dynamic you're seeing here are there are few large-scale quality assets in 2017 and also into 2018, and that's leading to very robust demand and better pricing in the market. So we're seeing that dynamics flow through, and that's giving us confidence in the rest of this year in the system side. As it relates to moving back to more development, we've always maintained that we will continue to develop in the U.S. and in select other markets where that makes sense. On a long-term run-rate basis, we would expect to have potentially a gigawatt of development. In the short-term that maybe significantly higher proportion of that as we get through the existing pipeline that we have in the U.S. and internationally in 2017, 2018 and 2019. As we go beyond that, when we grow the Series 6 volume, I would still expect us to expand into more module-only sales as a percentage of the total manufacturing capacity that we have, but we'll continue to monitor systems business and if it makes sense, as we said on the question around cash usage, we're very happy to invest in development if we believe there's accretive return above and beyond the module business adjusted for the risk profile we are taking.
Alexander R. Bradley: Sure. I'd say we're seeing very strong demand. As I mentioned before a little bit, there seems to be dearth of quality large assets in the U.S. in 2017 and even going into 2018. And despite some of the uncertainty in the market around potential tax reform, there's still is a strong appetite from tax equity capital providers from debt providers and from cash equity owners. We are seeing broader sways of buyers coming into the market. So historically, we saw tax equity and some infrastructure players only, [along the side the strategics, the yield cos came and went, I'd say we're seeing more interest from infrastructure money and long-term pension money. So the market remains very resilient in the U.S. in the short- and medium-term. Internationally, it's very dependent on the regions that we're in. We have a development business in Japan. I would say that that's one of the more liquid markets from a debt perspective for solar business. So we're very happy with the debt capital that we've been raising for our assets there, and we have yet to sell large-scale assets in Japan, but we are very confident based on the discussions we've been having with buyers that there is going to be significant appetite for long-term contracted assets in Japan, and we expect to realize good margins out of those assets. Now the markets in the world, it's very dependent, but I'd say generally, we're seeing pretty strong demand in every market where we're continuing to develop assets, both on the debt equity side where relevant on the debt side and on the cash equity side.
Alexander R. Bradley: No. So if you go back – and you'll have to wait till you see the Q, but what you're going to see with the change in the accounting standards is you're going to see significant fluctuation quarterly, but on a cumulative basis, the impact is very limited. So the 2017 opening with same earnings impact with a total of about $6 million. So the delta that you're seeing on the accounting standard change have no impact to change we're giving on the guidance side at the moment.
Alexander R. Bradley: I'd say we're comparing that to how we saw the market at the time we gave our guidance. So when we came out with our original guidance in November last year and then updated in February, we're seeing a significant change in how we are perceiving the value of our assets since that time based on feedback we've been getting from the market, both from the sale of the switch asset and then also from unsolicited process we've had relative to some other projects that we have. So we're basing it on feedback from the market as opposed to when we originally gave guidance when we had perhaps less clarity specific to those discrete assets.
Mark R. Widmar: All right, Brian, there's a lot there, so I'll try to – hopefully I got most of your questions. First off, as it relates to the Tier 1 case, we're obviously very aware of it. We're looking closely at the filing. Clearly, I think the spirit of the reason for the filing is rooted in the fact that there's clearly an oversupply in this industry, and we believe that really is an issue. And we also believe that there is a need for free and fair trade, and there's also a need for enforcement around that. So all that I think provides a undertone of the merits of what the case relates to. As you also know that thin-film is not included. It's not included in the criteria of the basis of what the case is currently structured for, which would exclude not only our production here, obviously, in the U.S., but, obviously, our production outside of the U.S., currently in Malaysia and then ultimately, into Vietnam. As it relates to our strategy, we're going to continue to move forward, we're going to continue to address the market, we're going to continue to provide high value to our customers in the best possible product in the marketplace, whether it's Series 4 or whether it's Series 6. We'll enter into our contracts, a lot of the obligations that are in those contracts, we are not structuring contracts for the most part that would enable some form of a repricing. But if the case were to creates some merit, and if we now have, again, a different view of where the market (30:40) price is for crystalline silicon, that could inform our views a little bit around how we think about our pricing strategy for both Series 4 and Series 6, but that's clearly off into the future. As it relates to our view around manufacturing capacity and where we think about Series 6, our commitments still is the priorities that we talked about before for Perrysburg, then Malaysia and then Vietnam. We've also highlighted though that we have flexibility in the toolset that we're currently installing in Ohio, that could allow us some optionality of increasing capacity of Series 6 in Perrysburg, and we'd look to this maybe as one factor that would inform our decision around that. The other would be, I'd argue that corporate tax rate would be another one that would inform our – U.S. corporate tax rate would inform our view around adding incremental capacity into our facility in Ohio. So there's a lot of moving pieces we're going to continue to assess and evaluate. And again, I think the whole fundamental issue though that we shall be focused on is, we're very happy with where we are with our launch of Series 6, that's in great position. This trade case or other issues that may arise from it may also inform our view of little bit around how long we continue to produce in Perrysburg. We've highlighted that our current view is we've optionality of maybe pulling a couple of hundred megawatts out, which really is there to facilitate the transition into Series 6 to the extent there is some traction around this case, we may continue to produce that 200 megawatt, maybe not only through 2018, but beyond 2018, if need may be.
Mark R. Widmar: Phil, I think I sort of alluded to a little bit in my comments to Brian's question, but it really did – other than the timing of when we would actually wind down our production of Series 4 in Perrysburg, it really doesn't inform our views beyond that in 2018. Now if the trade case were to get some traction, could we look to continue producing some Series 4 in Perrysburg as an example, potentially? Again, the other thing, but again, it's a longer date of horizon depending on what happens with this case. We have the optionality of adding incremental capacity in Perrysburg if need be. Again, the toolset accommodates production volume that is closer to 1.1 gigawatts versus the currently planned 550 megawatts, so a lot there to be evaluated. But I think we're very early. I mean, obviously, as you know the trade case was just filed here recently. A lot will happen and evolve over the next months and quarters, and as we get a clear picture of what direction it's going, we have options and decisions that will make at that point in time.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah. I was wondering (40:09) to get that question and hopefully, we can try to make ourselves clear, but sometimes it keeps coming back to that same view. We've never said that we will not continue to do development. We've always said that we're going to continue to do development. We'll do development in the markets which we believe that we can capture inherent value and that we have core competency and differentiation potentially or capabilities that enables us to get appropriate return on capital and U.S. clearly being one of them. So development is a core part of our strategy. It would be part of the value chain in which we look to participate not only here in the U.S., but in Asia, India, APAC, Japan, those markets will clearly be regions, which we'll continue to focus on. The other thing I want to make sure is also understood is the – part of the reason here is particularly in the U.S. is we are starting to see more of a market opportunity for utility owned generation. And I still do believe that in the U.S., the ultimate owner of these assets will potentially evolve to be the utilities. And having that capability of providing turnkey solutions and doing development is going to be putting us in a best position to serve our customers' need. And I think it continues to highlight the unique value composition to utility of the First Solar versus alternatives that they may have. So don't think of us looking to exit development. We'll continue the development. We will look to invest where it's appropriate. And I do think it will best position us long-term to be successful in the U.S. market, in particular.
Mark R. Widmar: Why don't we – Alex, why don't you take the market assets with the U.S. international? I'll try to do the demand and the cost discussion.
Mark R. Widmar: I think on the demand question around, I think it was specific to more U.S. utilities, if I look at U.S. utilities and again, what's really happening is solar, in particular, is kind of the demand associated with it is essentially solely on the merits of the economics. I mean, demand is – the of cost of solar has come down so much, and it's competitive and everyone is looking at long-term integrated resource plans and have a movement more towards integration of solar, and a lot of utilities, there's someone at the forefront of their journey around that. I will say though that I did make my comment about utilities trying to rate base, I do think there is an undertone. A lot of utilities are trying to find a profile and an opportunity to rate base the solar assets, and I think that's really – ultimately, would prefer to do. But I'm not seeing other than utilities in California they're dealing with a number of issues, whether it's the emergence of community choice aggregators and load being pulled away from them or whether it's with the distributed resources such as residential rooftop. They're clearly in a different mindset on how they're thinking about a procurement note, but the vast majority of the other utilities that we're engaging with, I would say, demand is very robust at this point in time. On the cost of Series 6, the one thing I'll reemphasize, I think I said this on the guidance call way back in November is that the towering strength of this company is its people. And we have tremendously talented people, creative, knowledgeable, innovative, and they continue to amaze me and surprise me with their capabilities and where we ultimately can go with this technology. We're very happy with where we are in the timeline and the progression of getting this product commercialized into the market. The reality though is we're not going to stop. When we get the product initially into the market, we're going to continue to drive the efficiency up, the road map is not done. There's still room to grow, and there's still room to drive cost down. And we know that at the end of the day, the technology that will win this marketplace is the highest performing lowest-cost. And we believe we have a platform that can enable that. It creates differentiation and separation relative to our competitors and the journey of where we are at this point in time; I would say we're in a very good position, long ways to go. But I'm not going to commit specifically to the cost profile and the view of where we thought we were going to be. I would just say that I'm very encouraged with the work the team has done and the opportunities that is in front of us.
Mark R. Widmar: Yeah, so don't think about this as somehow there's a shift from the result of the adoption, the accounting standard had an adverse impact on Q4 and then somehow benefited 2017. That's not the effect. The point that Alex mentioned, the retained earnings impact was small and that was a cumulative impact. We had to go back a number of years to effectively restate under the new accounting standard what the implications would have been, and that was a nominal impact to retained earnings. What's flowing through in the guidance for 2017 is we've indicated is just operational results, better cost per watt and better visibility around valuation for project sales.
Mark R. Widmar: So the transition – in the last earnings call, and unfortunately, I don't have the slide, so when we talked about there, we had a timeline that actually showed the major milestones in the progression of where we are. What I would say right now is that we now have approval and actually we are in the process now of, again – Perrysburg has been completely tore down, we're starting to receive some of the tools. The two plants in Malaysia have actually been – equipment's been removed now in the process of getting ready to receive tools. And then we've actually started momentum now moving into Vietnam. And so we refer to as the first phase is Terra 0 and then Terra 1 (50:38), which is the Plant 5 and 6 in Malaysia and then Terra 2 (50:43) being in Vietnam. And all of that's in progress right now, so we've got three different work streams of activities that were ongoing, which when you aggregate up that capacity across those three that will get us to about 3 gigawatts of production. And then the next phase will be referred to as Terra 3 (51:04), which will give us another 1.1 gigawatts or so of production, and that's really should be largely running up at least on a run-rate basis as we get through the end of 2018, beginning of 2019, we'll be on that kind of run rate across that platform of those two – of those Terra 0, 1, 2 and ultimately Terra 3 (51:20). So we feel good about it. And there's a timeline we had in the last earnings call, maybe to give you a little bit more color from the standpoint. The international markets continue to be very robust and there's continuing engagement with us. The one thing I will say though is that we are capacity constrained right now around Series 4 and as it relates to some of that demand profile that we're seeing in the international markets, they're looking for module shipments that would happen later this year into the first half of 2018. And so as it relates to having limited module supply, that constraints a little bit to engage in some of those discussions. And then the first half of the – the second half of 2018, the production that will produce Series 6 largely is going to be allocated to our own development assets. So we're really looking at a timeline of getting out into 2019 before we really have a lot of supply that we can engage the market with, and then particularly address some of the international market opportunities. But what I'll say is that we are almost always kind of a supplier of choice and when there's an opportunity where ever it is, whether it's domestic or international, we're generally giving an opportunity to address those market potentials, especially in markets where we have a good – an advantage or a temperature co efficiency, factor respond, hot humid climates, particular. There's clearly a poll for our technology.
