Rick Smith: Thank you. And thanks everybody for joining us this morning. As is the norm, I will turn over to our CFO Dan Behrendt to first read the Safe Harbor statement, and then we’ll get started.
Rick Smith: We’re seeing both. And we’re focused on from a pipeline perspective making sure that we’ve got a suite of product with compelling in terms of upgrades. Obviously we’d like to bring our customers up to greater capabilities rather than simply replacing what they’ve (inaudible) wears out, and just get them to useful lines [ph] with the same platforms. But we’re seeing interest in both spaces.Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co: Okay, and then lastly looking at the international markets, not looking for comments on specific countries or agencies, but maybe give a sense of where you are now versus maybe a year ago in terms of various trails going on with some of these countries that maybe close to a decision. What is the outlook look now versus maybe how closer lot of these places.
Rick Smith: I would say as well we made some investments over the past few years in putting some sales offices abroad. We have been experimenting with trying different types of approaches in different countries. One example was actually putting a full time trainer into a country in order to help bolster the success rate of their deployment of product and the end-user experience. We’ve put more of a sales oriented employee into another market. We’ve used consultants in various markets in contrast to the typical rule of giving exclusive distributors to being more sort of governmentally aid on [ph] type resources as opposed to sort of product resellers. And I think part of reason we’re seeing a more robust pipeline. We do tend to see the international markets have a multiyear development cycle. So from the time you make those investments, until you start to see the return is we would just say they are probably 24 months or so and.
Rick Smith: Okay. All right, well again we’d like to thank everybody for spending your time with us this morning. Have a fantastic day. We’ll be back to talk to you in, I believe April, and hear us to a fantastic 2011. So thank you very much and have a great day.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth; estimations regarding the size of our target markets; successful penetration of law enforcement market; expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets; growth expectations for new and existing accounts; expansions of production capabilities; new product introductions; product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products; establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels; attracting and retaining the endorsements of key opinion leaders in law enforcement community; the level of product technology and price competition for our products; the degree and rate of growth of our markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products; potential delays international and domestic orders; implementation risks of manufacturing automation; risks associated with rapid technological change; execution and implementation risks of new technology; new product introduction risks; ramping manufacturing production to meet demand; litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths; media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injure and deaths; and the negative impact this could have on sales; product quality risks; potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results; competition; negative reports concerning TASER device uses; financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers; dependent on sole and limited source of suppliers; fluctuations in component pricing; risk of government investigation regulations; TASER product tests and reports; dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Dan Behrendt: Yes. Eric, this is Dan Behrendt. That’s a good question, I think what we saw in 2010 is that we did have to give in some cases some small trade-in credits, I think it’s probably more of an emotional issue to give the customers some value for a product that its fielded. And would that that significant I think it just helped us sort of drive things forward. I think we’re seeing more and more customers just acknowledge the fact that these products are at the end of their useful lives. And I think the fact that we’ve got a product that’s got such a high ROI for our customers I think helps, because in cases like in Houston, where the chief went to city council, they used the fact that this is a product that had a higher ROI as a part of the justification to start upgrading their products over the next couple of years. So I think, we feel very good about that process as we go forward and the potential in that affords the business.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan Behrendt. I think the really the focus has been really in making sure that pipelines is robust as possible. So we’re – a year ago we were talking internal, externally about maybe just a few opportunities, I think that number has certainly increased over the year, and really focusing on leveraging our distribution network and making sure that we’ve got a lot more things in the pipeline at any given time. And I do feel that from a pipeline perspective the pipeline is certainly both the number of opportunities and the relative size is certainly better versus the prior year.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I think probably the bulk of the difference Eric, is going to be driven by like extended warranties, training, things like that. That’s actually got informal the fairly material part of the business. So there is in any given quarter there is $1.5 million to $2 million worth of warranty in training, and out of warranty replacement sales in any given quarter.Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Dan Behrendt: Sure. So good question, this is Dan Behrendt. So on the R&D side, the probably the biggest difference from Q3 to Q4 is we had more of the software kind of rework type expenses get re-classed to up in to cost of sales and Q3 versus Q4 majority of our software development efforts were really sort of new features in traditional development. So that amount of the re-class of the cost of goods sold was significantly lower. On a total spend base, it’s just really kind of pocket shift between R&D and gross margin. The expenses that we saw for Q4 – that’s it’s going to be around that range as we go into 2011 probably certainly actually little bit higher but on a run rate basis, it’s not going to be dramatically different than that. As far as SG&A, it’s kind of same thing obviously there is fluctuations in SG&A quarter-to-quarter depending on activities, trade shows. Second quarter we all did see higher SG&A because the cost related to training a (inaudible) and doing a shareholders meeting and stuff. But overall, we’re really focused on keeping the cost down in 2011 to make sure we’re getting leverage back to the model. On the gross margin side, I think leverage – we’re going to continue to work to get more efficient on the operation side of business. We’ve done a lot of quality training and greenbelt trainings. We’ve got a number of those projects we think will bear fruits in 2011. But there is still – especially with the automation equipments some of the other investments, there is fair amount of fixed costs. So really the leverage is going to be a big driver to the reference margins as well as we go into the current year. So we do feel that we’re really well positioned, I think that if we get start getting some traction and start seeing some sales increases, I think we’re well positioned for profitable growth there.Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Thank you.
