Luke Larson: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Arvind Bobra, our Director of Finance to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Luke Larson: Yes. Just to add a little more color there, specifically I think it’s important to add a little context around the fourth quarter. A majority of the increases relate to our cost structure to support the accelerated growth. So in Q1, we expect a 4% to 6% sequential increase in operating expenses. We’re not providing guidance past Q1. And I would just want to reiterate the largest drivers of these cost are going to be towards quota carrying sales rep as well as engineers developing net new revenue streams for our business.
Luke Larson: Mark, that’s a great question. And I think coming out of Q4, there is a lot of questions around pricing pressure in regards to the NYPD deal. And we really pointed analysts to the Seattle deal as a good proxy. I would say, the other large deals that we announced on the call today would be kind of in that similar vein as Seattle. And we still feel really confident in the price structure that we have.
Luke Larson: Yes. I would say - I would just talk to two items there. Approximately 20% of the Q4 deals came in from TASER 60 program. And then, we also had a strong international quarter, which is going to have a slightly different ASP than the domestic deal.
Luke Larson: That’s correct except for the warranty. So we recognize the TASER handle and the cartridges that are delivered, and then we spread the warranty at over time. But the cash flows do come in like you said.
Luke Larson: That’s a great question, Steve. I don’t know that I have the number off the top my head. I would say, the biggest two reasons were kind of deal mix in combination with some inventory write-offs for Flex 1 as well as end of year inventory adjustments. We do feel pretty confident that we are going to see margin expansion there especially the original cameras that are sold in are often discounted. And the next cameras that comes through will see a higher ASP, so we think that’s going to drive up the margin.
Luke Larson: It’s still not a big enough sample size, but we are going to give the exact data on it. But that’s a great question, Steve, and I would say we feel really, really confident with having a very low churn rate. And actually, we are seeing just a lot of moment in these kinds of bundled deals with things like OSP and tightening the integration with our TASER line of products with offerings like Signal. And so, we feel really confident in a low churn rate.
Luke Larson: Yeah, we are not really going to provide annual guidance at this point. As Rick said, we are still putting together the plan to monetize these acquisitions. And so, I think as more information comes to light, we’ll communicate that at our user conference in June, and have more information at our investor events that we are going to hold once the CFO joins.
Luke Larson: Yes. So we see international as a really big opportunity. And what we really see opportunity is to have markets where we can sell our full product suite with both TASER, Axon and the service. Today, we see really, really big opportunities in the UK, Canada and Australia, where I would say we become kind of the market leader in terms of capturing significant footholds, and we’ll continue to drive out full deployments in our offerings there. And then our next big focus is on Continental Europe. And we’re in key discussions. Rick has actually spent a lot of time in Europe and might be able to add a little more color on that.
Luke Larson: Yes, Jeremy, that’s a good question. I would say attributable to the three things. You’ve got our service plans that include TASER 60 and the Officer Safety program, overall the strength in the business has reselling more TASER’s going to be selling more cartridges. And then we’ve actually introduced an unlimited cartridge plan as well, where officers can sign up to pay for their cartridges with the predictable line item. And so those kind of three key drivers are where we’re seeing the strength.
Luke Larson: Yes. So as we mentioned Glenn, good to talk to you. There is a backlog of 9,000 seat today due to at just launching Flex 2, making sure we have good quality. In Q1, we expect to clear some of that, but the bulk of it is going to be cleared in Q2.
Luke Larson: Yes. So seasonality in our business Q4 is always very, very strong quarter with it. So we believe year-over-year Q1 is going to be up from the previous Q1, but not sequentially the Q4 and that’s just normal business conditions for our market.
Luke Larson: Yes, Glenn. International in Q4 was a record for us. And so that’s also going to drive some of our thinking around what we’re communicating for Q1.
Luke Larson: Yes. So on the accounting, it’s going to be very similar to the body cameras, upfront hardware and service towards license. And then any kind of warranty will spread out over the deal.
Luke Larson: No, I think it’s going to be similar to the body cameras where you’ll have an agency and they might buy just for example several hundred, but they might rollout that over a couple of quarters.
Luke Larson: Yes. I think domestically, we’ve really built out a strong sales channel, where we got great coverage in all segments to the market. So their sales channel is going to be relatively flat, where we may continue to add additional SG&A cost, should be on kind of post-sales support and implementation, specifically around products like Fleet and RMS. But in terms of our domestic sales force, we feel like we felt just a really strong channel there today and that’s just remained relatively flat.
Luke Larson: It’s tough to tell. But it generally should be relatively flat. Going into 2017, we have two kind of offsetting factors that we hadn’t had historically. We primarily had the prepayments for the hardware upgrades being a source of cash. But we have that little bit offset by the TASER 60 payment plan. So it really depends on the level of TASER 60 uptake in 2017 that really drive how much working capital we generated, cash in working capital.
Rick Smith: Yes, and I would just add in general, we believe bookings can continue to outpace or at least match the spend rate. Now, again, maybe bounce around little bit quarter to quarter, but we’re really keeping a close eye on how we’re spending, how we’re investing, so we’re building something that’s long-term will be very profitable and defensible.
Rick Smith: Yeah, I would add on that as well. Last year we provided some expense guidance, but then the business frankly grew significantly faster every quarter. The bookings numbers in particular were well above what we were expecting. And we were calibrating every quarter to the bookings, opportunities in front of us. So we ended up making so many adjustments to the annual number, that I think at this point we felt the most productive approach was to give you some guidance on Q1; and just let you guys know that if we see the opportunity to keep growing the business, we are going to keep making those investments. But we tend to give little more color I think quarter-to-quarter based on how we are seeing the business continue to grow. How Fleet gets accepted is going to be really a significant opportunity for us. And that’s where some of the investment in the fourth quarter came in, adding the right roles and people to be able to support the whole new implementation of rolling out in-car video and then the international space. So we’ll continue to calibrate relative to the bookings level.
Rick Smith: Yeah. I’ll take that one. We’ve really been in - at this point, we think it’s most important that we are able to satisfy orders quickly as the bookings have continued to grow. And frankly, earlier in the year we had some times where we felt we were not providing right customer experience. And so, we strategically made the decision that it made sense for us to ramp up some of our finished goods inventory to make sure that we are able to fulfill demand in a really timely fashion.
Rick Smith: Yes. So, again, I think we now got to the point where we’ve got really good momentum in our Tier 1 countries. So some of that required investing ahead, acquiring our formal distributor in the UK. And some of these beachhead accounts, we found sometimes getting into a market that we got to be more aggressive on pricing to get a foothold. And then we tend to see pricing return to more normal levels as we start to scale up in each market. So really at this point, what we need to do is just continue to execute really well. We feel great about the team we got on the field. We spent the last two years, really revamping our whole structure going much more with the direct sales force internationally. Now long-term, that’s going to lead better margins and a more reliable customer relationship. The downside of what we’ve seen over the past couple years is that you’ve got to invest in teams of people probably two years ahead of when you start to see meaningful revenue. But we should start to see some - we think that the tier 1 market will become more significant this year that the bookings are going to really start to become material. And then we should start to see some of what we considered in Tier 2 markets, start to place some initial orders and start to get some footholds.
Rick Smith: Yes. I would say the main thing we’ve learned globally is we got to help our customers get to field trials, so that they are actually deploying the products in the field. That is where the game change is. When you’re buying it off of some arcane bureaucratic purchasing process that’s where you get things - like late last year, we had a large U.S. order that didn’t go our way and there was no field trial. So we’re really trying to be frankly aggressive in educating our customers. You can’t buy sophisticated technology with procurement processes that were built 20, 30 years ago for buying belts and holsters and that sort of stuff. So we’re really working proactively with our customers to enable field trials both in the U.S. and internationally. I think that’s our most powerful weapon. As our head of sales like to say, our best advocate is a well-educated customer. And we’re starting to see some real momentum around that where we’re starting to see a shift in perspective where agencies are starting to do some more field trials.
Rick Smith: We are still expecting growth. 2016 was really a banner year. I think we’re still prognosticating double-digit growth. We do see some opportunities where we could see some upside to that. But I would model it or plan on sort of double-digit - low double-digit growth - it’s not clear that we would be able to replicate the same level of growth we had this year.
Rick Smith: This is Rick, I’ll take that one. I’d say generally international is somewhat favorable to the U.S. in general.
Rick Smith: Hey, not for the whole year. In the first quarter, I think we are projecting 25% revenue growth for Q1.
Rick Smith: Yes. At this point, I’d say strategically we haven’t announced anything and probably we don’t want to give too much color, operating in some pretty competitive spaces already with cameras, and so the RMS were new entrant. So we are certainly looking - one of these that, I think if you look at all the new products and services we’re talking about they share two characteristics. One, they increase the value of the ecosystem. They’re more valuable as a part of ecosystem, we’ve already built and make the ecosystem what we have more valuable by adding the new service. And each of them are new profitable, highly profitable product opportunity. So none of these things are big loss leaders, each of them will be able to stand on their own more profitability perspective. And then in terms of how we end up selling RMS in terms of bundling and what we do with fleets in the body camera programs. We tend to be very customer driven looking at what are the hot buttons frankly that matter to our customers, they did make the offers most compelling to them. One of the examples if I just sort of look back to history with body cameras, what we found in lot of cases is that customers really appreciate discounts on the hardware upfront. And we’ve been very successful gaining market share, and I think we’re now going to see the benefits of that is we start to get in to, I think in 2018 - 2017, we’ll start to see the kick-in where customers have gone on these replacement plan. And you’re going to see those second and third cameras, as the hardware goes in it’s going to be much more profitable on the back end, because the way we structured our programs is really catered to the way our customers what they were focused on. So I guess it’s a longwinded way of say, we’re not going to give any more color on it right now, then I could tell you we will apply a lot of creativity based on where our customers see values in bundling them together.
Rick Smith: Yes, let me take that one. I would say, a few years ago I was under the impression that body cameras would obsolete the need for in-car cameras. And it turns out we’re dead wrong. Particularly for the state patrols, we had zero uptake in the state patrols until this last quarter. And now we won three of them and we got a bunch more that are going into testing. And the rationale was really the state patrols felt that they really needed the in-car camera. Frankly, I think it’s just become so much a part of their operating use case. So this is a qualitative statement. But I would say, in general, what we’re finding is not just the state patrols. That once agencies have gotten used to dash cams, I would say the vast majority of them want to maintain dash cams even if they add body cameras. And they typically already have preexisting budgets where they’ve just built it into. When they buy a patrol car, they’ve got budget money there to onset the car with an in-car camera and to allocate money towards the backend. And so we - I mean, we certainly aren’t having to educate them on the need for both. I would actually say, our customers educated us more on their need for both, namely if they’ve already had in-car.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, thanks, everybody. I know it’s been a little bit of a long call. We had a lot to talk about. And, man, what an exciting year it was in 2016. As we’ve told you, we’ve been very focused on consolidating the market. We made a ton of progress there. And we’re really excited to continue that momentum this year and with some of the new service offerings we’re bringing out to start to launch some additional revenue streams. So it’s really exciting time to be at TASER. We are delighted to have you shareholders. And we look forward to seeing you all at our shareholder meeting coming up in May. And with that, I wish, everyone a good day and we’ll see you all soon.
