Rick Smith: Thank you very much. Welcome everybody. Before we get started here, I’ll have Dan read our Safe Harbor statement. We’ll get started.
Rick Smith: Great. Thanks, Dan. Now going for the rest of 2011 there are five key areas where you’ll see the company is focused. Number one is upgrading our installed base of customers to our latest technology and we believe the X2 is the central thrust of that beam, as I mentioned we believe it provides a compelling feature set to drive an upgrade cycle. Second area is to continue to drive adoption of AXON and EVIDENCE.COM. We made significant investments in this space. We get excellent feedback on the overall capability. The folks who are deploying it are reporting significant drops in complaints against officers, significant improvements in the efficiency of their investigations. We’ve been told criminals entering guilty pleas as soon as they realize the incident were caught on video, things that otherwise would have spent valuable time and resources for the agency and the prosecutor’s office to have to take through trials. Just can’t tell you, it feels like the early days of TASER back in the late ‘90’s in early 2000, I think we’re on to something significant there. Third area is growing our penetration in the international markets. We continue to believe that TASER devices will make such a big impact in North America. It can do so internationally and they have been. We continue to see new countries coming on board with TASER devices and our penetration in the international markets is much, much lower than it is here in the U.S. It’s certainly down in the single digits, so lots of room for growth internationally. The fourth area is continuing to improve our efficiency and profitability. I got to tell you it feels good to see some black ink at the bottom of the income statement for last quarter. We’re very much focused on continuing to improve profitability. We’re coming out of a heavy investment cycle. I believe we’re still making the right investments in innovation. We are doing it better, we are doing it more efficiently and we think we’re starting to do it profitably. And the fifth is continuing our progress towards a world-class human capital system. Over the past year or so, we put a lot of focus on our recruiting, interviewing and selection processes on on-boarding, on leadership training, on making sure that we retain the best folks in the world and develop them within TASER. We believe that that’s the key for long-term success is having the best in those motivated people in the world and we believe we’ve got that and our systems are getting better each quarter. And finally, I’ll talk a bit about if you haven’t yet received your annual report, when you do, if you look inside the last, the back cover, you’ll see a new intellectual device for us called TASER’s Mission Pyramid or you can go to our website at taser.com and click the About Taser in the upper right hand corner and there you can see our Mission Pyramid. And basically what we’ve done is over the past six months or so, we’ve let a number of exercises within the company, one of them based around Jim Collins’ good-to-great principles, another around Jerome quality tones [ph] and we’re continuing that through this year with the concept of driving towards a simple set of values, our mission, our core values and the key success factors that can be used day-to-day by our individual employees to drive decisions and speed execution throughout the organization. So hiring the best people and giving them a clear mission and then giving them the freedom to execute and the principles again which to measure success we believe are the keys for this company to continue in its mission to transform the world which we’ve done it once at least in North America with TASER, we’ve had impacts in Europe and other places, lots of room for us to continue to change the world in our mission and now with AXON and EVIDENCE.COM to expand it not just from the incidents when police are actually on the street dealing with the bad guys, but all of the things that proceed and come after those effect that we believe we can have a major impact – we believe we can have a major impact on improving public safety, officer safety, reducing injuries, saving lives and at the end of the day improving the relationship between law enforcement and the communities. They work in through greater transparency and protecting the truth what happened in these incidents through world class on officer video and Evidence Management Systems for really optimize sharing, storage and retrieval of that digital evidence. So with that, we’ll wrap up the call and we’ll take a few questions.
Rick Smith: That’s probably more of the next year budget for that but I guess my first point was that a lot of the dollars they go to buying TASER are always budgeted. There are some of those assets for put your money and other things you point out as well. And I think that’s going be just – that doesn’t really change. I think better budget climate probably where (inaudible) is that just that money doesn’t get swapped up other places that stays in the place maybe they use it for equipment at that point.Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Similar on a percentage basis, obviously with a higher price points the dollar margins per unit or less would be a little better for us.
Rick Smith: That’s a great question. There are factors on both sides of that. We did see the X26 flip in its first full quarter of production, it was outselling selling the N26. Of course, at that point of time, we’re in a real stronger economic environment and they both use the same cartridges. So people have had a stock at cartridges good, easily deploy some of the new devices as the GPX coincides with N26. The X2, we believe, provides an even more compelling upgrade in terms of its capabilities and the fact that we were able to engineer into something that’s fundamentally with an ounce or two of the X26 that probably officers perspective, it’s a very good compelling upgrade. It is then probably the strongest positive reaction we’ve had to products and focus groups and market testing, certainly extends the X26 in production. So on the plus side, lot of (inaudible) need to do master these for life, customers are looking for compelling reason to upgrade that’s in our favorite. One thing it slowed down is just it does require a transition of other inventory of expendables as well. We are putting programs here is not announced them yet that will create and it’s a compelling trade-in value, with a full conversion programs be able to take their inventory of cartridges and in just in front of that as well as they roll out the X2. So it’s a – and at this point, we really just started to show to customers on a private basis in the last few weeks, we just announced yesterday so it’s a little early to say other than qualitative where we’re getting very positive feedback. So I think we’ll – unfortunately we’re not going to analyze the future holds until it gets here in terms of the actual conversion rate but I’m pretty optimistic.
Rick Smith: No, we’ll absolutely keep the X3 around. It is our top of the line product particularly for SWAT operators with the Arizona (inaudible) because their guys tend to operate out in remote areas in the state by themselves and having not just one backup but two backup shots. It’s particularly important when your next officer might be half an hour away. We also going to just show a purely up from a marketing perspective that having a pre-product lineup, tends to help people with their decision-making. We got three private people kind of take the one in the middle and now with a higher-priced whole-featured product like the X3 from the top end and the relative price scale between X26, the X2 and X3 but that’s really helps position the X2 as a – for most people, it’s going to be the answer we believe, the right combination of size price and features. And we believe that actually keeping X3 even though it’s probably going to sell in smaller unit volumes and to a more specialized unit that the net effect we should up drive overall sales redemption of the X2.
Rick Smith: In the XREP, we are seeing decent interest internationally. The overall impact ammunition space is considerably smaller than the handheld ECDs. I mean, there are number of occasions where at least we’ll roll up and use a shotgun launch, extended range projectile is really pretty small compared to the average patrol use. So one thing that we are doing within the business is trying to focus our resources on doing fewer projects. So you’ll probably see what you will treat the feature of less of these specialized applications of our technology and we’re more focused on projects that have a higher utility across the broadest base of law enforcement. So worth more PC XREP around in our product line up. We’re not investing overly heavily in it or into, for example, a next generation of the XREP in it. We think our resources are better focused. The two big things that can move us from a product perspective of our compelling upgrade cycle that is compelling for the mass patrol officers. And we think we’ve got that right with X2. And then the on-officer video and digital evidence management and so we’re – it’s been mixed impairment I talked about in our annual report, was going through the exercise of sort of acting, okay, what can we be best in the world at, what are the few things that this company should focus on in just doing it in a world class way, it let’s to – I think the right business decisions about focusing on doing fewer things and doing it better.
Rick Smith: Well, I think some of the controversies going down a bit, to be honest, Amnesty International is not as vigorous as they were a few years ago and there is all the controversy in the U.S. and there is a lot of controversy in Canada. I think that is the negatively sort of 1x force to some degree where even the people are really critical in 2005, announced all these devices have replaced modern police (inaudible) and the studies are just beyond compelling about the reduction potential. It’s been a little frustrating that we haven’t seen countries take that next step to go for full deployment on older officers. We’re continuing to have increased competitions on those levels. We’re continuing to have more countries come on and we just had a significant international role in the last couple of weeks here. Over the long haul, we think we are in even better position in this. The international customer base seems to be a bit more risk averse. Anytime you are dealing with national level politics, all that cases, one thing that you really for a bit frankly in the U.K. last year, there was a lot of controversy over the use of the XREP projectile in an unauthorized use in (inaudible). And that lets you a lot of consternation in the media and we actually saw that, I believe that kind of disrupted the normal sales process. I think we’ve kind of passed that now. We’ve gotten things, going to sort it back down into a steady place. So I think we’re actually in a better position than we were several years ago just because time has passed, the days continuing to really surpass – the days continuing to really support technology. In the X2, we’ve even built in some pretty compelling safety features that further reduce the already remote risks of adverse events and we think that can be compelling as well. So I wish I can give you a more direct answer and say we’ve got a couple of countries lined up to find for every officer, but until we get the orders that – we’ve got countries talking about it for years and I share your frustration with (inaudible) situation, we’re quite able to get that ball pass the goal line, but we are – we believe we will in the next 12, 18 months see some significant, very significant international orders on the (inaudible).
Rick Smith: I think I have still pretty talked about these models. I think it is just kind of range you’re going to see for the least of rest of this year. There is still some valid engineering to do on some of the new products. We still have our investments in EVIDENCE.COM and our apps, the video products that we are making. So I think this is just kind of reasonable level for at least for the rest of 2011.
Rick Smith: All right. Thanks, Steve. Okay. Well, we run almost an hour here. I’d like to thank everybody for your time. I still got a large list that stayed throughout the Q&A to an extending time for us. We’ll look forward to our next call in July. We will be able to talk about on the initial adoption of the X2, you’ll know the answers to some of the questions that were asked today about the future. It’s an exciting year ahead. So thanks for your support, the shareholders. We appreciate the opportunity you have given us to work with some of the finest customers in the world and we’d encourage all of you to come up for our shareholder meeting here in May 26. Come, see the building, see some of the automation equipment. We’ve got some of the new stuff already in production, it’s really world class. And we look forward to meeting every one of our shareholders. So thank you all and have a great day.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. Thank you. Certain statements contained in this presentation maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration in the law enforcement market, expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing profit accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting or retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risks of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology, new product introduction risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and a negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in the quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risk of government, governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn back over to Rick Smith.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. I think that the heavy left on the cost savings is really behind us. We did make some really pretty significant structural changes last year to head count. Certainly, we’re going to look for stability to be sufficient effective and we’re not – we haven’t stopped those efforts. But I think the big dramatic improvement is behind us. I think at this point, I’d like to look at SG&A sort of another leveragable line of the P&L that as we – if we’re effective in growing the business that we’ll see that SG&A as a percentage of sales come down and hit the operating income as a percentage of sales go up.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. That’s a good question. I think we’re going kind of see it stay at that range for the rest of this year. I think certainly even with the launch of the products, you continue to do value engineering on the products you’ve launched. There is still a fair amount of investment still happening on the video side of the business and also in EVIDENCE.COM, the software piece of business that you’ve sort of that part never sleeps, even though that we’ve launched the product or we continue to work on new features and capabilities in excess model. So I think that again that’s – that’ll probably say relative at these levels for the rest of this year but again it’s something that is I expect it to leverage. So R&D as a percentage of sales if we’re successful in growing the top line, I do expect to come down on a percentage basis.
