Luke Larson: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Before we get started I'm going to turn it over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Luke Larson: This is Luke. I think our solution is very sticky. We've focused on the work flow from capture to court room. So, all along are kind of value proposition that customers are using our system to add metadata, share cases; we just released, a really, really exciting announcement with our Prosecutor Platform [5.25] [ph] that allows them to securely share digital evidence along out to their prosecutors as well with adjacent agencies. So, we feel really confident in our customers seeing the value in the usage that we're seeing today.
Luke Larson: Yes, I think the key announcement that we made at this year’s IACP with Axon Fleet and our Microsoft partnership really positioned us as an innovator and the market leader. With our customer relationships, this is really a customer intimacy story, and when we’re in deals our customers really value the TASER brand, the professional sales force that we have both with kind of the consultation on what’s the ROI the agency is going to see with our solution to eliminate [indiscernible] disks, as well as the post sales service support we offer. And then really the point that Rick mentioned on, we create a great user experience. We’ve got a very, very long reach into our customer base that we pull back into our product development and so we feel confidently if we get –in a face off with a competitor the majority of the time, a high, high percentage of the time we’re going to win those deals based on those factors.
Luke Larson: Thank you everyone for the time. I’d like reiterate that we are committed to providing a long term shareholder value. We strongly believe in our Axon platform strategy and we look forward to continuing to update you on our incredible progress in this story. Thank you.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements information is based on current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press releases we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. With that, I will turn it back over to Luke Larson, President.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, George, that's a good question. It's really more of a reflection of the adjustments that we make each quarter. Basically the ARPU calculation, we've been taking just the total revenue for service and sales in the last month of the quarter divided by the number of paid seats. So there's little bit of noise on that number[at the end of] [ph] each month of the quarter, and in the second quarter, there's little bit more of that some of that noise which alter that number a little bit more in the Q2 versus Q3. I think we're confident that the ARPU is going to continue to go up over time and especially with the new seats signed in Q3, most of those -- about 70% are higher priced tiers that are above that 27.59 rate. So, we do expect that that number will continue to increase.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean, right now we're making significant investments. I think that as that business becomes closer to breakeven and profitable, that will get our effective tax rate back down into that more normalized rate, and then over time as the percentage of our profits that get driven from the international part of the business increase, then we'll see that effective tax rate continue to drop below the sort of normal U.S. rates into lower effective tax rate over time, but a lot of that is going to be driven by the percentage of profits that are being generated from that international operations.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean, in addition to the catch ups, I think the issue is I think a lot of these larger customers that are buying our high service tiers with unlimited storage, those are typically customers that are more likely to have delays from the time we sort of announce the booking to the time we start recognizing the revenue. They typically take advantage of the implementation and integration services that take time, there's usually more from a policy perspective they need to work through. So, I think the best way to look at it is, I think the ARPU of sort of the 12,000 seats still to be recognized is better than the 27.50 or so that we announced for this quarter, and that will drive that ARPU up over time, because the customers that are sort of easier lift that maybe are not doing implementation integration are the ones that are going to kind of go through quickly. So, I think the ARPU of the sort of still to be recognized customers is better and that's why we think the ARPUs continue to trend up over time.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean I think there's just going to be mix differences over time. I think it's depending on the level that people -- obviously our service offering started at $15 a month plus store. So we do have some customers who are going to be at the lower end of the range. So, there's definitely going to be some mix differences and this quarter the new customers added were a little worse than the $29. But the customers that we've already booked, that are still to be added are better and that's why -- this will kind of normalize over time and it's definitely, there's a little bit of lumpiness there but we do expect a long term trend to continue to go up.
Dan Behrendt: I don't. I could tell you that it continues to trend positively for us as more and more customers, especially the unlimited storage plans and with the introduction of Body 2 and that's an HD camera, having sort of unlimited storage built in and becoming a predictable cost for agencies, I think is going to be very popular and we're seeing that in sort of the bookings already, and I think we'll continue to see those trends going forward because of -- I think it's really compelling for customers to have that unlimited storage especially with HD video.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean I think it's -- I don't think it's changed that dramatically. Obviously there's lots of new hardware vendors coming in the market. The barrier to get into the sort of camera business isn't that great. But from the beginning, we've looked to differentiate ourselves with the SaaS solution, and we think ultimately that's where customers once they really sort of understand that cameras are going to -- they're going to find new cameras every two and half or three years, so they can't, they're making a long term decision on work flows and other things that are not -- the cameras, it's not that's unimportant but that's not the most important piece of it, and I think that as we get more entrants in the market, I think there is -- certainly the sales cycle, customers will continue to try out vendors besides us, and we actually encourage that because I think that's where we really shine. There's a lot of competitors out there that are promising the world and I think once the customers really understand kind of what they're buying, what the competitor versus us, I think we win the vast majority of those deals and so we feel good about our market position. I don't know if you to add anything to that Luke.
Dan Behrendt: Andrew, this is Dan. That’s a good question. I think there is some variability with that. I would say that typically we’ve recognized the camera is selling, but then there is a delay around the recognition of the service and storage revenue based on implementation services, milestones with customers and other things and that could certainly delay it by a quarter or even as many as two quarters just based on sort of the variables in a given deal. I think that this quarter we saw it probably more pronounced than we’ve seen it where we have really significantly less new users added into the system versus what we booked. Typically it’s been more of a sort of the users you book in one quarter you recognize the next quarter and there is just sort of a continues sort of snow plow pushing things out a quarter on the revenue recognition on the service side. This quarter we saw that a little bit more pronounced, it’s mostly due to some bigger deals in the system, that’s a little bit more complex but we do feel that within a quarter or two those seats will certainly be in the system and part of the recognized revenue.
Dan Behrendt: Typically for most deals we’ll recognize - there will be sort of a catch up once the customer is up and running on the system. And lot of that depends in where the delay is, if the delay is the customer saying, hey, we’re not quite ready, they make a 10 months of service the first year and then 12 months after that. Most of these customers it’s sort of –to their advantage to get the clock started because that means they’re going to get their - lot of these, especially if they are customer around TASER Assurance Plan deals, where they have sort of prepaying for their next camera, they’re going to want that clock to start and will get the camera sooner. So there is a fair amount of moving pieces there, it does sort of depend deal to deal.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we don’t expect that to really be an issue because most of these deals when a customer is committing to a multi-year deal, they’re thinking about future budget sources and stuff like that. So usually we don’t expect that to be a real issue.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we had - so on the sales, we had a real significant weapon sales basically last couple of days of the quarter which easily could have been fourth quarter deal, where our sales people were effective in getting that in the third quarter, so that’s why we’re thinking sort of fourth quarter will be more flat although we had record - this is - the thing we want to just sort of remind ourselves and investors this quarter is the highest quarter sales in the company’s history. So repeating on the fourth quarter is still and putting up sort of 17% year-over-year growth on an annual basis, we still feel good about that trend. On the gross margin, I think it’s really driven mostly by some of the new programs we have like the standard issue grant program, some of the other programs, I think the good news is it’s driving the business which is great. There is some discounting that goes with that which will have a little bit of an impact on margin in the quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, that’s a good question, this is Dan. I mean typically we do see some budget flush in the fourth quarter which is - can be a net positive, I think, I guess there is sort of two pieces of color, the third quarter of 2014 still set the record for the highest quarter in CEW sales in Company’s history, so we sort of grew pretty close to matching that this quarter which we feel good about. So I think it’s - as we look at the fourth quarter, we think that sort of repeat, we think it’s a reasonable target. We had some large CEW deals in this quarter which certainly helped and I think those are - that creates sort of a top sort of sequential comp to go against. So we need some of that budget flush to make up for some of these big deals that we saw in the quarter. So I think we feel good about the 17% year-over-year growth on a total year basis and I think some of that puts and takes of big deals versus budget flush are kind of baked into that expectation.
Dan Behrendt: No, I think probably the biggest part is just sort of the amount of direct sales continues to increase both with more direct business in the U.S. as we continue to take more states direct which increases our ASP, as well as some of the international business is now direct which also helps because we are seeing sort of the end user price come through ASP versus the distributor price.
Dan Behrendt: The $55 is really from – probably just clarify that, the $55 includes sort of camera upgrades. It is really probably more of a $40 ARPU as comparison because the 15 of that is future camera upgrades. But I guess I’m not prepared to quantify that specifically other than the fact that we think this trend towards the higher price service tier should help with the overall ARPU number over time.
