Andrea James: Thank you, Jawad and team. Moderators, can we pull everybody into the gallery view, please? We're all in the gallery view, so everyone is on camera. Just remember that. We'll take our first question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead, Jonathan. You are up.
Andrea James: Great. All of our analysts, we have you in our queue already. So, you're good. We were going to assume you're going to ask a question and if you're not, that's fine. Scott Bird from Needham. We'll have you up next. Go ahead, Scott.
Andrea James: Yes, Mike. I would just say the guidance reflects a number of factors supply chains, one our demand pipelines another one that there's a number of factors that we take into account in the guidance.
Andrea James: Okay, wondering if any of you guys have hopped back into the kill. So go ahead and use the hand race feature. Give me a second here. Now, are we good to go. Okay, great. We'll have Rick, close this out.
Rick Smith: Great question. Supply chain constraints are a reality for every manufacturer, as we all know. We're managing through it because a lot of intention internally, specifically for me and my teams that as we work to mitigate that risk. Some of the things that we've done to mitigate risk is we've bought out and we bought in advance and beefed up our supply chain and our guiding factors is in the reality. Even with the supply chain constraints, we still feel really strong about the guidance that we put out earlier.
Rick Smith: Thanks for the question, Jonathan, nice to see you again. For us, it's really about focusing on building the right teams to enter these markets and we've talked about in the past on our federal team as well as Mike Shore on our enterprise security team and a lot of folks around the business that are opening up new segments for us. It's really just putting in the work. There's no shortcut to that and we're building stronger relationships. We're identifying stakeholders early in the federal space, we're identifying opportunities within the budget cycles within congress to fund some future projects. I think the team is just executing really well across all of those fronts. So very, very excited for what the future holds for our newer markets.
Rick Smith: I think there's opportunity across the across the globe, Scott. Three or four years ago, when we started really explaining how we're thinking of going to market, we focused on three individual markets UK, Australia, and Canada and all of those continue to perform really well. What we're seeing in those markets is there's wider adoption of our product line. So, body cams, TASERs, and new developments [indiscernible] without body cams, meaning managing other types of digital evidence that are not generated by body cameras. Of course, longer term, we're excited about things like -- in interview room and in records and so forth. So, in those tier-one markets, they continue to lead the way as we expand our product portfolio. Then there's growing opportunity in tier two and tier three markets just on TASERs and body cameras. The cloud is not a great fit everywhere across the world right now. So, in markets like that, we're really focusing more on the TASER side and building an install base that we can go back to later and sell body cameras in the cloud and it's working out. We're seeing TASER orders in very large volumes. We expect that to continue. It's not necessarily something that will happen every quarter, but every year for sure. We're really encouraged by just the growth in both in APAC, EMEA, and the Americas. So, very excited to see international continuing to grow. A lot of people put a lot of hard work into it and we have plenty of runway left in front of us.
Rick Smith: Yes, absolutely. I appreciate the question. I think if this was a baseball game, we still feel like we're in the first inning here in federal. So, we have a lot of opportunity in front of us. We've completed some large framework contracts and we expect customers to now order against those frameworks. We're seeing the business grow across DOJ and DHS and other segments of federal. We keep building the team to more specifically approach the different opportunities within the federal government. Just in the federal civilian market, a lot of opportunity for both body cameras and TASERs. Then, longer term, certainly building products specifically for federal customers, including the military, is on our radar. So, a lot of growth ahead in federal and really believe in the team to keep delivering in that regard.
Rick Smith: Yes. So first thing I would say is, this is the first product that we've launched that was developed substantially through our new engineering leadership. Hans Moran's our head of engineering came on right before we launched AB3. He kind of picked that up right at the end and he's really brought in some very talented people on his team and they push pretty hard with me to get an additional six months before we took the product to market to really wring out any of the bugs, so we could go to market at quality and it’s scale. And you never want to jinx it by patting yourself on the back this early, but much more hear from customers is that they're really happy with not only the design, but that the system does seem to be pretty wrung out in terms of pretty reliable, and they're not seeing the types of bugs that they've seen in some of our prior launches. We had find that right balance between innovation and speed and quality and testing pre-launch, as we've gotten bigger, especially in each new market, when we're launching a new product and a new market, you may decide to move a little bit faster. But as you start to hit scale like in the TASER and now in the body cameras and fleet business, you've got to be ready to launch at higher volumes and really at higher quality. So, one of these about customers, they really like the fleet was designed clearly to be an in car camera whereas the previous two versions were really spin offs of our body camera hardware. The ALPR is working much better than people expected, I mean, I think we've had customers telling us they've put some of these side by side with their more traditional and much more expensive license plate reader systems, and we're kicking their butt right now, part of it's just the technology of having a color camera makes it we can do state recognition much easier, a lot of the infrared systems struggle with that. And so you'll get a lot of miss reads because you get the plate number right, but the state wrong or to be able to read things like temporary plates, which are the paper ones that are printed out on a laser printer, a traditional infrared system won't even see those, they don't exist because they don't have infrared reflective coatings on it. So, we've also been able to learn through our partnership with Flock, and we've got probably an 18-months headstart of doing these color AI based ALPR cameras. You know, we've invested in them, we've got a board observer seat, we've done integrations on the back end and we're sharing learning’s across so we can both help each other. And I would just say that we're seeing a higher tax rate than we even thought, we would say, and usually agencies didn't think of ALPR is something you put in every car, because of the price point historically it's been well we have our dedicated ALPR vehicles, we have a couple of them. But I think we're seeing pretty widespread like with [indiscernible], some of these other big customers flipping the switch and it's just a software upgrade to put ALPR in every car.
Rick Smith: Yes, it's interesting. It's a great question. Well, like, you know, this time last year, the we're wondering, and we're getting a lot of questions about hey what is the shutdowns going to mean for municipal budgets moving forward, and we're very thankful that they didn't seem to have a very large impact and then you tack on some of the federal funding through the different acts including the CARES Act and it's given major cities the opportunity to potentially spend more on technology, I wouldn't say that it's so much of an outlier that it's worth noting though, we're really have the belief that we're able to prove that our products generate a real ROI for our customers and that they're costing themselves money by not deploying our products and so we're really confident that what we're building has real value and that will continue with or without federal support and we're really focused on just continuing to build out those business cases.
Rick Smith: We had some large CW activity internationally Keith, but I'd stopped short of saying that it was so heavy in Q2 that it wouldn't repeat itself in future quarters, we're very optimistic that the growth is going to continue and that we've got a very strong pipeline across both products in domestic and international. And so, we're really excited to get started in the second half year and continuing to grow.
Rick Smith: Yes, so I'll take that one. I would say organizationally it’s a setback, we never let our customers fail. And in this case, I think what we just learned together was we have both underestimated how much strain it was going to put on such a small agency. We need hours per week from their dispatchers to be spending with our software developers and then just having IT support to be able to deploy and train people on software updates, because it has been a moving target. And so this is one of those where I think we saw have great respect and great gratitude for Maricopa, they helped us learn a ton about dispatch and they're going to continue to be a customer along much of our product line, we'll see where it shakes out, they have told us at this point, they just need something that's more mature and stable, they just don't have the bandwidth to keep iterating with us. In some ways, there's a little bit of an accelerator for us in that we have a major say partner and a major county lined up behind them. And we're also learning the needs of some of these big, very high volume CAD installations are just different than they are in the smaller agencies and we think that's where the volume of the market is, and so on the bright side of this is allowing us to really focus in on refining and getting the product for scale of these bigger customers.
Rick Smith: No, they were our first and our only partners, they are still running on it. They've just like I said let us know they're fatigued and they've asked us to support them through the transition and we have, and then we're preparing. We're moving towards deployment we expect next year of a major city and a major County.
Rick Smith: Just to clarify there Keith, we do have several cities under contract for dispatch. We're just working with them one at a time here as we build the product. And so while Maricopa was the only one live, there are certainly many behind that that are already signed up and contracted.
Rick Smith: Mike, great question. That's very much the plan we're still anticipating about 15 million of growth per quarter this year. And when you look out at the investments that we've been making in all the new products that are launching, the majority of them are SaaS centric, software centric, and they're getting traction that's what we tried to highlight in our prepared remarks in our shareholder letter, we're getting traction across the board. It's not any one product per se. And it's the strength across the depth of products, the breadth and depth of products, it's going to keep driving that ARR, in the near term it's going to be about $15 million [ph] per year, and we're hoping that's going to accelerate.
Rick Smith: So we've already factored in the supply chain constraints, as Luke talked about, we spent a lot of time internally trying to mitigate those risks and making sure that it's not going to disrupt operations. And the guidance that we've given reflects any potential disruption we might see from supply chain.
Rick Smith: So, thanks for the question, Ryan. I think we're not going to disclose too much on conversion rates other than to say of whenever there's an opportunity for body cams, cloud, TASERs, dams, RMS or CAD, we expect to be competitive. It's a very, very competitive market. There's a lot of vendors in it. But we do our best to position our products in a way that the customer will value the most and certainly we expect to win, we want to win. We've got a competitive team and that's the tone we want to set.
Rick Smith: All right. Thanks, everybody. It was pretty fun doing this from the fleet vehicle. It was not planned, but we were at a customer site and the customer wanted to keep going and I think it was the right call. So this was an unexpected benefit. We appreciate the new faces. We appreciate those who've been with us for a while. Obviously, the business is really doing well and we're excited to see what happens in the back half of the years, Josh and his team continue to go out and bring in the revenue and our development teams keep launching products, and the new products are scaling. There's a lot of great stuff going on, lot of positive energy. And we'll look forward to seeing you all on our next quarterly zoom. So everybody stay safe. And let's get this delta variant behind us to get back to normal and we can. Thanks, everybody.
