Luke Larson: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Before we get started I'm going to turn over the call to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Luke Larson: Yeah, this is Luke, I'll take that one. We've certainly an increase in body-worn camera competitors. We're still winning the vast majority of deals, especially in major cities and agencies that have over a 100-plus officers where the majority of the market is. And we credit that due to our work flow approach. So we believe the camera is just the tip of the iceberg and what really sets us apart in the market is that we solve the workflow from end to end. One other miss perception is we've seen some larger competitors come into the space. And I think if you were to do a channel check and talk with the agencies in law enforcement, TASERs brand is really unparalleled and when you talk to the agencies, they really value our very customer driven product design focus as well as the service and support that we provide. So we still feel very confident in the marketplace today from a comparative standpoint.
Luke Larson: Yes, I would just add one thing that we're seeing internationally is the customer's approaches about video cameras and then that opens up a discussion about the TASER devices as well, which we've not previously seen. So I think there is going to be a lot of channel synergy across the two products.
Luke Larson: Thank you for calling in today. We're really pleased with the 2015 results and looking forward to a great 2015. Thank you.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today's call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements information is based on current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press releases we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And \with that, I will turn back the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, we’ll continue to see really strong results in Canada as well as Europe, but really we saw at in almost every region in the fourth quarter. We had some strong sales coming out of Asia with our Australia, New Zealand as well as the other Asian countries that we have strong sales into. We're strong, Europe was strong in the fourth quarter and we saw strong quarter with Canada as well. So it was across lots of markets. We are starting to see the heavy investments we're making in some of the Tier 1 market pay off. So we're encouraged by the Q4 results.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I would like to add on to that. This is Rick of course. When I was at ICP, I had the opportunity to meet with the heads of the State controls and that's really a market segment where in-cars is frankly pretty important because most of what they do is state patrols is in front of the vehicle. I would say historically, we've not performed super well in the state patrols with body cameras because body cameras are just seen as secondary to in-car and I would tell you there was a very enthusiastic reaction from a number of the different state patrols. One of the analogies we used in terms of how we're approaching the market is effectively by bringing a very connected, a cloud connected small piece of hardware into the vehicle where we're plating these big multi-component systems where you install it once and then as things break, they're very expensive to fix and maintain. So at a disruptive price point, we believe we can bring far more capabilities by getting in place a system that is upgraded through software within 30 days. So there is quite a bit of excitement. I need to temper myself because you know we're not shipping it yet and until the product is out with customers in mass, you don't want to get too excited. But I think it can be a game changer for us in the state patrols and I think it's further building the value of our total ecosystem to be able to have a cloud connected disruptively priced in-car video system.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. Yes, I think overall I think between price and volume and the ability for the international business to continue to -- there is lot of -- as you know, a lot of wide space internationally. I think the weapons business is certainly a single digit grower. Going forward we feel, overall we still feel like we've got a 15% CAGR business as we feel comfortable and so I think it's -- certainly the weapons is a part of that -- part of that growth.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan, Greg. I would say overall yes, I think a lot of it is in the video business. So internationally the people we're hiring will be really to drive both the weapons part of the business as well as the Axon part of the business. So those folks tend to be across -- we're hiring people that really are capable of selling both products that we don't always need two sales teams like we're done in the U.S. So there will be some leverage going out of those resources over time. I think overall, as we said earlier, the bookings growth in 2016 will be higher than the operating expense growth and therefore we think we're calibrating this correctly and getting the right people in place and you're going to continue to see a good ROI on those investments over time.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. I would say the biggest changes we're replacing ARPU with annual recurring revenue. We just think that -- we've been tracking a number of these metrics and really as you know, we've been really transparent with the market, but some of these metrics as we've looked through 2015, we're really said look like in the case of the ARPU because of the noise in the quarterly revenue with these catch-ups, it's had this impact on the ARPU each quarter. And again with the fourth quarter's 44 -- over $44 for the quarter, which is not something we want to keep the model on. So we said, look what's a better metric and really as we've measured things internally, we said ARR is a better metric to measure both the user growth and revenue growth for that business over time. That's probably the biggest change. We're not really going to disclose the traction rate going forward. That's been pretty consistent. So we don't really think there is a lot of meaning in that. And then, we're going to go to really just the total book sheets and again because of the timing of when we start recognizing these sheets, we think having the total sheets that we've sold is probably more meaningful than the exact number of sheets that we have on the platform at a point in time because that backlog of sheets is eventually going to be the number and we would rather just disclose the total sheets that we've sold versus the exact number at that point in time in the quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so on the X2, there was definitely some international to help drive that in the quarter. So it's been a strong product for us, especially international because you don't have -- lots of times, these are early adopters in the company. So I have a training component of having to train our new weapon platform. You don't have that same headwind that you do in the U.S. where somebody is using a single shot weapon and he used to get pretty trained for the two-shot weapon. So that helps a little bit internationally. As far as the sales, we're seeing sales in both products internally. We see opportunities for both product lines, both segments of the business internally. And as I said earlier, I think that one of the things we're doing is we're building up teams that are really capable of selling both segments. So we can leverage those costs on a go-forward basis.
Dan Behrendt: Okay. Yeah so on the tax rate yeah we expect the 2016 tax rate to be between 38% and 40% to get to back to more normalized rate for 2016.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, and I would just add, we don’t really think about the margins on a deal-by-deal basis. We do look at that from a market perspective and I talked a little bit about my section how we think about going after these markets and we want to create a healthy margin business and we believe getting these reference accounts is key to doing that.
Dan Behrendt: Yes. This is Dan. Let me start with just topline guidance. We don’t provide exact specific guidance, but we do feel comfortable with a 15% compounded growth rate overall and that's something we've indicated previously and we still feel comfortable that the business has got the ability to continue to grow at that 15% rate annually.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so George, this is Dan. So on the annual recurring revenue, that's $16.7 million as of the end of the year. And then on the buyback, our window will open in a couple days and at that point we'll -- the buyback will commence, but we're planning to do it through a 10b5 plan. So that may take a few days to be put to -- to get put in place.
Rick Smith: Good morning and thank you, Dan. What a year. We're proud to yet again be able to share with our results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2015. Fourth quarter results exceeded expectations for both revenue and profitability and demonstrated progress on multiple fronts towards solidifying our market leadership position in the Axon and Evidence.com segment, increasing our TASER weapons penetration and encouraging the upgrade cycle domestically in the weapons segment, while setting up the company for long-term success internationally as well as domestically. Looking to 2016, I continue to focus our team on the most important goals. First, extending our hardware and software platform with additional products and services, that create more value to the integrated whole. Examples of this strategy include Axon Fleet, our pod connected in-car video system launching in 2016 and the new video forensic products available through our partnership with Amped. These products add value to our entire ecosystem with each element creating a whole solution more valuable to our customers than each product would as a standalone. Second, focusing on services that create high value network effects for our users such as sharing and interagency collaboration tools and third, extending our customer intimacy to global markets. The real key to our success over the years has been that we have a unique understanding of law enforcement's challenges and we have the ability to translate those challenges into distinctly valuable technology solutions. We're continuing to invest in people and focus, including me personally spending a lot of time overseas to build these relationships around the globe. In only two years, we went from having zero presence in the body-worn camera market in the United Kingdom and the [digital] management market in the United Kingdom and in two years we've gone from no presence to becoming the market leader being selected by the largest and most influential agencies. The body-worn camera market is developing rapidly in many countries and we're now active contenders in several key markets where previously we were not on the radar even just a few years back. I am truly excited and optimistic about the trajectory that TASER is on today and going into 2016. We're executing very well across the organization, which is now truly multifaceted. We're continuing to add the right people and resources. We've built a truly world-class team. We're focused on maintaining a disciplined approach to our investments in the next year. Even as we increase our operating expenses to grow the business next year, we expect that our bookings growth will exceed our operating expense growth in 2016. This is a very positive indicator of the traction we're generating from our growth initiatives and the return on investment that we're realizing from prior spend. The energy and pace of innovation is the highest that's ever seen in our company's history. I look forward to our team updating you on our Q1 progress in April as well as in person at our next Analyst Day, which we're excited to hold in New York City this May. I am now going to hand the call over to Luke, our President, who will go through an operational update.
Rick Smith: And then in terms of my efforts as you know and focused for the last six months or so on Europe, I'll still will be focusing Europe in the next several months and then over the summer, I'll be spending some time in Asia. I don’t know that I want to go into too much detail in terms of actual country focus because we've got lot of people trying to compete with us and follow us around the globe. So I don't want to give a roadmap of everywhere we're going to be, but I’m finding it's been pretty remarkable how spending time aboard you just end up building much better and deeper relationships then you do when you pop in for a weak of sales calls and then at home. In fact some of the other executives have started to spend little more time aboard and we're actually looking at how can system tie with us, so when I come back to the U.S. we start to cycle some other people out. I think it's just important to continue to inject the international customer relationships into our bloodstream at TASER and its going to be something we're going to want to operationalize and continue long after I am back from the extended trip.
Rick Smith: Yes, so we announced Axon fleet at this year's ICP due to the relatively long sales cycles. In law enforcement we tend to find that doing a pre-announcement helps our sales team build the channel before we actually start shipping. We intend to ship that in the back half of the year. Without giving away too much, I would say the response has been very positive and as these agencies move to this kind of end to end workflow on the Axon platform, the notion of adding really disruptive low price hardware with really powerful cloud based features has been very well received.
Rick Smith: Yes, I would say in 2015, the three key areas that we invested in were sales, engineering and international. Moving into 2016, I think our domestic investments are going to slow down on the sales side relative to the investments we're making in international and engineering and we expect to see the ability to have some leverage in the model as our coverage increases and we can now use the same sales rep to cover multiple product line.
Rick Smith: Yeah. We see a lot of our early adopter customers who've made purchases in the 50 to 100 units that will now be making larger deployments in 2016. We also are starting to see some regional effects where you may have a couple major cities or leading cities in metropolitan areas and the surrounding areas due to network effects in sharing, see the benefit of the platform. So we feel really confident about our bookings target for next year. 
Rick Smith: Yeah, in Q4 we did ship some early try units, which is pretty standard when we're doing a production launch. Between our Flex and Body 2 products, we have a backlog of over 8,000 units. We've been working through this backlog and I expect to be caught up in the second quarter. As we mentioned earlier, the backlog of Flex cameras was due to the bookings at end of the quarter.
Rick Smith: Yeah, let me take that one. I can tell you it absolutely is an issue. Just like it was in the United States, we first started this venture five years ago. The reaction of our customers was there is no way that we’re going to wear our camera and there is no way that we can put our data in the hands of a private company. We saw that absolutely slip in the U.S. where body cameras now when you talk at least to users they're saying, every officer is going to be wearing a camera in the near future and obviously we've seen Evidence.com really become a standard where every major agency we've sold is going on Evidence.com. Now we have that one or two agencies where there are still this religious -- we want to build it and we run it ourselves. Even in the U.S. we've seen a couple of those. Internationally I’d say, the international space is where the U.S. was five years ago. When I first showed up in Europe six months ago, the general feeling was that it was a real uphill battle, up at the cloud. We're now seeing that sentiment shift and luckily it's because police or people too I hate to over-simplify, but when I sit with the Head of an International Police Agency, I look at what phone they're carrying and we talk about how is your email experience? You have personnel email right? Yes, and you're probably storing some pretty valuable personal information on those emails right? Or your online banking, there are so many analogues to how internet connected businesses have made our lives better as a consumer that immediately resonates. And then we start to turn to things like security and other issues where once they take the time to dig in, it start to realize the impact the cloud outperforms what an agency can typically do on their own internally. In fact they're just number one customer and we're talking about this is the customer that’s considering and they're still considering whether to build on camera and the cloud and that same customer told me that they're running Windows 2000 on all their laptops. And we then -- we both kind of chuckled and said, well that's sort of an example of how hard it is to keep up with technology when you're running it yourself and you’ve got to do it an environment where you've got these incredibly bureaucratic purchasing requirements, why wouldn’t you want to outsource that to someone that does technology for a living and is able to always make sure you're updated and up to speed with the latest security patches and technology. So, it’s a bit of a long story, but I’m having a sense of déjà vu to where things were in the state years ago, but we’re early in the process. I think we’ve got the U.K. pretty comfortable. At most of the agencies in the U.K. are now getting comfortable and with Microsoft putting an amateur instance in the United Kingdom and it's helping our partnership with [Amped] having instances in other areas of the EU and other international segment is helping. But I would say -- we're still in the early innings, which is something I actually really like because I think TASER is there as a thought partner and we're helping to share the thinking that it's driving our customers to help them see the advantages of this cloud approach. So I’m actually delighted that the international markets is where it's at where we have the opportunity to come in be the thought partner that helps to move these customers into a cloud model. So it’s an exciting time for us. Certainly there is a lot of work to be done and we’re not going to win every account to the cloud. But I think over time the underlying economics and technology advantages of our cloud model are overwhelming. That’s why the cloud connected business models tend to dominate in just about every other market segment where they've effectively entered. We believe all those advantages accrue to us and we’ve liking the first mover, but it is going to take some time to get the international space to where the U.S. is now where you just see big agency after big agency hop in on the cloud.
Rick Smith: And let me talk a little bit about the -- there has been a ton of news flow in the marketplace for sure. These large agencies do tend to -- they've got good -- it's like turning a battleship that some folks would say. So, we’re still in process with them finalizing the terms of the deal and there is really not much more we can share at this time. Similarly with the NYPD, there is pretty stringent guidelines than any of the vendors that are participating in their bid processes. Can’t comment on it and so we’re really in addition to our normal practices of not commenting until we have something really solid to comment. We have to be particularly respectful of the requirements of the process there. So we at this point can’t share any additional details on those two accounts. We don’t -- we actually don't anticipate sharing further details on an account by account basis, which is in line with our general policy of not disclosing individuals deals, but you'll see that I am showing up in our quarterly numbers as those mature into -- from being selective into an prudential order and of course in New York, they’ve not yet made a selection.
Rick Smith: For sure let me first up by saying that Amazon was also a great partner for us, I think that Microsoft when we did the final analysis. For this market sector, Microsoft is particularly good with government compliance. Organizations that have lots of compliance issues and they've got really deep customer relationships around the world with the IT departments. Since we’ve announced the switch to Azure we've had a number of agencies that frankly were -- had really deep relationships with Microsoft move further and faster in our sales pipeline and I would say internationally it's making a difference as well, where I've been able to meet with Microsoft sales team and to collaborate their helping introduce us. You had various points in different organization like I just came from a meeting this morning with a Microsoft team here in Europe. So it’s a little early, I wouldn’t say that we've seen things, big deals go from start to across the go line as its only been a few months but I would say, the early indications are really positive. Microsoft has been great to work with. Their sales team is really supportive and they actually -- one thing I would point out is they do see Axon and Evidence.com as really helpful to Microsoft, which is great. So Microsoft has a goal of frankly building out their cloud business and migrating for example email and on prem Microsoft office installations to the cloud Office 365. And one thing we've talked about is for them, there is a bit of a challenge where there is just organizational inertia to take for example an email system that you have today and then moving it somewhere else, you've got all the standard point of organizational inertia that might resist that. One thing that I think Microsoft has found very attractive about us as a partner is body cameras aren’t new. They don’t displace an existing system and it creates the need for a new system and it’s a scale that's at least in order of magnitude greater than what they're used to building internally. And that makes us a great talking point for Microsoft in it helps to make customers comfortable with the cloud as they think about body cameras and that’s strategically advantageous to Microsoft across all their cloud offerings. So I think this is a great example of one of those relationships. It's really a win-win. It's been a win for us. It's been for Microsoft and as such their people are helping us a lot and we’re really -- we felt it was a great move and it’s a great partnership and we're excited to keep working with them.
Rick Smith: I will take the second part. I think in terms of complexity of deployment, that's our biggest differentiator and that's the reason we've seen the majority of the agencies, large agencies go with our solution and that's why we think we're really well positioned in the next two years both in the States and internationally. When an agency is looking to do a scalable deployment, we've got through the end-to-end workflow and that makes a really big difference when you look at how much time the officers and the agency is going to invest in this program. And some of our features like the ability to add Metadata and then have that automatically trigger retention schedule saves the agency countless hours of time and that's just one example. We also have similar features with [indiscernible] and I can list them all, but I would say that that's the biggest differentiator TASER has in terms of deploying large scale deployments for video and software solutions.
Rick Smith: Yes I would just add, when we, this is Rick, when we see some of these challenges, a lot of times the challenges end up being more policy related as agencies that are new to this are working through privacy issues. When they're going to release video? What level of oversight they're going to allow or access as the public is going to have. And we do help connect agencies with resources that will help them think through the policies, but the good news is most of our deployments are not slowed down from a technology perspective, whereas if they build this on site, they've got to hire people and buy a bunch of the data center gear and then prove to get it up and running, go through all the trials and fibrillations of bringing a big system from zero to operational. In our case, really all we need is high speed Internet access and we can take it from there. So it dramatically decreases the technical lift the agencies got to do. So most of it I think end up where there are delays, they tend to be more on policy issues, negotiations with union, negotiation with simple groups etcetera over how, when, where they're going to report and what they're going to do? How long they're going to keep it afterwards and all those policy issues.
