Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. I also want to start by echoing the excitement over our Accelerate conference. Meeting with our customers, partners, and employees from around the world was super energizing. It reinforced for me that Axon sits squarely at the intersection of social justice and advanced technology with a mission that galvanizes all of our stakeholders. These stakeholders include you, our investors. While we weren't able to offer an investor track at Accelerate this year, you've been top of mind for us. In light of feedback we received at our last proxy, we've been conducting a listening campaign to gather more specific feedback from our investors on our approach to governance in ESG. The input we've received has been invaluable and we look forward to sharing the outcome of these discussions in the coming months. Now, over the past several years, you've seen us invest aggressively in R&D and channel expansion. We've deployed capital to strategic partnerships, putting an early stake in the ground on emerging technologies and trends. These actions have enabled us to unlock transformative new products like VR and Respond new customer market segments like Federal and Justice, and new geographic regions worldwide. Today, we're excited to share that as a result of our strategic planning and continued investments, we're projecting substantial runway for growth with a new and updated Total Addressable Market or TAM. Our new TAM is almost double the last one that we shared with you. While our penetration in this new TAM is still relatively low, it's absolutely our intention to serve these markets with the investments we have in place, which will see us bring exciting new products to market over the next 18 to 24 months. There are two areas in particular I want to highlight. First, federal, we had Richard Coleman to run our federal business in 2018, and he has since built a stellar team who's performance has exceeded our expectations. We now view the federal team for Axon as a $9 billion opportunity across taser devices, body-worn cameras, demos, and other software. We count among our customers today, several of the branches of the federal government, including the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, Customs and Border Protection, and the Drug Enforcement Agency. We've also been driving adoption of our new multi-jurisdictional sharing feature, which is enabling state and local agencies to seamlessly share evidence with U.S. attorneys. To better serve federal customers who have sensitive law enforcement information, We've made an investment to ensure our software complies with the Civilian Fed Rate High and the Defense Impact Level 5 security standards. At these security levels, we anticipate being able to offer a DEM solution to all 90+ federal law enforcement organization s across civilian and defense agencies. After a strong third quarter in which we added $35 million in new deals, we are on track to have another record year for federal bookings. Next, I want to briefly double-click on consumer. Axon has, since its inception, always had a consumer business, but it's historically not been one that we've devoted meaningful R&D to. With the ongoing development of our exciting new TASER device technology, we've committed to releasing a host of new personal safety devices over the next few years that will help advance our mission to truly obsolete the bullet. We also intend to begin offering personal safety solutions to mobile applications over this time frame. In our shareholder letter, we highlighted a TASER device penetration is less than 25% in the U.S. and even lower globally, but that represents the professional user. The penetration in consumer is virtually 0 in an $11 billion market, which means we have a tremendous runway ahead in just a segment alone. To be clear, we're still very early announcing consumer, but we have the alignment, the technology, the strategy, and most importantly, the mission to drive this growth. Now, before we open up the call to questions, I want to highlight 3 themes that we'd like you to take away this quarter. 1, we are significantly underpenetrated on our growing global TAM. 2, we're delivering against the rule of 40, investing for growth while achieving leverage. 3. Our year-to-date results and outlook for 2022 are a waypoint in towards building a much larger Company that is synonymous with public safety and protecting life. As we look ahead to 2022, we're carrying a ton of momentum into the new year. Our 2022 revenue projection has strengthened to at least $1 billion on top of what we expect will be at least 25% year-over-year growth in 2021. We added a record $28 million in ARR this past quarter to bring our total ARR to $288 million. We have an exciting runway ahead of us, and we look forward to sharing updates on our progress in the coming quarters. With that, Angel, let's move to questions.
Jawad Ahsan: Then Josh, the question on gross margins, we're not expecting at this point any impact from Fleet on gross margins.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, I'll start with that 1, John, and thanks for the question. So, we've been, as we talked about for the past few years, investing for growth beyond the TASER devices and body cameras, and we've given you flavors here and there of the markets that we're aiming towards the new products and segments. And what we wanted to do is reflect accurately how the business is oriented today. Our TAM has been expanding in the past few years, but that's also because the lens that we're looking at our business through has been widening as well, and things like VR, a bigger presence in federal, more of a focus on consumer; these investments are in-flight now, as I mentioned they're still very, very early inning s but its TAM release speaks more to our ambition. We wanted to align how we're thinking about our TAM opportunity with how we're investing for growth today. And we wanted to make sure that you guys are thinking about the same way that we are.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, the great thing about it is it's not a lot of incremental investment. The beauty of Axon business today is that the technology we have for TASER, for example, right? We've been investing in TASER for quite some time. We've talked a lot about the next-generation TASER technology, we're very excited about. And that technology is going to be able to serve our domestic and international law enforcement markets, it's going to be able to serve our federal markets, correction, enterprise security; it's going to, in a large way be able to translate to consumer as well. And so what we're really looking to do is gain leverage on the investments that we're already making. The same thing holds true with body camera and DEMS. You look at the body camera and DEMS product, it's really an enterprise solution that happens to be oriented towards law enforcement today and is geared towards law enforcement. We think that there are other use cases for that technology, and there are new areas like VR training that we are making a new incremental investment. In that content, there the demand is extremely strong. And in drones, here, we're looking to partner a little bit more and find the right partners to help us get into those markets. But what you should read into this is that we're not looking to really expand or to get too far ahead of our skis as far as investments into new technologies that's really driving leverage from the one that we have.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, Brian, thanks for the question. I'll take that. So over the long term, I want to reiterate that we're driving the business towards 30% adjusted EBITDA margins, 70% gross margins. Over the next couple of quarters, I guess the best way to think about it, when we start off year, we have a comprehensive list of investments that we want to make in product and channel, operational excellence, etc., and we set our revenue targets and then determine which of these investments that we're going to fund, as you might imagine, not everything gets above the line. Now, everything gets a green light. As we over-deliver on revenue throughout the year, we unlocked funding for those items that were below the line because we do believe that we want to reinvest back in the business. We've got a tremendous opportunity to get after these new products, segments and channels, and so forth. Had we not had $30 million of revenue pushed into 2022, our adjusted EBITDA margins in Q4, would have stayed roughly flat to where they were at the end of Q3. But because we've been unlocking funding throughout the year for these new initiatives, we're now expecting to finish the year, at the EBITDA levels we've guided to, which translates to roughly 20% adjusted EBITDA margin for the full year. And then for next year, we're going to reset. Now, in 2 things to note here, the first one is that, the new initiatives that we're funding, things like VR training and federal next-generation TASER, body camera, records and dispatch fleet we're super excited about. For all these areas, demand is very strong, and just like we saw in 2021, you're going to see any over delivery fall right to the bottom line, you'll see margin tend to tick up. And the second thing note is that, we are in the budget process right now. We're going to treat 2022 just like we've been treating prior years, which is we're going to make sure -- there are going to be things that are below the line. So the Q4 margin rate, even though it's going to be slightly lower, we're going to view that as an anomaly.
Jawad Ahsan: Let me take that release to begin with. We're seeing improving the attach rates on our premium services like Respond, which is the live streaming of body cameras. And on our last call, we talked about how Charlottesville used that capability as they were taking down the controversial statues, to able to see world officers were and be able to tap into live video streams. There's also ALPR, of course, in Fleet. And Respond, as part of our new OSP 7+ premium, which is a plan that includes VR and transcription. So I think we're also seeing an improvement in the attach rates in our highest premium plan in addition to those individual elements.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks Eric. I will take that and maybe turn it over to Rick for some additional color. So today, it's both. Today, we sell through distributors and direct-to-consumers and we certainly plan in the near term to leverage both of those models going forward. We do think there's an opportunity for us to increase direct-to-consumer with some of the products we're developing. It's not only next-generation Taser but we're also in the process of developing mobile applications for personal safety, and those we're going to be going direct.
Jawad Ahsan: I'll just leave it at that. I don't want to telegraph too much what we're doing. We haven't announced in terms of products yet, but we're excited about what's coming.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, I appreciate the question, Will, you certainly nailed the party line. We are driving towards 30% margins long term and we're going to remain opportunistic about where to invest weeks are in the process of setting our budget for 2022. We have not formerly guided to EBITDA dollars or margin for next year the way that we're thinking about it is, as I mentioned, we have a host of investments that we'd like to fund. Not everything is going to get funded and as we go throughout the year and hopefully surpass our revenue targets, we're going to unlock more funding. The reason we're doing that is there's just so much opportunity in front of us and it's across a variety of categories. It's cross multiple products, multiple channels, multiple geographies, and I want to make sure that we're keeping our top-line growing and the way we do that is by investing, right? And not focusing on EBITDA. So, what you can count on from us is we're going to stay disciplined, that's something that Rick and I rest the executive team are very much aligned on. That we want to drive leverage in the business overtime but we also are going to prioritize investing in getting after this TAM that we shared with you today.
Rick Smith: Thanks a lot for the question, Josh. I think at this point, we do see it hitting in both Q1 and Q2. And certainly, it's a challenging supply chain environment across the world right now and the team's doing a great job navigating through that. And so, of course, we're hoping we can fulfill as much of that in Q1 as we can, but realistically it'll be across Q1 and Q2.
Rick Smith: I let Jawad answer the second part of that question. But on Fleet 3, the demand has been very, very high, higher than we've ever seen for our in-car video products before. So we are shipping a record numbers of Fleet 3 as compared to Fleet 1 and Fleet 2 and we expect that to continue throughout next year. We are oversubscribed for the product right now and I think that speaks more towards the demand than anything else but we do expect to shift large quantities relative to previous versions in Q1 and moving forward, I'm sorry the Q4 of this year and moving forward and Q1.
Rick Smith: Paul, thanks for the question. I think the good news here is that the product team has done a fantastic job delivering several value-added feature sets over the last couple of years. And we're now seeing the market really start to value those. One of those is performance which measures how officers are complying with their agency policy. There's updated redaction tools, there's a product called Standards, which is our first module of our records products. And ultimately, as we bundle the solutions together in our officer safety plan offerings, we're seeing more and more customers buy those offerings. In fact, we've seen about double the number of licenses purchased this year, so far on that plan as last year and we only achieved through the year. The 2 to 3 quarters, I'd say so. There's a lot of runway ahead for customers to continue to adopt a lot of these feature sets that have been released. And our focus is really through customer success as well as sales, making sure that we do a really good job showing for training of value that these new features have. So that will be kind of our biggest focal point for our software sales team over the next few hours moving more and more customers into those offerings and we're certainly confident in our ability to do so.
Rick Smith: Yes, absolutely. Thanks for the question. So those who have been with us a while will recall for a long time, we're really disciplined about proving our international strategy and what we call our tier 1 markets, the UK, Canada and Australia. And we feel like, we've earned the right to expand beyond those markets now and we've hired out really talented teams in several markets around the world. In EMEA specifically, we're seeing exciting growth in the Netherlands, in Italy, in Spain, in Germany, in France. In addition to India, where we look at this first contract with [Indiscernible] kind of the first indicator that our strategy there is working, and we're going to continue to build out a team there across 1 of the largest leasing markets in the world. Another place we're really seeing a lot of success is Brazil, which 3 years or 4 years ago, we were barred from selling into and now, they are again buying both CWs and our video devices. And so we've got to the point now where both our sales team has localized into some of these markets and our product team is doing a fantastic job supporting our customers in those markets to round out the edges and achieve that last mile of product market fit and it's really coming together nicely for our international business.
Rick Smith: Yes, that's right. Actually, Brian, just to formalize, it is a record for us. It's the largest single quarter increase we've ever seen in the IR.
Rick Smith: Thanks a lot for the question, Keith. Nice to see you again. Ultimately for us, I think there's 3 or 4 markets right now that, are adopting TASER. And the answer to your question, is really dependent on the market. For U.S. state in local, ultimately, our motion there is more of an upgrade motion, where folks are -- the majority of the market is upgrading from a Legacy TASER to the new TASER 7. Now, because we sell cameras and tasers in the same bundles now, we are seeing an uptick in that market in terms of first-time standard issue users, which is promising and we don't think can see -- continue to see that being low into the future. And then in other markets like, international and federal and enterprise security, we're seeing more and more first-time TASER users --
Rick Smith: So in international, for example, we have a TASER First strategy where we really want to bet on ourselves to deliver a really fantastic customer experience to a customer we've never worked with before and then they'll adopt our TASERs. And then, 1 year or 2 years later, once we put some equity into the bank there with those customers, we can go back and sell them additional products from our portfolio. And I think federal is a little bit of that as well, and then same with our private security channel. So little bit of a mixed bag depending on the market, but definitely seeing high demand across all of those markets.
Rick Smith: I don't have it off the top of my head. I have keep them prior -- I want to avoid any estimate until I've got the data in front of me so we can come back to you with something like that in a future quarter.
Rick Smith: So I would say 2 or 3 product revs, between now and 2030 with [Indiscernible]. I don't know we would just to be really specific, I think by 2030 our goal is to outperform the 9 millimeter. And I think that's 2 or 3 product gens out.
Rick Smith: No, not necessarily. The TASER developments are continuing to move along and that business, as it grows, is funding the R&D. I did also, at Accelerate, start to talk about robotics and part of this as well as being able to remove operators from harm's way and some of the most tie risk scenarios and to be able to incapacitate a target. In addition to the handheld Tasers devices, we know our customers also like, if you have a guy in a barricade situation who is armed or I was just talking with a major police chief earlier about incidents like somebody with a gun standing on his porch; you don't want to get within 25 feet of them. And so in those cases, being able to deploy a long range system, and ultimately, I've come to believe that, doing that through some sort of robotic is better than trying to develop some long-range rifle, will be part of the Net solution that it will take for us to cut police shootings in half. We think part that better weapons that, a human can operate themselves. TASER 8, 9, 10. And then also new capabilities, where they might be able to engage particularly dangerous subjects from further distances or even outside of the building.
Rick Smith: Yeah. I think one of the things we can do to best help them stretch their budget is to free officers from having these fairly expensive professionals spending a lot of time on data entry tasks and a lot of the work that we're doing, for example, in records may not read us directly on obsoleting the bullet, but it can read very directly on helping agencies leverage their staff. I mean, effectively, we could double their productivity if officers didn't have to spend half their day sitting at a laptop, typing up records. And we're doing a lot of work there on the back-office to connect all these sensors we have in the field all the way through, not just into reporting system in an agency, but now moving over into the justice system where you started to talk about how we're finding there's new efficiency needs for prosecutors in courts that are receiving the deluge of digital evidence that we're producing -- that our customers are now producing and handing off and that's creating new and other interesting areas where we can solve a lot of these efficiency problems that translate very directly into budgetary gains.
Rick Smith: Yeah. We certainly arguing that recruiting is particularly challenging in this environment. I mean, I do think we're also seeing a shift in public sentiment. I mean, in Minneapolis, the bill to replace the police department did not pass. I think we're starting to see a shift in our customers are starting to feel it as well where people are just realizing that law enforcement is a really a critical function and we need to have real solutions and that requires thoughtful investment. Not defunding, but ultimately, as it is more challenging for them to higher than productivity tools do become even more important.
Rick Smith: Yes. Absolutely Eric. Thanks for the question. And ultimately, we believe our products work best together, right. And we believe that, a digital evidence will be at the heart of every police record. Certainly, we're already seeing that trend and we expect that to only continue and grow in the next 5 to 10 years. And so, right now, most of our customers are buying Records in the same offering -- the OS [Indiscernible] of the officer 's safety plan offering and that strategy is serving us well. Right now, we're doing our best to balance more and more customers signing up for the Records products with nailing the experience for our first adopters. And we're hearing more and more positive sentiment from our early customers in records to attribute to the hard work or product team is doing to deliver that experience. And we really believe that stacking one customer onto the next than just doing that enough times to have a really positive early experience and records is what's going to lead to that significant adoption across the market later, and that's the mission we're focused on for now.
Rick Smith: Okay. Well, again, thanks everybody for joining us and we look forward to updating you as we bring the year to a close next quarter. And I do want to close out by sharing a powerful moment that we shared with our customers at Accelerate where we missed having our investors this year. We celebrated their sacrifice these past few years through the pandemic and widespread social challenges so with that, let's share the moment. Please stay on, folks, don't run to your next call. Take a moment to share this with us. Your investments make this possible.
