Rick Smith: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to our TASER International’s fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. And joining the call remotely today is, I have an opportunity to address over 300 Chiefs of Police at the California Police Chiefs Conference. So as can happen when doing these things remotely, there’s some risk of technical issues in which case Dan will deliver the entire call today, but let’s hope that doesn’t happen. So before we get started I’m going to turn over to Dan Behrendt our CFO to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Rick Smith: Yeah. We certainly think we can play, we have – running in Amazon data centers and Brazil and in Europe. And I believe we have one up and running or we’re close in Australia. We’re managing to work that they do have data centers around the world and we can at very low cost bring up additional instances. Those are mostly being as read as support field trials, we’re certainly in discussions with some of the larger international agencies that they want to see the data in their country and may not, and maybe frankly some discomfort even around using an American vendor I’ve just given all the PR about what’s been happening with the NSA. So the good news for us is Amazon’s getting sort of market share clout, but there are a number of competitors that are arising. That are making it a goal of theirs to make it easy for Amazon customers to deploy on the competing cloud that are local companies in some of these different countries. So we haven’t done that yet, but we do have plans in place of ... we’re not going to be losing business or shut out of these countries by the fact that we’re going to require these sort of data. We do have a very strong preference to work with our customers. Not to try to... house the data on-site, there’s just a whole bunch of challenges in doing that. Foreseeing that most customers are getting comfortable, that if we get it in country, that we’d be able to use a reputable local cloud provider. Again those deals are... we haven’t announced any of those because we haven’t closed any substantial deals. Actually we’re more in test mode. So those are challenges that I think we’ve got a number of ways we can work through them.Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: Thank you, I’ll hop back in the queue.
Rick Smith: This is Rick just to clarify on that the net sale, like if we for rounding purposes say it’s a $1000 sale if they just take the trading credit. They’re going to be getting a $1000 less $85, so they did with that $915. If they take the additional $100 by signing up for TAP then there’s going to be the $200 initial payment to get on the TAP plan. And they get the 185 off that but the cash sort of at the time of purchase goes up from $915 to $1200 less $185 gets you to actually a $1015.Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Okay. That’s helpful can you give us a sense for maybe the number I guess I could probably go back and compute it but the number of licenses that you’ve booked now with EVIDENCE.com. And maybe because I know you give us your booking rates I think that also includes the AXON hardware sale. Can you give us a sense for maybe how many licenses have been booked for EVIDENCE.com and what the aggregate booking value of that software sale has been? So we get a sense for future revenue recognition off of the basis that exist today.
Rick Smith: This is Rick. Just add little more color to that. We just wished to a per user seat model in the fourth quarter, prior to that we were doing a per camera model. And so it’s a little hard for us to blend those two together. So as we get people off the per camera model and on to the per user model we’ll have little more clarity around to how to best characterize the numbers of seats.Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: And so Rick by that do you mean for example there might be three shifts occurring during the day that would use that individual camera for eight hours per in the past you’re selling one license for that camera but now you’re selling three. But the virtual users know that.
Rick Smith: Bill I’ll take that one. So the issue with the – distributor we terminated the agreement, guys we didn’t believe that maybe who is going to be able to get the job done. And we believe there were breaches of the agreement. He obviously doesn’t see it that way. So the risks with these trial is pretty much just that we had hit for some damages. We don’t see it impacting our presence in Brazil. We see that we’re in a much stronger position with the team that we have addressing the Brazilian market than we were with our former distributor. So I wouldn’t think about in terms of imputing our ability to operate in Brazil. It’s just risk. You never know what the jury is going to do and we’re in trail right now. In terms of the opportunities in Brazil we see there’s obviously a lot of opportunity we’ve had lot of interest around the cameras. We’ve not yet been able to get the government to improve our plan to bring up a local manufacturing partner so that we can reenter with the weapons. There’s tremendous amount of pressure from our customers the police agencies down there, are clamoring the TASER devices back in country. They are not happy with the local competitor which one – that’s what lead to the block for us to be able to get import licenses. So there’s lots of customer pressure, we’ve been aggressively working the market. It really just comes down to politically, when we can get the approvals to start reselling in the market. We think there’s a lot of demand and there is anything that requires regulatory approval, an approval at high government level. It’s not really predictable if and when we’re going to get that approval but we’re working pretty hard.Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Thank you.
Rick Smith: Thank you everybody for your time this morning. Obviously we’re very proud of the hard work our team did. It’s not every day you to turn in result like this, but as report the 2014 we see lots of indicators. Again there’s an opportunity for the EVIDENCE.com and AXON to really go mainstream. We’re seeing a lot of opportunity internationally on both sides of the business. Were very excited to be, – looking forward to a great call a year from now. And thanks for – stuck with us over the years as we made the investments that have made 2013 possible. And everybody have a great day.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you Rick. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that all such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based on current information and expectations regarding TASER International, Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date in which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2012, under the caption of Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com.
Dan Behrendt: No it’s actually – what they get is, they get this is starting in the first quarter. They get $85 and if they choose to also sign up the TASER Assurance Plan they also get $100 off their first payment for their next TASER so $85 immediately. And then say the payments are $200 a year for a five year, that first payment is $100 instead of $200 towards their next TASER.Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Okay.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah we probably can’t go to that level of granularity I could tell you right now on the balance sheet there’s we’ve seen the deferred revenues associated with the video business actually increased from last year by about $2.7 million. The booking number includes future invoice amount as well. That’s not when we book $5 million in a quarter – we don’t always invoice that full $5 million some of that maybe, if somebody starts a three year deal with me. I’ll be like customer initially and then and the anniversary of year one and year two for that three year deal, so some of those bookings would be invoiced in the future. But as far as the total license count we’re providing the unit sales each quarter. If this business continues to evolve, what – we’re going to continue to look for what the metrics are. We’re using the sort of to manage the business and we’ll share that as appropriate in the future.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah we’re continuing yeah those are the primary that, that’s – in Europe and Brazil but we’re investing really around the world as far as capabilities west side marketing collateral, trade shows type expenses. And really just working sort of hand to hand with the distributors to make sure that we support them and some people are appropriate to help them to grow their businesses as well.Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company: Okay, great. Thanks.
