Rick Smith: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the TASER International first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our Chief Financial Officer to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Steve, it’s become difficult to track that. I think we still feel like there is a majority of weapons out of five years still remain to be upgraded. And that number continues to grow. But we don’t have that exact percentage. It’s been tough to track because of the -- as we’ve reduced the trading price, we have a number of customers that are just going through that upgrades without actually trading into old weapons. So it’s been become difficult to track that. But we still think that a majority of the weapons in the field that are over five years old remain to be upgraded.
Rick Smith: This is Rick. I think in the general there is a -- the first quarter tends to be a little bit seasonally weak compared to the fourth quarter. And the second quarter is just based on budget cycles. So I don’t know if there was anything particularly that standout as I can sort of typical seasonality.
Rick Smith: Yeah. This is Rick. In the first quarter, we spend a lot of quarter, just sort, of scoring up to the basket as you’d say given our feet under as getting a lot of the agencies last year really scaling up and running because we don’t really recognize the service revenue until these agencies are alive. A lot of the larger and more recent orders are either getting get live or very late in the quarter or during the Q2. So it was mostly just around your execution in making sure that our existing customers were having a lot of success as we continue to build out our capabilities to bring these larger agencies online.
Rick Smith: This can also include some of the professional services that we build on bringing agencies life. So, a net decline that was most likely that we add some larger professional services in the prior quarter.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Actually that represented a single large international order for the XREP products. So it’s a -- as you correctly point out, it’s not a product we talk about a lot but it’s a product we continue to sell internationally and we had a large international order that was shipped in Q1. It’s certainly one of the contributors to that record sales for international this quarter and just because it was such a large amount, we didn’t want to, sort of, jam in into other to make other look unusually large. So we did break it out.
Rick Smith: There is certainly, the 0.7 in legal is certainly kind of, on a normalized basis, we were closer to $13 million. But from that level we will continue to make investments to grow both the international businesses as well as the video business. So in some respect, I think the unusual items will be replaced by just sort of normal spend as we increased our customer-facing roles for both video and international.
Rick Smith: Yeah. It’s a good question. I think certainly, I mean, that’s one of the track that’s making out things within international sales as they tend to be larger deals in general. Our average ticket size international is about 10 times as big as our average domestic orders. So it tends to be lumpy as a result, but at the same time I think we’ve certainly been investing heavily over the last couple of years to grow the international business. I think we are seeing some of that payoff at these higher levels. You are right. Some of this is, whether we are going to have $10 million a quarter consistently is absolute normal, it kind of remains to be seen. But certainly as Rick said earlier on the call, we feel good about the international business in general. We’ve got a good pipeline there and we expect to grow that part of the business year-over-year.
Rick Smith: I think we are tracking pretty well certainly on the topline. We are tracking well. I think we fell still very comfortable sort of the topline projections for the video business and certainly in the base case as we -- certainly is looking pretty solid and we are tracking well to that base case now. And I think the pessimistic case is looking more pessimistic with last three quarters of results. But as far as the topline, I think we still feel pretty comfortable with the topline from that presentation.
Rick Smith: It’s really a bit of a new thought process for some of our customers. I would also add that we are seeing some success frankly with TAP right now in the smaller agencies than in some of the larger agencies just from a market dynamics perspective. But that’s obviously an area of focus for both our marketing and our sales team to continue to increase the launch rate.
Rick Smith: That’s a good question. I think there is certainly room to continue to grow, although we’ve seen as you know really strong growth two years in a row in the North American part of the business. So part of the challenge is, we are continuing to stay at those elevated levels and then grow from there. And certainly that we see the opportunity as you mentioned, budgets are gaining little bit, are opening up a little bit that if that installed based continues to age. So a five year old product two years ago was now seven years old and certainly I think our customers appreciate the fact that this is a key piece of life saving technology and it not only protects life of the officers but also saves lives of the people interacting with. So they want to make sure that it is time to use that product that it’s going to work and proactively replacing the product is the best way to ensure that and so. I think it is -- we certainly see there is still room. It’s still a ready market for upgrades and we continue to press that message with our customers.
Rick Smith: I think on the first one, SG&A, that’s exactly right. We expect that $13 million is kind of normalized and we will continue to grow from that level. And R&D, I think will also grow from the three sticks this quarter although there will be some offsets from capitalization of new product development cost but I think overall, we do expect that numbers to also grow from these levels throughout 2014.
Rick Smith: Yeah. I mean, I think we still have a good pipeline both and really across all three focusers for the business, international, the North American upgrade as well as the video business. So, I think, certainly, lots of large cities that made purchases in the past that remain to be upgraded. So that’s something that we continue to focus on with our customers.
Rick Smith: At this point, we don’t have firm dates. We just really come out of the research base. We’re prototyping a number of sort of different options to continue to iterate and receive customer feedback. One thing, I would tell you, the Familiar acquisition has been just phenomenal for the organization. It’s created a real sort of center of mass in the Seattle market and just through the Familiar guy’s networks we’ve hired, I think another five to seven really solid people that are coming and really help build out our teams. So it’s not only affected our ability to generate new products but it’s really improved our overall engineering talent base in our core EVIDENCE.com business as well. So we couldn’t be happier with the acquisition and we’re very excited to see a new firm sort of research phase. We are now in the prototyping phase and then in the product development and some great new stuff.Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Rick Smith: That’s exactly right. As you see in the quarter, we had a large number of body camera which are great. I mean we sold. That continues to be a strong driver for video and certainly kind of reinforces that that was a good decision to launch that product. But that does -- the gross margins on body can be lower than flash is because the average selling price is about half as much on average and as result its got a lower -- its got a higher cost of sales with percentage of the total sales. I think its kind of mix issue.
Rick Smith: Yeah. This is Rick. The fact that it’s basically an unpaid trial. Don’t know that really that this is not a super competitive situation. Body cameras, really sort of the concept, the early concept of lot of the work was done in the United Kingdom. There are some local companies there that they have been supporting a lot of the party cam market in the U.K over the past several years and obviously the one in that is the most influential and sort of major agency, thought leader around the world especially the former influence of great across the former empire. So it was -- I would say very competitive as far as people working with the Met and the Met looking at the different solutions. So the fact that we’re choosing, I think just speak to the fact that they solve the value of the overall solution, whereas I would say in general, most of our competitors are primarily hardware vendors. And I think that we’ll uniquely able to coming in and deliver solution which does not require a lot of technical lift from our customers to go and solve difficult IP problem. So we’re very excited about it and we do believe there is a major revenue opportunity. What we are hearing from London Met qualitatively is that, if this trial goes well that there could be a major expansion of body cameras, out in the London Met. And we think the opportunity to be a very significant financial account for us as well as being in a important thought leadership account.
Rick Smith: What is the intended or expected duration of the test before commercialized decision you made. We believe it’s about a year, is what it’s scheduled for.
Rick Smith: Great. Thanks everyone for your time. Obviously we’re excited to continue to report traction in EVIDENCE.com, as well as growth and profitability in the core business. And we report to still mitigate our shareholder meeting which is going to be here in May, just a few weeks out. And if you can make the shareholders meeting, then certainly we hope to hear your voices on the next call. We’ll wait onto our second quarter result. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based on current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings, as well as our other SEC filings on our website www.taser.com. With that, I will turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Dan Behrendt: I think, it’s just -- as you know, the business is sort of subject to a little bit of lumpiness driven by larger deals and that deal flow quarter-to-quarter can certainly have an impact. But we still feel like the -- North American business has been driven a lot by the upgrade and we continue to see finding of plenty of them continue to see that contribute.
Dan Behrendt: Greg, this is Dan. It’s pretty -- in that sense, it would be little bit lumpy but it is certainly an area that we really have a focus on at TASER. The ability to sort of make the purchases at TASER technology would be more of line item and the budget would be pretty consistent every year. It is certainly something that’s beneficial for our customers and long-term would be beneficial for us as well. The ability to also lock in the next upgrade is attractive for us and for the customers, it takes away sort of the challenge of finding that budget dollars for capital, another capital purchase in five years. So as Rick mentioned earlier, we’ve actually are operating incentive of a $100 per handle right now for people to when they upgrade their current, their last generations CW to the new platforms, which is a $100 incentive for them to upgrade and join TAP at the same time. Any given quarter, we’ve had quarters where we’ve had thousand units to TAP or little north of a thousand. So it’s still sort of less than 5% of our purchases include TAP but that’s certainly something we would like to see over time increase.
