Patrick W. Smith: Great. Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Thank you for spending part of your morning with us. Before we get started I’m going to have Dan Behrendt, our CFO, read the Safe Harbor.
Patrick W. Smith: Thanks, Dan. I think we’re all proud to be having a call like one we’re having today. I think the results reflect a lot of hard work by a lot of great people. As you all are probably aware, first quarter revenues came in at $25.6 million, an increase of $2.5 million or 10.9% over the first quarter a year ago. Sequentially revenues grew by about 20%. This increase was driven primarily by our third consecutive quarter of growth in North American law enforcement, which grew by over 25% as well as by a large order from the United States Army. These increases were partially offset by a 51% decrease in international sales from a year ago period, although we did see a slight sequential increase over the fourth quarter. : Operating income of $6.4 million, $6.456 million, I guess round up to $6.5 million, came in over 25% of revenues, driven by a combination of strong operating results and a partial reversal of the Turner verdict, which caused us to reduce our litigation reserve by $2.2 million. And with that, I will hand over to Dan to go into more detail through the results.
Patrick W. Smith: You know I would actually tell you the users using about the first quarter sales is that X2 the new product was not the primary driver of the growth relative into the prior quarters. In the first quarter, the primary driver was, I believe, just a more rigorous execution of our sales team. We’ve been very focused on developing new rigorous pipeline system using salesforce.com and really bringing best practices in to drive results. So I would actually tell you first quarter more than market dynamic was driven more by just operational excellence of our sales and marketing teams.
Patrick W. Smith: Yeah, we have actually launched a telesales initiative we’re looking to augment our field sales group having a dedicated outbound team in addition we’ve had a great customer service team. And then I think we’ve got a great people over the years I think we are giving them better systems now to be able to track leads, and follow up on them, and make sure that we are reaching out to the market and closing every opportunity that comes our way. So it's mostly rigorous execution although I would say we are also feedback from the law enforcement market is the major layoffs they were going three years ago but mostly behind them. And I say the market is somewhat stabilizing we do expect that in the next couple of years and we should see a drive to replace capital equipment law enforcement just across the board over the last few years they were really delaying their refresh of capital equipment in the budget environment to try to avoid the layoffs so they come out of that now, TASERs, cars, computers, pretty much across the board, I think the market is seeing that they’ve not been keeping up with their capital equipment needs. And we think that is obviously a good trend for us.
Patrick W. Smith: Yeah. We typically don’t get into a lot of detail on their international sales from a sort of competitive space analysis. And frankly as we mentioned historically, this can be politically sensitive for some of those agencies that may not want to, it’s a security issue in terms of us, necessarily talking about what agencies are looking at expanding. But once we talk about historically that remain significant opportunities, there is certainly Australia, France, Brazil. Those are areas where we are putting some teams in-market, in Brazil and in France. We’ve got a very strong distributor in the United Kingdom, it continues to do well. I think its I would say some of what we’ve seen is with the introduction of the X2 the international markets do tend to take a little longer cycle to evaluate new technology. So we are expecting to see some more significant X2 orders begin to develop, we are hearing from our sales pipeline that some of those evaluations are now complete, and perhaps some of the agencies that were looking at buying X26 once the X2 came available may have taken a step back to evaluate the new technology so we remain confident that we are going to see the pipeline at least sort of returns up towards the more historic levels. And we believe the things that we are doing now to actually put teams in market and begin to invest in more scalable systems internationally, will set the basis for long-term growth.
Patrick W. Smith: Great. All right, well, again thanks everyone for tuning in. We do have our shareholder meeting coming up here at this headquarters May 31st. So we certainly invited to come down, come see the new flex unit for yourself. You had an opportunity to test-fire on X2 and see our latest ECDs. So we will be talking to you either in the shareholder meeting or I guess our next call. Our conference call will be in July looking at Q2 results. And by then we should hopefully have some interesting early indicators on Flex market attraction. Thanks for joining us today. We will see you all soon.
Unidentified Analyst: Oh! I’m sorry. Just as a couple of follow-up question. Can you mention that or actually I might have been Rick, you mentioned the North American law enforcement sales were up in the first quarter, I didn’t catch that percentage. I was wondering if you could give that to us again.
Unidentified Analyst: No. Okay, got it. And really that’s pretty significant improvement and certainly exceeded my expectations. What is really driving that? Have you guys seen kind of inflection point in municipal budgets or has something as the landscape changed that gives these agencies much more confidence in purchasing the product, and the funding to make the purchase.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So you'd characterize it as really just hammering the product home with these agencies and helping them across the finish line in purchasing them.
