Luke Larson: Thanks. Good afternoon to everyone. I'm Luke Larson, the President of Axon. Welcome to Axon's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining today are CEO and Founder, Rick Smith; and CFO, Jawad Ahsan. Before we get started, Andrea James, our V.P. of Investor Relations, will read the safe harbor statement.
Luke Larson: Yes. Any time we see a trial of over 100 units, we have a very high success rate. I can't think of a deal we've ever lost where we have a 100-unit trial.
Luke Larson: Yes, we're not making any changes to our long-term model. Every day, Jawad and I get up and think about how do we turn the Software & Sensors business into a profitable business, and we've got really good plans in place to execute on that plan.
Luke Larson: Yes. I mean, I think, when we look across the table at our international customers, we've done a really good job building out a direct sales channel where we've hired local nationals. And we now, I think, are gaining access to key stakeholders that we just didn't have before. And this isn't just in the last few months. This is really a culmination of two to three years of hard work. This last quarter was a record international quarter at $23 million. Again, when I was over there at the end of March, they were preparing for Mayday events. Every major city in Europe has protests, and they're looking for effective use-of-force options to deescalate those types of situations. And so, we're seeing all the right signs in markets like Germany and Italy in addition to expansions in the U.K. So, we feel really good about our international progress.
Luke Larson: Yes, so at this time, we're not going to talk about any specific customers. But I would say, the way we're thinking about this is, there'll be a natural kind of upgrade cycle where those customers, the average life of the hardware is anywhere from 2.5 to 3 years, and we're going to go out and work with those customers and really earn their trust and show them the benefits of the Axon network. And in early discussions with several key customers, we feel really good about their willingness to move over to the Axon network.
Luke Larson: Yes, we had a really, really strong international quarter. It was actually a record quarter, and we're still selling some TASER Cams internationally.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea. Welcome, everyone. First and foremost, I want to commend our employees throughout the organization for helping us achieve outstanding first quarter performance. Our results reflect strength across the board, in our Weapons and Software & Sensors, domestically and internationally. The team has been working really hard to execute, and they deserve a lot of praise. In Q1, we delivered record revenue and solid gross margins, while continuing to execute against our cost control initiatives. This drove first quarter GAAP earnings per share of $0.24. We're incredibly excited about the opportunity in front of us and continue to position the business to deliver growth and increase shareholder value. The strategic tuck-in acquisition of VIEVU we announced last week is a great example of this. The deal adds a solid team that shares our mission of saving lives. Our new holster partner, Safariland, produces high-quality products and, most importantly, has history and credibility with the law enforcement community. Those of you who aren't in law enforcement might not notice, but Safariland is a very well-regarded holster supplier and has a lot of fans in law enforcement, and it's very exciting to work with them in developing a holster for the next generation of TASER weapons. Also, VIEVU technology is used by hundreds of police agencies and the acquisition adds 5 major U.S. cities to our customer portfolio. Internationally, the acquisition adds Mexico City and Mexico's federal police. We believe this deal is great for customers because Axon has made an outsized investment in software, which will give these customers access to new features sooner than they otherwise would have had. Also, serendipitously, VIEVU is based in Seattle and so we plan on integrating that team into our existing Seattle office. This next part is really important, especially for the employees who are listening. This acquisition does not mean we get to rest on our laurels. The public safety video and digital evidence management space remains crowded and highly competitive, and our customers have dozens of vendors to choose from. We compete with large, well-funded and highly respected companies, including Motorola, Panasonic, L3 and more. We believe we make the best solutions and we believe our solutions scale the best, but we need to keep innovating so that we can remain competitive and deliver the best solutions that our customers expect from us. We're continuing to expand Axon's footprint and gain momentum within our four primary growth engines. Bookings remain strong. Our product pipeline is robust with innovation at the forefront of everything we do, largely driven by input and feedback with our law enforcement partners. And as you saw in our shareholder letter today, we're taking up our top line guidance to reflect the strong start to the year, as well as the addition of VIEVU. I'm also proud to note that the organization has fully embraced our not-so-new mantra of "be scrappy" so you can expect to see us continue to be conservative on costs going forward. Jawad will talk more about our guidance in a few minutes, but first, I'll turn it over to Luke to update you on product, execution and the integration of VIEVU. Broadly speaking, I'm thrilled with how our teams are performing and how the business is becoming increasingly dynamic to ensure that Axon remains at the forefront of industry change and writes the future of law enforcement. Now over to Luke.
Rick Smith: Yes. So, we've reviewed the contracts. There's no legal risk from a change-of-control provision. And I would say, generally, the feedback from customers has been positive, in that some of them, their procurement ended up going to VIEVU largely for price. And so, some of the commentary I've heard back is that they're actually rather excited that they're now getting on to the Axon platform and that we're going to honor those contracts. So, we intend to make this a very positive experience for every one of those customers.
Rick Smith: Yes, so this is Rick. I would say, I think the majority of what you're seeing there is we're seeing more and more of the TASER deals are going in as part of the Officer Safety Plan, OSP. And so, when you bundle the TASER Weapons together with cameras and software, some of it is just a little bit of just revenue allocation, but some of the discount on – like the Software & Sensors business tends to see more discounting than the TASER business, so on those bundled deals, by the time you end up with the revenue allocation, that ends up perhaps allocating some revenue away from the TASER hardware, which would obviously impact the margins.
Rick Smith: Got you. So, let me take that one. It's a little bit hard to give exact numbers, because in many cases, people have contacted us about the trials. We're in the midst of – they might have already been procuring weapons, they may have gone into a field trial. I can tell you this, and I'm just going to look at Luke and Jawad, make sure you guys agree with this, of the major customers that moved into a trial, if they completed the trial, pretty well universally, we won the deal. I mean, we still have some of them where there's contracts – those trials are still ongoing. But we're very happy that it was strategically a very successful project, in that we saw the vast majority of procurements moving towards trials, which is what we wanted to see, right? Put the stuff in the hands of the users, not in the hands of some bureaucratic purchasing committee, and let the users evaluate what does the job for them. And I think we've moved the ball materially in that direction, and when it moves that direction, we do really well. And of those deals that have closed, a very high percentage have gone our way. And I can't think of any that went away from us.
Rick Smith: Well, we had one or two, and that's particularly if it went on-premise because of a, sort of an institutional belief within IT, where they said, "Hey, we're going to run this on-premise." And frankly, our assessment on that is that we believe the tides of history are kind of on our side here, that the world is moving towards an internet-enabled, connected cloud world, and so we believe we've got a very good shot to win those customers in the future.
Rick Smith: So yes, he's a very smart guy. I mean, it's a well-run company. We actually were talking about this internally, and to be honest, I was expecting the phone call. Because I remember, when we first launched into the software space many years ago, we were surprised at how expensive it turned out to be to build the team, to build the support infrastructure. To basically build the platform cost far more than we expected. Now in our case, we pressed through that because, ultimately, we saw the opportunity that we were the first mover and that we were creating the space, and we felt we could create a very valuable business. If I put myself in the Safariland position, basically realizing the importance of the software and the cost of doing it, it's hard to make the economics work when there's already a really strong market leader. So, if I were in their position, I likely would have come to the same conclusion, that just the level of investment simply couldn't be justified, given that Axon already had such a strong lead in the marketplace.  And I really respect that Safariland reached out to us, and ultimately, we found a way to leverage everybody's strengths and help them to continue to build a strong and growing business. And frankly, I'm delighted we can work with them now because they're really good at things around support gear and holstering that is going to make our solutions more valuable and allows them to focus on continuing to run where their core competencies are really strong.
Rick Smith: Yes. So, I think part of what – as the Safariland team looked at this, they would have had to spend a lot of time, energy and effort building a system to be competitive with what we had already built. So, from just a global economics perspective, this is much more efficient for us to acquire VIEVU and be able to leverage what we've built. So, I would say, over the next 6 to 12 months, the team at VIEVU is going to be really helping figure out how we integrate the best of what they've got into our platform, and then everybody can shift their focus to moving the ball further down the field, building new exciting features that are solving new problems for our customers. And at this point, it's really an exciting time to be at Axon because this, having the major cloud platform in public safety and running one of the largest datasets in the world, opens up just virtually unlimited opportunities for us to leverage that into additional capabilities and additional expansion opportunities. So, for us, one of the challenges is making sure my partner Jawad here keeps us focused on sequencing those investments so that we're making the investments the right way to add maximum value for customers, while also managing the company with some financial rigor.
Rick Smith: I think it'll likely shortened a bit. Yes, I think there's growing confidence versus when we were new in that business, in the body camera business, in the U.K. and the cloud was a brand-new concept when we first started, whereas now the largest agencies in the U.K. are customers. I think we're seeing more and more customers starting to convert over onto our platform. And the buzz between them is sort of validating that, this whole business model of using the cloud and internet-enabled docks is some real advantages. So, I'd say that it's accelerating the decision cycles in the U.K.
Rick Smith: Thank you. And by the way, I would add in there, we, last year, mentioned we had acquired a team in Finland. Juha and his team over there are just doing a fantastic job. I'm really excited at the vision of bringing, particularly around where the Fleet product line's going to evolve in the future. So, we're – I think that's one of the exciting areas of the business for me.
Rick Smith: Yes, and I would add that, we're – part of the value of building the Axon network is that it gives us the ability to offer future products and services that are extremely valuable. So, I've already had some discussions with some of these customers where they're validating that these future products and services that we're building are going to be really valuable. So, I don't think we have – we're not thinking of those in terms of like how do we increase like the prices at some renewal in the future. We're thinking about this; how do we delight those customers with new services and new capabilities that are going to be really valuable for them that they'll want to purchase some of the new things we're building? And I'm very confident that we'll be able to earn the additional business with these customers over time.
Rick Smith: I can think of one major U.S. order as well. Probably – our U.S. customers typically don't like us talking about them with specificity, but there was at least one that I know who went with TASER Cams that was pretty significant.
Rick Smith: Hopefully, for sure. We're very focused on building our [indiscernible] as a core asset. I would say there is a bit of a difference. Some of our competitors are growing through like a heavy acquisition approach. And interestingly I was talking with some of our technical leaders, and the risk of that is you end up acquiring a bunch of technical debt because you're buying a bunch of things that weren't necessarily designed to play well together. And doing that integration, it's really hard to buy a lot of different things and then end up with an Apple-esque user experience where things really work well together. So, our approach is much more focused on building things in a highly integrated way. So, from an AI perspective, we're not doing foundational AI research on the scale of like a Google or Facebook. Our team is really focused on leveraging the best-in-class AI tools and algorithms, and we're building the data models based on this wonderful, you know we have one of the largest datasets in the world at 22 petabytes and growing exponentially.  Now, that's our customers' data. We'll be very clear. It is not ours. But our customers can now opt in to be able to have that data used to train our AI algorithms. They can then automate many of the mundane and boring and tedious tasks that law enforcement has to do with this data and, ultimately, to unlock the value that's inside that data. So, we believe having more data and a focused AI team allows us to build better features so we win more customers, which gets more data, which we can feed to our team to build better features and so forth, and the flywheel continues. So, we're feeling very confident about our approach. We do know that we're up against some people with deep pockets that are competing with us, and we're enjoying the competition. We feel really good that our strategy is one that, over the long haul – I'm just saying, let's just say we're confident in our approach, and we're excited to see how the future unfolds.
Rick Smith: Yes, those are issues that we're working through right now in consultation with our customers. So, we don't – we don't have a firm time line on that. So, that's going to be determined, again, in close consultation with our customers to make sure that they have input on the path that we choose forward.
Rick Smith: So, the biggest agencies in particular have asked us not to comment or hypothecate [ph] about what their plans are, although I do know that the mayor of New York has made public statements earlier this year about accelerating the cameras to full deployment. And if you – we'll have our IR team send you references to some of those statements, but we will be really careful not to speak on behalf of our customers.
Rick Smith: Okay. Well, hey, everybody. It's hard not to smile when you see the fruits of the labor and the hard work that all of our people have done over the past few quarters to just pitch in on a quarter like this one. So, thanks for sticking with us, and we're really excited to have you all come out to our shareholder meeting and tune in for our calls in the rest of the year.
Jawad Ahsan: No. The organic guidance for the year, we're sticking to 300 basis points to 400 basis points of improvement.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, so we took up our revenue guidance, as you pointed out, Steve, and we were, as Mark pointed out, on track to exceed our initial guidance. And the operating expenses in VIEVU, that business is dilutive to our Software & Sensors business. And so, what we feel comfortable is that we're going to be able to absorb that and stick to the original guidance we gave around operating margins.
Jawad Ahsan: Well, we don't expect generally VIEVU to be all that material for the year. We did, as you mentioned, have some onetime items in Q1 from the international Weapons segment that we don't expect to recur.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, great question. We're still seeing our Weapons business grow lower double digits organically. What you're seeing is really the sequential anomaly.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, it is under Software & Sensors, Jeremy. And at this point, we don't have any plans to break that out separately. At some point in the future, we may revisit that, but for the foreseeable future, we're going to include that in Software & Sensors.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, it's actually both. So, the software portion will be under Axon Cloud, as I said the new nomenclature for our software revenues, and then the hardware around Fleet will be under the Sensors and Other.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. And actually, just to build on that, the proof point of what Rick just spoke about is that many of our contracts, even though they're on average 4.5 to 5 years in length, don't end up running their full term because we're introducing new products and new solutions at such a rapid pace, some of these contracts get rewritten in upsell situations. And we would expect the same to continue in the future.
Jawad Ahsan: That's exactly it, and also the fact that we continue to add users to the network, and we're getting scale there.
Steve Dyer: Thanks. Good afternoon and congratulations as well. Just following up on Mark's question around organic, how the organic growth is tweaked in the guidance. On the revenue side, sort of the new revenue guidance would sort of imply that Q1 was flowed through, and maybe not a lot was added or expected for VIEVU. I just wondered if you're willing to sort of break out, ballpark, what you're sort of anticipating from VIEVU over the balance of the year versus what was already in the numbers.
Steve Dyer: Yes. I'm talking, I guess, revenue. If, very rough numbers, you'd be by about $10 million in the revenue line this quarter, and the raise on the revenue line would sort of imply about that kind of an uptick. So, just wondering if maybe the last three quarters of the year organically were a little softer given the big first quarter, or if there's just not a lot of VIEVU revenue you're assuming.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Okay. And so, I guess, along those lines, Weapons grew by 10% in the first quarter, and I think you had said 7% to 10% for the second quarter. Are you seeing sort of, I guess, a broader downtick in growth? Or is that sort of a, I guess, a sequential anomaly? I'm trying to figure out at some point, if TASER 60 has gone on long enough to where, potentially, you just see an organic slowdown a little bit.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Okay. And then, I guess, lastly for me, staying with Weapons. The operating margin there ticked below 30% this quarter. Historically, that used to be sort of a mid- to high-30% operating margin business. I'm just wondering if mix has suddenly shifted there a little bit over time, or maybe what I'm missing, if there's more R&D expensed for new products or what have you.
