Luke Larson: Thank you and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Luke Larson: Yes. I think we are still really confident in that 15% growth target. I think the service plans are seeing a lot of traction with TASER 60 and OSP. We currently don’t disclose what percentage of the deals, are on those service plans, but that’s something as it becomes a bigger part of our business, we will think through how we communicate that to investors. The other item I would say internationally we still have a lot of opportunity, the need for a non-lethal alternatives is a universal problem and we feel really good about the teams that we are building out in those markets.
Luke Larson: Steve, great question, 2016 has been a fantastic year for us year-to-date with revenue up over 30%. We expect to have some tailwind going into 2017 with a lot of our paid seats coming back. We are actually still working through our budgeting process for next year. And I think our philosophy here is as long as we continue to see the opportunity that aligns with our investors, we will continue to build out the core teams that we need to gain the dominant market share.
Luke Larson: Yes. I think Seattle would be a good proxy for how we would handle the majority of major cities. I would like to add a little bit of color just on how we think about NYPD. We think that that’s kind of an anomaly in terms of how they play into the market. It’s drastically larger. We also – with that deal, we think there is still an opportunity for us to come back and win that over the long-term with one of the solutions that we bring to market. And fundamentally, we think the landscape hasn’t changed. Our head of sales likes to say, an informed customer is our competitor’s worst nightmare. And we really believe that when they do these trials, they see the value of the system that we have created, specifically around the value of the workflow and when you start to add in the cost that it takes for them to do these processes manually as well as the exposure that they would have, if they were to have a security breach. In Charlotte, had a major high profile video where they had several groups calling for the release of the video and we worked with Charlotte PD to handle that situation. And I think that’s something that none of our competitors could do is provide that level of security.
Luke Larson: So to just answer your question Mark, we do think Seattle is a good proxy for the rest of the major cities. And final point for me on this is when agencies field trial, we feel very confident in our solution. And then the last item I would say is, it’s just part of our strategy to get them onto our platform and then we can expand the platform with future capabilities like RMS, which Rick talked about in his section.
Luke Larson: Jeff, that’s a great question. So, we have really started these discussions at this year’s IACP about the capability of the ecosystem. We have got a great user conference lined up for next year, where we are really inviting a lot of our existing Axon and Evidence.com customers, actual users of the system to come to that user conference where we will talk to them about the RMS capabilities. And the real benefit that we have is that just the TASER brand strength and the customer experiences they provide, the vast majority of our customers really value the TASER experience that we have created. And I talked with probably over 300 customers at IACP and the general response which was very high was customers were interested in expanding to more capabilities on our platform.
Luke Larson: I think they get a few benefits. One is they are getting the warranty sort of bundled in. They have got the ability to spread out their cash flows, which I think is important to them. And because of that, they have the ability to upgrade a larger proportion of their installed base at once without having to outlay more cash. So I think that sort of certainly comes with that. I think has really resonated well with customers.
Luke Larson: I would say the majority – we don’t have – we are in 95% of agencies across the country. So I would say the vast majority, nearly all of them would have been existing customers. What we do see, especially in the smaller deals, is that when they buy on one of these payment programs, we are seeing a great indicator that they are actually buying more unit handles than they would have if they just bought with a one-time expenditure.
Luke Larson: Yes, correct. That’s right or they are upgrading their entire installed base all at once versus doing it over time.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the TASER International website. Please note that the earnings press release as well as supplemental materials including our key operating metrics are available on our website. Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. We will follow the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Inc. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date in which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in a press release we issued today and in greater detail in our annual reports on Form 10-K and the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as our other SEC filings in our website, www.taser.com. And with that, I will hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. Yes, typically, we would be sending the cartridges out with the handles. They have a shelf life that’s certainly the life of the weapon itself, so there is no issue with delivering them upfront.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. We always have a little bit of a backlog just orders received in the last few days of the quarter, but we certainly built up our camera backlog to the point where we are certainly able to meet the demand as it comes in. We don’t have the significant backlog we finished Q2 with.
Dan Behrendt: I think the service – we are talking about the service plans increasing the – I am sorry, decreasing the length of the upgrade cycle.
Dan Behrendt: That’s primarily on the Weapons side. The upgrade cycle on the camera side is actually kind of built-in, because the majority of our customers on the Axon side actually choose service plans that include automatic upgrades that happen every 2.5 to 3 years. So, that’s kind of baked into the service plan.
Dan Behrendt: And so, yes, it’s something like 80% are choosing those plans. So, it’s really that same dynamic we are trying to replicate over in the weapons side of the house. Now we don’t have a lot of data, because those agencies really are just maybe in the next year starting to come up, the first agencies, who went on these service plans 5 years ago. But I would say, as long as we have got compelling new products for them, cops really like weapons. I mean, it’s an important part of what they do and we are pretty confident that what we have identified is the budget cycles have a main impediment, but if we are bringing on compelling new product offerings and they have already got a budget line item assigned to it, yes, we think that really should help accelerate it, but we do – it’s still too early for us to have statistically relevant data on that.
Dan Behrendt: So typically, we will recognize the handle and the cartridges delivered upfront. There is a couple of different TASER safety plans, one that includes just a few cartridges, one that includes more cartridges, depending on which plan people will record with a hand on the cartridges with the sell-in and then record a long-term receivable. TASER recognized overtime is the warranty.
Dan Behrendt: Yes. And a lot of it will depend on how many of the TASER 60 programs we sell. I think one of the things we are seeing at least early on is that people are buying more weapons at upfront. So, instead of buying, say a fifth of their arsenal each year for 5 years, they buy them all upfront, because the cash flow impact is the same and they can sort of upgrade their entire installed base at the same time. So – and as a result, we sell more cartridges at that point as well. So, I think it’s – certainly, we will see how it flushes out, but we see this as being just a big net positive for just the weapon segment in total.
Dan Behrendt: Yes. It’s definitely stronger than we expected. And again, I think that these subscription plans are making a difference. I think they are helping to drive business and helping to make the overall deal sizes a little bit bigger. So again, some of this is potentially buying. Our cash flows maybe are going to be as reflective as the deal size because people are paying over time. And on a revenue perspective, we are seeing just larger revenues because people are gravitating towards these plans and buying more products.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we expect – I think the one-time catch-up is one of the reasons we expect it to be relatively flat because we had some items that certainly helped Q3. So we think Q4 will be in line with Q3.
Dan Behrendt: Yes. I will start with the last part. We didn’t say the exact growth. We did narrow the spread between the booked seats, which we disclosed and the active paid seats. We don’t disclose the exact number for the active paid seats. But Q3 was benefited from few things. One is the catch-up service revenue of $1.7 million. So that certainly helped and then the fact that we had a lot of the cameras that we shipped in Q2, were shipped in June. So you saw a lot of those cameras come in through the service revenue in the third quarter along with the 30,000 cameras we shipped in the quarter. So I think that really led to almost a – roughly a 50% increase in the ARR. And as a result, we are seeing that in the quarterly service revenue.
Dan Behrendt: Well, we are certainly continuing to add sales people both domestically and internationally. We are starting to pay attention more to the bookings growth versus the GAAP revenue sales, just because GAAP has to be sort of a trailing indicator. The other thing I would say is that because we – with the much higher bookings we are seeing higher commission and variable selling expenses as well, which is part of what’s driving that as - and then we have got some additional marketing expenses.
Rick Smith: Yes. This is Rick. The – really, the subscription payment plans are really being well received. I think our three largest orders all came in on some sort of subscription plan. And in those, we have bundled together for the customer what they may like is it we are sort of taking a lot of the unpredictability out of the cost. So, we include things like warranty and service, but also 5 years worth of cartridges in many cases or at least in some of those plans. So that can also help drive the cartridge volume. So, it’s primarily domestic, I would say, is what was driving most of that volume.
Rick Smith: If I could add in there as well, Luke, this is Rick, obviously, we have seen some of the larger agencies this year start to expand towards full deployment with LAPD now moving towards putting TASERs out for every officer. But the mayor of Chicago has made comments that they are going to make TASERs available to all their frontline officers. We are hearing rumblings from some of the other largest agencies in the country that idea is really gaining traction in the world that we live in now. Frankly, with cameras everywhere, including the ones that cops are wearing everything that they can do to avoid using lethal force is becoming an imperative. So we see the expansion in the larger accounts and then these subscription plans are helping agencies accelerate their deployments. And we also feel pretty confident that that’s also going to accelerate the upgrade cycle, which if we can take the upgrade cycle from like an 8-year to 10-year proposition, which if you include people who haven’t upgraded, that’s maybe about where we are sitting today, if we can accelerate that down to a 5-year upgrade cycle, that basically doubles the size of the business over a 5-year time horizon in terms of the replacement cycle. So we think between that and the international segments that there is just still so much white space that we are feeling really good about the growth opportunities in the quarter.
Rick Smith: I would add in a little bit there, too. I would say that especially with things like RMS, we are going to continue to see some growth in R&D to support something that doubles the total available market. And I think given our position, where we are at now with this unique position of having the majority of the market now on our platform is our ability to develop and deploy, frankly a business that could match the size of our current Axon business. And it should be a lot more cost effective than it was to build that first business over the past 7 years or 8 years. That we – we are going to continue to see, I would say, some investment in R&D and then in the SG&A with international opportunities. We are really starting to see some fruit there, right. You are looking at what’s happening in the UK, Australia, in Canada and then we have got some of the non-English speaking countries that do some of the formative work we did over the last year, I think we will start to see next year. So we are continuing to watch things to make sure that the overall revenue growth trajectory of the business is heading the right direction such that the investments we are making are all being looked down on an ROI-type basis. And we will be getting back to you guys, obviously as we get into 2017. We are still kind of fleshing out our model. Frankly, part of what happened this year is the bookings growth in particular and the revenue growth really exceeded our internal expectations. So as the year went along, we were sort of recalibrating spend to sustain and augment the growth. So we are now going through really analyzing 2017, so we can give you some good numbers in the first part of the year.
Rick Smith: We put our security operations team hand in hand, so we were working with the customer, threat monitoring, monitoring network traffic and taking very proactive info set capabilities to help our customers out.
Rick Smith: And just to be super clear, the Seattle pricing is consistent with prior contracts. So – and hen one other thing I would add is it’s not just about – your question talks about quality. This isn’t just about quality. It’s really about capabilities. I think fundamentally, what we are competing with are camera vendors selling cameras. The majority of our investments has been around the integrated hardware-software experience. And unfortunately, we had New York and frankly Phoenix PD, both just kind of tested cameras and priced out cameras and like the price of cheap cameras. We are doing everything we can. And frankly, I don’t think those are fully baked yet, where some of the people are asking questions, given the complexity of deploying thousands of cameras, maybe a field trial is in order. And it’s not just again the quality of the cameras, it’s the full ecosystem of information management and sharing. There is a pretty rich enterprise software program on the back end of this. And once we get agencies looking at that, there is no one else in the market that can deliver on it. Now of course, everybody can put together a PowerPoint that says, we are in the cloud and we will do this. And sure, we will have docks that connects the cloud by sometime in the middle of next year if you give us the deal, it’s a whole lot different when people ask to deliver on it. And one of the things that we – our customers will tell you and we take great pride in, our customers do not fail. We do not allow them to fail. And that’s a combination of the investments we made in technology, but also customer service and support and field engineers and sales engineers and training staff. And all of that has to come together for a large scale program to roll out effectively.
Rick Smith: Yes. I think so the London Met was included in bookings. There was a little bit of a small true-up in the quarter. They are a very strategic customer for us, as we have talked about. Some of the dynamics in first mover agencies, beachhead accounts in international agencies, maybe on a more different or aggressive pricing model, but we are not going to shine a lot of visibility on it frankly, for strategic reasons.
Rick Smith: Yes. And really what we are setting up here is a record management system is the core ERP of a law enforcement agency. So, these things have very longer sales cycles and long implementation timelines historically. So, we are beginning the process now of discussions with our customers and frankly getting them the opportunity to be participants in how we are developing and with how we are prioritizing the features of this, but ultimately if you think about it today records and police work are primarily text-based. It’s the cops who need computer typing about stuff. That’s sort of the world of 50 years ago, right? We used to get our news and information reading the newspaper. Now, we are totally transitioned where we are consuming multimedia information, photos, videos, whether it’s Snapchat, or frankly watching a game on TV as opposed to reading a newspaper about a sports game. Similarly, a law enforcement activity or report, when you can show people a video, it is a 1,000 times more informative and more credible and more transparent than anything you could ever achieve with all the time we spent creating paperwork. And so what we basically have announced is a vision that says we are going to use these videos to be your report and we will extract from those videos the information that needs to be searchable and shareable and redefining what a police report is for the 21st century. And I would say that vision absolutely struck a nerve where customers were like, yes, I had one guy I think the Minnesota chief came up to me, he was emotional and he was like I have been talking about this for 10 years. It seems like it’s finally happening. But we are early in the process, where we have the June conference, where we are going to be showing sort of the initial product and helping customers help us iterate on it, but you don’t expect this to be a revenue product in the short-term, but it can be a very large one in the long-term.
Rick Smith: Got it. So, what we think about it, all the information that we would ever need for a police report is based on what an officer sees, hears and thinks during an incident. Our cameras can capture what he sees and hears and with a little bit of dictation, we can capture what he thinks or what the perceptions were. So, very – really, this is about – our sensor is doing the information gathering into the back end. Now, where we need a lot of customer input is what are the most important features early on and what should the user experience feel like and what do they want to dictate versus what they do want to type and where do you selections and drop-down menus? And this isn’t going to happen overnight where we have this incredible artificial intelligence robot or agent that’s able to watch the videos and write the reports for us. So, there is sort of an element of crawl, walk, run, as we move into the end state, where ultimately we do want to get to where the AI tools that are so rapidly evolving or machine learning and natural language transcription sort of the big data use your buzzword of the day, all these technologies that are rapidly advancing in sort of the core tech industries. For us, it’s the sort of magic here is we don’t – we are not going to develop all those groundbreaking tools, but it’s us mapping them on top of the right user experience that’s appropriate given the maturity of the technology today and developing the user interface that just works for a street cop with minimal training. So, just one quick example, one of the first things we launched is transcription. So, our customers can now mark any video or any segment of the video and say, I want this transcribed. Now in the future, we would love to have a computer do that transcription, but the fact is today computers are not that great at transcription, particularly of sort of messy audio like you would get in a police report. So, that is – we have taken that business process and we have managed that through a partnership, with a partner that has lots of people that are court certified transcriptionists. And in many states, actually if you are going to submit a video to court, you have to have a transcription. Well, now for our customer, that’s as simple as clicking a button. You have to pay for it. We have all the back end of transporting that through court-certified transcriptionists and it will the next day or so magically show up in Evidence.com. So again, this is sort of mapping that what level of things can we do with technology versus people services and then taking that into the future and having a good strategy and good understanding of where the right technologies meet the right customer needs at the right point of maturity.
Rick Smith: The other thing I would say is any time you are doing a big purchase there is a certain amount of bureaucracy that they have to navigate. And one thing that we are finding resonates well with them is, if you are going to navigate that bureaucracy, go get special one-time dollars. You could spend that same amount of effort to get budgetary approval to put it in your budget and now you are not going to have to go fight that fight every time you want to upgrade your equipment. And there is real benefit to these guys, like great this is one – they can see it can be a future pain point that’s eliminated because they sort of plan for this as an ongoing program, not something you just buy once and then have to deal with it again down the road. And that goes for both of us.
Rick Smith: Which also really helps the upgrade program since a lot of these guys are like, well I want to – I have got maybe for some years upgrading, I have got 500 TASERs, now I want to upgrade them, but I can only afford to do 100 this year. And we say, great, guess what if you can just put us in your budget, we will give you the 500 now and then un-stick the deal because otherwise, they will think, now we have got to support two different weapons in the field, two different types of training. Here, we can say, look you got a clean program cutoff what’s upgraded all your officers and pay for it over time. And so that deal, otherwise might not happened at all because of the sort of complexity of having a mix fleet of devices.
Rick Smith: Yes. I hate to say this. I think it’s premature for us to comment on either of those, but just at this point, I do know that we would have – it partly depends on how wide and complex the initial version of the product has to be to meet customer requirements. If it turns out that a fairly narrow product that covers the 80% of interactions they have is sufficient, then that’s going to be launched sooner than if they – if what we learn with customers is no, no, no we need to even have these hedge cases covered before we could upgrade to it. And then in terms of pricing, those are decisions we are going to refine based on how the products evolves. So we know that it will be a significant incremental – there are budgets for this today and of some courses from law enforcement, our ultimate pricing, I think is going to turn it – depend on strategically how we can determine the best make that work for customers.
Rick Smith: Thanks, everybody. Obviously, exciting day for us here, I appreciate it. I saw some comments on line back and forth, we have got some shareholders who’ve been with us for a while sort of exuberated today’s results. Delighted we could surprise you with some great results here. But surprised us as well as our customers continue to just really find value in what we are doing together. So everybody have a fantastic holiday season. Happy Thanksgiving, and look forward to talking to you all in 2017.
