Rick Smith: Well, certainly I think the UK is getting to a point of maturity where we could start to see meaningful orders this year. France we’ve got to just frankly get little more engaged there with the customer they have 8,000 weapons that are I think they were eight or nine years old.
Rick Smith: So we see a real need for them to upgrade those I’d like to hope we can make some progress on that in a relatively short-term. Italy is a brand new market for us but there we got the largest lease force in Europe side okay that one is more of a long-term. So the general idea here is really more to start momentum I don’t think I’m going to be closing orders per se but what we are finding is these international agencies are really large compared to the U.S. like the City of London is considered a small agency in UK It has got a 1,000 officers here in the U.S. we call that a pretty good sized agency. For example the result of some of the work goes down in UK I was invited into the London Met to do a session on leadership during transformation of an organization. So this had nothing to do with sales per se but the London Met is going through their own transformational project right now and I think that’s not something that typically they would invite sales rep in to do something like that. And that gave me access to something like a top-150 leaders now of course I’m very careful in those things not to try and head into a sale pitch but really to try to be a helpful thought partner but I think that really resonates with these agencies more so than the product per se because most lease agencies around the world I think are struggling with the same problems. They are very far behind technologically I mean actually this past quarter the NYPD had put in I guess $1 million line item to replace their typewriters and that resulted in a City Counsel New York actually banning typewriters from the NYPD or putting in a motion to do so. And that’s not a uniquely American problem. So I know it is a little bit of a long winded answer I’m not going over there to sign contract and celebrate big orders that are already baked. This is setting the foundation for the long-term. And also we are using this as sort of a forcing function like we did in the UK this kind of helps focus the team on getting new hires in place. So we have the team in place to continue to follow-up as we start each market.
Rick Smith: One thing I would add is well Dan is that that number is just the software and storage services. So, additionally the people that go on these new hiring license tiers are also signing for some pretty significant sort of monthly deferred revenue related to hardware and warranty services.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, obviously we won’t have any calls like today. I’d like to congratulate the whole TASER team and our new AXON group out in Seattle to the great quarter. We look forward to seeing you all at our shareholder meeting in Seattle. You’ll get a sneak peak of our new facility up there. We’ll be quite ready for move in until June but those of you who have been to our headquarters in Scottsdale know that we take great pride in putting together a unique and compelling work environment. We are doing some similar work in Seattle. Come on up check it out and meet some of all these new people we’ve been hiring. Everybody have a great day and we’ll see you in a few weeks in Seattle.
Dan Behrendt: Yes it’s a fairly wide range. And some of the new offerings that are actually pushing out the lease to top-end of that, so our basic service starts at $15 plus stores. So sort of assume and sort of the low end of the marquee may be at $20 or $22 probably closer to $20 before discounting and then our highest tier for the highest tier service with unlimited storage and integrations would be $65 per month before any discounting. So there is fairly wide range there but obviously hopefully we can drive people into programs like the unlimited storage program with AXON Ultimate with unlimited storage or officer safety program are both some of the higher tier programs. And as we get traction of those higher tier programs hopefully that can start moving the need. The other thing I would sort of that we are very cognoscente of is that that install base gets bigger and bigger it’s going to be harder to sort of move it dramatically in one quarter it’s going to be more of a trend overtime just because you have got that large install base.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, sure. So I think -- so on the software side we’re really encouraged to see that sort of 65% margin for the quarter and that’s mostly driven by the fact that we sort of we finally got to sort of that critical mass where we’re starting to see the benefit of our variable cost of one more sort of user in the system versus variable cost of delivering that and that’s why that improved so much this quarter as we sort of craft on [indiscernible] we are really seeing that benefit. On the hardware side we did benefit a little bit this quarter. We had as you know we took a large reserve last quarter and for some excess and obsolete inventory. We were able to reverse a little bit of that this quarter about $200,000 which improved the margins. So that’s -- those margin on a normalized basis would have been closer to 25% this quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Well I think it’s partly based on that ARPU as we move that ARPU up I think that’s got the ability to expand margins. A lot of these advanced features will drive people to those higher tiers there is not a lot of variable cost to delivering it there is a lot of R&D cost but our cost to service a customer on the ultimate plan is not that different from customers in some of the lower tiers. So if we move that ARPU up I think that that 65% can improve overtime. Certainly, if you looked at other sort of SaaS companies we certainly have the ability to move that up now I would say that probably unique or somewhat unique to TASER is the fact that we also have storage which is going to be a little bit of a lower margin product overtime just because of the efficiencies of what customers would expect to pay for storage. But overall we’re very happy with the 65% and hopefully we can improve that overtime as we see that ARPU go up.
Dan Behrendt: No. That’s a good question. As you know it we are sort of a book and ship business so it’s a little bit harder I can tell you that we did have a couple million dollars worth of orders that we expected in Q4 that just basically just missed and we were able to close those deals early in Q1 so there is a couple of million of stuff that’s we have trickled in from the fourth quarter that was pushed to the first. We pulled in probably another million plus of Q2 orders as well. So, we certainly benefit from that. As far as sort of the seasonally it’s almost hard you get some of those positive sort of lumpiness in a quarter it sort of mutes some of that normal seasonal trends just because the Q1 is typically one of our weaker quarters from a seasonality perspective and we exceeded even our own expectations for the quarter with these results.
Dan Behrendt: Yes Steve, this is Dan I think it’s a little bit of both. Certainly these newer pricing tiers are new and there is a kind of a long sales cycle for our really both products but certainly the video product has a new capability there is a long sales cycle that goes with it. So, I could tell you that the new pricing tiers have been well received by customers that we presented them to, and over the next several quarters hopefully we’ll see more deals close at those pricing tiers as those sales cycles come to a close and we start getting orders for those higher tiers.
Dan Behrendt: Yes it is tough to make a exact prediction we certainly feel very comfortable that we’re going to see strong year-over-year growth on total year to total year as you know it’s very deal dependent so each quarter is we don’t want to put too much weight on an individual quarter for that reason but we feel that the macro trends are great for us. As Luke said earlier we see this market forming this year so we think that certainly as we look at the market and our pipeline we’re very happy with where we sit right now.
Dan Behrendt: Well actually it is a tough question I would say that the international is probably still the bulk of those are still net new deployments just because you've got so much wide space internationally the OPP iskind of a good example where they have legalized the carriers TASER weapons for patrol officers now so yes some of those are replacements for supervisor weapons but the fact that you can now sort of open up the market certainly makes that a net new capability for a lot officers out there I'd say in the U.S. I think our tele sales has done a really nice job I think there is probably some wide space that those guys are capturing as well just you know being in front of customers and provide a great service we think that's enabled some of these agencies that are say some of the 100 go from maybe same kind of thing where you are going from sort of supervisors to wire deployment is because they I think we're just more top of mind so it's definitely a mix in the U.S. as you know there is still a fair amount of wide space we still have some large cities that are under representative of TASER hopefully some of the indications from like LA last year as they started fielding more of the TASER weapons and their desire to put a TASER in a camera and officer will see that trend continue in some of the other big cities for a lot of wide spaces.
Dan Behrendt: On the international front yes certainly there are some really big opportunities internationally. Historically we’ve not seen them -- I’m not been happy that we’ve been to pull those opportunities into the boat and certainly that’s part of the reason for the renewed focus there. I’d say the other thing is, in the U.S. I’ve been doing thought leadership type stuff speaking at key conferences et cetera, it’s being less and less that really involved in individual sales call frankly I’d say the caliber of our sales team is dramatically higher than it was just a few years ago and the team here is really hitting on all cylinders across the board. So certainly as we’ve got our teles doing great we’ve also added what we sort of call, junior reps in each region to focus on the middle tier and then our senior regional reps are focusing on the largest agencies and as we increase that level of focus I think we’re seeing improvements across the board.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, sure. So, on the video segment we have about $200,000 pick up on the hardware revenues, or hardware gross margins. So on a normalized basis the hardware margin for video would have been closer to 25%.
Luke Larson: That’s for next quarter we see the business as happening now I am sure you saw on the news we had a presidential candidate Hillary Clinton called for body cams events that are occurring in Baltimore we feel now is the time to build out the sales teams and capitalize on that momentum.
Luke Larson: Yes I would add in as well we are really trying to shift the focus on the conversation with our customers sort of away from the idea of upgrading what you have to expanding TASER's for everybody that come on guys in 2015 every cop that goes out there with a gun should have a TASER and probably I camera now so that's why we shifted towards the standard issue grant program where we’re giving basically from an investor perspective think about as sort of a replacement for our old training programs well now the incentives are if you want to get the $100 to $400 per officer you basically you have to step up and make TASER standard issue so that every officer coming out of the academy gets one and they can show to us some sort of plan that they are giving every officer on patrol a TASER a camera or both. So as we have shifted that focus and then also frankly the logistics costs of having people send stuff in just so we can destroy it here so I’d say our visibility on what's operating and what are not is kind of dropping and so we’re not really just really focusing on that a whole lot as we shift to this focus of every officer getting a TASER.
Luke Larson: We don’t have that we haven’t really disclosed exactly where it is coming out of certainly as you see more of these ultimate deals that some of that backlog is going to be hardware for future cameras and anybody in the ultimate plan is going to get a camera it is a 2.5 and 5 year mark so that is definitely included in the number, so we will see fairly it will certainly be a mix on a go forward basis the deals that are not on those ultimate plans is going to be all software on those deals so it's going to be a mix I would say if that's something that is interesting we can take a look at that but it's not something that we’re ready to talk specifically to today.
Luke Larson: Yes I mean I would say it is probably the way that we maybe encourage investors to look at that as look at the sort of user count and sort of we've got the 80% or so attachment rate and sort of look at how that approximately 22,000 user count at the end of Q1 and how that grows overtime and just the fact that we're seeing about a 65% margin on the service side today I think that makes for a pretty good case just as that user count grows throughout this year and into next year so we see that will be that the AXON business gross margin should continue to improve so you will see improvement in mix you see a greater percentage of their total sales coming from the licenses versus the hardware which should improve the overall profitability at least on a gross margin line for that business.
Luke Larson: Yes. So on the first question, our tele team has just done a phenomenal job servicing what I would call the long tail of the market. As you know we’ve got 10,000 agencies in the U.S. that are very small and so our tele team has been servicing these agencies that are 1 to 25 officers that have historically not been actively service from the sales perspective. And so we certainly benefited from pulling some of that revenue in.
