Dan Behrendt: Yes, so go ahead and – in the case you’re willing to or like to ask a question and the operator will get you in the queue.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan, I can take that one Rick. Yeah, I think the kind of a typical evident flow with the cartridges I can tell you that a large part of that $1.6 million of orders are received in the fourth quarter that will be recognized in the first quarter are for cartridges. And if we’d included those in a numbers then it would have been closer to this kind of levels you’d expect. So it’s just a little bit of a timing difference both which is sort of ebb and flow through the year and also this is the fact and we get some of those in late in the year and that will recognized in 2012.
Dan Behrendt: We'll disclose out with the filing in the case. so the only thing after this one will be the unit volume now.
Dan Behrendt: We are – the TASER Cam HD is now shipping. So it is out in the marketplace. We do have some agencies that have significant TASER Cam deployment that are testing the TASER Cam HD right now. Obviously, we’re hoping that we can get them through that testing and evaluation process in the first quarter, if not then we could see that [bumps slightly] in the second quarter, but it is now shipping.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, sure. So basically we’ve written down the inventory to the quality that we take we can sell through in the next two years. So to the extent that what we sell is sort of add or under that quantity there is – it will be just sort of a normal sale. For some reason the demand for that product is greater than we expected we’d actually have a higher profit, because we’d have – you’d think put back in inventories and sold that we were previously written off. But right now, our expectation is though this flow through this P&L in a normal way so we basically just written down to the number of units we expect to sell through.
Rick Smith: Well, at this point having a pre-release orders for almost 600 units, basically what you’re seeing is virtually everybody that had the previous unit is going to be converting over and having the Bay Area Rapid Transit Police placing an order for all of their options full deployment right out of the gate, we see is real helpful indicators. In terms of other specific quantifiable indicators I think you’re just going to have to keep an eye on order flow over the coming weeks as we continue to now go out and market and sell the product. So, I think the pre-orders were helpful. Most of what we have at this point is unfortunately qualitative in nature. I met with 50 or so chiefs at the ISCP where we showed Flex. I would characterize it, 48 out of 50 really reacted positively that they thought this was “the right product now” they felt our first-generation didn’t look like it was ready for prime time that they thought it was looked a bit prototypy and that the technology wasn’t quite there. But again, that's obviously just a qualitative metric where you’re just going to have to watch order flow as it develops in the bookings over the coming quarters.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Let me also, I want to add one more insight to the last answer on Flex, I mean the market when you said that even with the first generation, it seemed promising, I would say that was true in the marketplace conceptually, it was promising and well received the stumbling blocks were the execution that’s the first generation hardware just wasn't fully baked and that was really what was holding us back. So I think what hasn't changed is that it makes sense is just the implementation now is something that officers are reacting very positively to rather than the old hardware. Now shifting gears to the X2, we do have a number of things we’ll be announcing over the course of the year to continue to drive the upgrades one of course, that we’re talking about today was extending a phased approach to trade in credits. What we are seeing customers do that have units at more than five years old. These are the same agencies that have cut back on all older capital purchasing. They’re driving cars that are beyond their typical useful life. They’re not replenishing many of their supplies just given the budgetary environment. So what we’ve seen so far is they’re just continuing to use their existing inventory. And part of that is also that the training in transition costs to transition over to the new weapon platform. It’s just sometime for example that’s what I’m talking about with the customer here in Florida and that one of the first agencies that went full deployment with the X2. So I’m down here to learn about what their transition is look like. We’re streamlining online training components, so that they don’t spend it much time with officers, coming office, [reading] classrooms where we’re training, and this was logistical issue. So I mean the budget availability and the logistics of making a change have been sort of a two things that have slow the adoption to the level that we’re at now and obviously we’re looking everything we can do to help remove those obstacles and accelerate adoption over the course of the year.
Rick Smith: Yes, we are. We’ll provide more detail on the next conference call, but I can tell you dramatically one of the things that we’re doing is actually going to be sending, I love the term to used missionary (inaudible) the Founder and CEO of sales force used that same term with sales force expanded internationally, one of the things that they found was sending teams of people that really were trusted lieutenants within the existing organization over to help to bring up overseas capabilities was an important element of their business expansion. and that’s a play that Jeff Kukowski, our Chief Marketing Officer who is actually poising that independently of some of the reasons which I will do in that space. So part of the plan, we’ll involve taking some of our thought leaders that are part of our North American team and relocating teams of folks into key international markets to work with local agents, distributors, consultants, et cetera. and making sure that the approach to global sales is more integrated into the DNA of the company and we have teams of smart dedicated people who know the technology and have TASER in their bloodstream are end market focused and in understanding those markets and growing [them for us]. But it’s not going to be a huge budgetary, I’ll tell you the thing that we’re not planning on doing is going out and hiring a whole raft of new international sales people called – we don’t think that that’s the right approach. We do see, again, TASER is a bit of missionary, so it’s – our distributors that we’ve analyzed bit of done very well, tend to be focus distributors, small teams of people that don’t carry a lot of product lines, but they live and breath TASER and that’s the model we need to replicate, this isn’t something we’re going to big full line international sales import, export companies is very successful. we need people that are willing to break eggs to make me omlette so to speak and overcome the obstacles of introducing new technologies and of course, that team will also be focused on AXON Flex and eventually Evidence.com. Although Evidence.com will not as focused internationally, the Patriot Act executes quite a hurdle to selling cloud services internationally, because most international police departments don’t want to have their data in the U.S. because of the Patriot Act. So our initial [query] internationally will be focused on selling the camera hardware and then as we see opportunities for Evidence.com that is one of the advantages of working with the Amazon Web Services. They do have a number of international data centers that we can spin up with the relatively light lift compared to going out and building out our own infrastructure internationally. But that that will be the latter half of the year certainly before we need to get our focus on Evidence.com traction here in North America first.
Rick Smith: May 24th. So again, we’d invite everybody to come out to see, touch and feel some of the new products and I’ll join (inaudible) on the 24th of May. So thanks, and everybody have a great day.
