Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick, and good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to start today's remarks on a personal note. In June, I celebrated my 15th year work anniversary at Axon. In 2009, Axon, the name TASER, was much smaller carrying a market cap of $245 million. It is a testament to Rick's vision and leadership that Axon is in a much different place today both in terms of size and impact. I feel very lucky to have been part of this awesome team for so long, and I'm thrilled to witness the tremendous results driven by such a talented and mission-oriented group of individuals. I'm pleased to report that our team delivered again in Q2, and we feel great about the momentum we are seeing in the second half and beyond. While Rick continues to focus on our vision and make sure that we're headed in the right direction, I continue to focus my time on our execution and ensuring we have the right team to help us achieve that vision over the long term. I have a few updates from the quarter that I am particularly excited to share. First, we achieved record second quarter revenue and bookings. It was our first quarter with over $500 million in revenue, a number that represented our full year revenue just a few years ago. We booked over $1 billion in new business, closed our largest-ever contract with the US state and local customer, closed our largest-ever corrections deal, and we are seeing an uptake in our -- an uptick in our international momentum. Our international bookings are up 100% year-to-date versus last year. And just a couple weeks ago, we signed our largest records contract ever with that segment. Next, I'll briefly share some detail on where we are seeing accelerating demand for our products. Our new introductions over the past year have ignited. TASER 10 is the fastest selling TASER device in our history. Not only is demand pacing at over 2x the rate of TASER 7 on the order side, but we've able -- we've been able to scale shipments each quarter since launch. We've eclipsed more than 100,000 units shipped, and we have a long runway ahead. Something I find particularly encouraging here is that our top four TASER 10 deals have come from customers outside of our US state and local customer base. We have a massive TASER user base within state and local, but we also see strong demand from our customers, in other segments like federal, international, and from corrections customers as well. The order book for TASER 10 is strong across the board. In Q2, we shipped the most body cameras we've ever shipped in a single quarter. Along with TASER 10, Axon Body 4, and our expanding set of premium software, adoption of our Officer Safety Plan is growing as seven of our top 10 domestic deals in the quarter included premium Officer Safety Plan options. Finally, we are seeing the early indicators of success supporting our investments in newer areas within our software business from revenue -- I'm sorry, revenue from productivity, AI products, real-time operations, and drones and robotics drove almost half of the growth in our software revenue in Q2. Early traction within Draft One is a great example. In the three months since launch, Draft One has generated over $100 million of pipeline, the fastest of any Axon software product to do so. We believe demand for products like Draft One will only grow from here. Halfway through the year, we are pleased to be well-positioned to deliver another year of growth and sustained impact. However, we're on to the next play and nobody is letting up. We have a fantastic opportunity to deliver a similar bookings number over the next six months that we achieved in the entire 2023 campaign. The team is relentlessly focused on executing, and we're excited to show what we can do in the second half. Over to you, Brittany.
Josh Isner: Sure thing. Thanks for the question, Trevor. Well, I'd say it's really the convergence of a couple things that we've been working on for a couple years now. Number one is getting the team right. I think, this is the strongest international team we've had. We've made some new additions to the team in 2024, not only with Cameron Brooks, our CRO, but with some of -- some new leadership in Europe, some new country managers. And I think that's already showing a different level of rigor and intensity than we've had kind of across the board historically. So, very excited about that. I think number two, TASER 10 is really us -- allowing us to start and restart conversations around TASER adoption. And it's driving a lot of interest in a lot of the core markets. I think the market is more -- moving more in the direction of cloud now, especially certain markets internationally. And I think we've been opportunistic there and continue to grow the pipeline. And so, I think those are really the three big things. The last one that is kind of a continual effort is making sure we're focused on the right places. I think at times, historically, we've gone a little off kilter with the volume of opportunities and that's affected our execution. And I think at this point in time, we are really locked in on the places we have strong conviction we can be successful and we're investing in those areas and the team is doing a great job in executing in those geographies. And so, I think all those factors are really contributing to the great results we're seeing internationally. I would say, like, we're still on -- very much in our own territory here, looking down the whole field. We've got a ton of opportunity here. And this is going to be essentially the low point of our international results this year and a ton of opportunity to build on into the future here, especially with the right team in place now. So, very excited about what the future holds for international.
Josh Isner: Sure thing. Thanks for the question. Ultimately, the pipeline is very strong. Of course, that's something we track as a company and as a sales team. And it all comes down to just the conviction that we have and how accurate it is. And look, like, we have the best sales team in this industry. The sales team is one of our strongest teams in the company, and I would bet on them all day. And so, I think we are going to have a massive back half in terms of bookings. We see the pipeline everywhere across the business, but more importantly, the names next to the pipeline are names that I have a ton of conviction and belief in, and I think everyone's going to be really pleased to see what the team is -- puts up in Q3 and Q4 here.
Josh Isner: No. I think the beauty -- like Rick just described, is the fact that adopting one product often opens up increased value for the next product to come in and solve an additional problem. So the bridge from respond to transcription to Draft One, and I think we will see that in other parts of the business. Rick mentioned real-time operations and participating in that market to a larger extent. I think there's similar opportunities there between Respond and other AI offerings to drive additional value and solve additional problems. So, I think it really nicely fits together when one solution leads to the next.
Josh Isner: Great. I might just add there as well, I think, state and local is a little different than federal, international and enterprise. Whereas, I think we've talked about this historically where for in state and local, what we really, really need to be good at is building new products and then upselling them into that market. And I think the team Draft One's a great example of that, and the team's doing a very nice job of that. In other markets, it's about taking products that we've already built and selling them in as kind of the first product into those new markets. And I think we're at varying levels of that across international, federal and enterprise, but it's still the same motion. And from there the adoption of one product leads to the next and the next and the next. So I think, it's two very different motions between state and local and the rest of our business, but the team's doing a really nice job of executing on those in parallel.
Josh Isner: One thing I might add there is just also that while we're super excited about the adoption and momentum within public safety, Fusus just represents this awesome opportunity in enterprise as well. And, I think that in terms of having a product that right now is so relevant for a lot of our enterprise customers and could be the first product they buy from Axon. And then, like, the motion we're talking about before, that opening the door to dams and body cams and additional solutions down the road. Fusus very much is proving to be that. And we're super excited about the kind of path that it's creating for us in the enterprise space as well.
Josh Isner: I think Rick said this before, and I certainly agree with it. I don't know if it's in the next 5 years, but in the next 10, we believe there'll be a one-to-one relationship between drones and police cars.
Josh Isner: Yeah, absolutely. Thanks, Will. Good to see you. It is exciting to see so much adoption and growth outside of state and local. I'd say there's -- the biggest dynamic in play there is in corrections even, but then more so in federal and in international, you just end up with these customers that are 2 times, 3 times, 4 times the size of NYPD. And so, the pension for large volume orders is so much larger outside of the state and local customer base. And that's what we're starting to see. We saw a large correction -- correctional facility purchase. We're also seeing a lot of international governments for the first time really ordering our devices in larger volumes, and same for the federal government and the federal civilian space. So, I think it's a function of just the work we've put in over the last five years to expand beyond state and local law enforcement. And now a lot of those -- a lot of that effort is starting to pay off, and I think it will pay off for years to come because there's still going to be plenty of upside in selling more and more TASER devices in. But like we said before, that's going to kind of open up the opportunity to sell body cameras in, to sell fleet in, sell drones, VR, et cetera. And so, I think this is promising in a lot of different ways to see TASER 10 so well adopted outside of the state and local customer base.
Josh Isner: And I'd just add to that, Rick, that one of the really nice things that make us feel really good at Axon is our products save lives, and they also save money. And so for customers to move away from our products, it very literally is costing them money to do so and will make their economic situation worse, not better. And I think our customers understand and appreciate that. And certainly, we work really hard to make sure that our products deliver that type of value for our customers.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. As both Rick and Josh highlighted, we had a great quarter. We grew revenue 35% year-over-year on top of 31% growth in the same quarter last year, and we delivered strong adjusted EBITDA. I am particularly impressed that the growth comes from all our business segments, driven by our powerful ecosystem. Our customer-centric approach solves real problems, which drives us to innovate, and you can see those results in the business. Cloud and Services remains the fastest-growing segment at 47% year-over-year. Our software growth stands out and has continued to drive mix shift with 39% of revenue coming from software and services in Q2, up from 35% last year and 29% the year before. TASER 10 and Axon Body 4 also contributed an impressive 28% year-over-year growth in both our TASER and sensors product categories. These products are performing incredibly well and we're still in the early innings. Overall, our future contracted revenue sits at approximately $7.4 billion, which is up 41% year-over-year, and ARR of $850 million is up 44% year-over-year, while maintaining 122% net revenue retention. Along with continuing strength in Axon Evidence, the new products we talk about are helping drive our consistently high NRR. Adjusted gross margin of 62.5% increased by 10 basis points year-over-year. This was supported by mix in our software business, as well as the benefits of automation in our TASER business. We cleaned up some of our older inventory on the sensor side, given the better-than-expected demand for AB4, which was a partial offset to our strong gross margin in the quarter. At this point though, we expect to see stable gross margins for these segments going forward and expect overall gross margin around this level for the remainder of the year. Below the gross margin line, we continue to focus on scaling the business, both to drive profitability and to successfully deliver on our top-line growth. This has included adding a new manufacturing facility to increase production capacity for TASER devices and cartridges, as well as integrating our acquisitions and investing in R&D. We've been able to invest in and grow the business while driving operating efficiency. Increased revenue, gross margin, and operating efficiency drove adjusted EBITDA to $123 million, which was 24.5% margin in the quarter, up 270 basis points year-over-year, and surpassing our highest level in over three years. We also had free cash flow conversion above 60% in the quarter, leading to $75 million of adjusted free cash flow. Turning to our outlook, we are pleased to raise guidance again on both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Our full year 2024 expected revenue guidance is increasing to $2 billion to $2.05 billion, which represents 29.5% annual growth at the midpoint. This is up from our prior guidance of $1.94 billion to $1.99 billion, which represented approximately 26% annual growth at the midpoint. And it's a result of the strong performance we saw in Q2 and the strong pipeline in the second half of the year. We expect full year 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $460 million to $475 million, implying an adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.1% at the midpoint. This is up from our prior adjusted guidance of $430 million to $445 million and it expands our expected margin by 80 basis points. The increase in our adjusted EBITDA guidance includes better-than-expected performance in Q2 and our increased expectations for the remainder of the year. Consistent with last quarter, our guidance incorporates an immaterial amount of revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin impact from our planned acquisition of Dedrone, which we still expect to close in the current year. Overall, we saw strength across the board on the P&L, shipped a record number of tasers and body cameras, generated strong cash flow, made additional investments into our drone partnerships and remain on track to close Dedrone, and strengthened our bookings pipeline for the back half of the year to record numbers. I'd say we're quite proud of this quarter, and I want to give a huge thank you to the incredible team we have for making it all happen. And with that, I would like to open it up to questions.
Brittany Bagley: I can start and then maybe turn it over to Rick who I know is incredibly excited about this. But we made the call out this quarter that we're both seeing terrific continued growth from our evidence.com product, but we're also seeing increasing contributions to the growth from our other suite of software products, and that's really across the board in those other categories. So, calling out productivity and AI and all of those pieces. We did call out the Draft One. While we're incredibly excited about the pipeline with over $100 million in pipeline, it's not actually yet contributing to the revenue in the quarter. So, continues to be a big area of excitement going forward, but the tremendous increase you're seeing this quarter is really coming from the existing products that we've talked about.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. You got it. It's just timing. It depends on when the new revenue starts turning on in the quarter. And bookings in Q1 were relatively light as we go through the year, and so you just see that rolling into ARR in this quarter. So, I wouldn't read any more into it than that. We're still really happy with the 40%-plus year-over-year growth in that ARR number, and that's what we're looking at.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. I was happy to say, I think, our margins generally are starting to stabilize around the levels you're seeing them at now, and so that's both inside of our segments and for our overall gross margin. So, hopefully, some of the noise that we've been seeing in past quarters is stabilizing a bit. And I would say some of that benefit you're seeing in the TASER gross margin this quarter is, we've talked about automation coming online, and you're starting to see the benefits of that. So, I think you'll see that benefit going forward. And then, just as we go through the year, mix does always tend to move things up or down a little bit, both inside the segments and for the overall gross margins.
Brittany Bagley: Meta, the one thing I'd add to that is you asked about new product announcements. I would just say, like, you can imagine given the enthusiasm that Rick and Jeff and the teams are actively working on new products also. And so, like, yes, stay tuned for new areas that we develop and we go into in this in the future.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. I mean, I think that our domestic law enforcement business continues to just put up really incredible numbers and just deliver. And you see that from all of the things that the team has been talking about in terms of the ability to upgrade, to move on to OSP to continue making those migrations, but we are seeing great traction outside, right? Josh mentioned we had some big corrections wins. We're seeing big international wins, especially with TASER 10. Some of our biggest deals have been outside that domestic LE business. And so, we really are seeing nice traction in some of the other parts of the markets we've been investing in.
Brittany Bagley: I was going to throw some numbers in, but I think the enthusiasm covers it well. Keith, for us, Fusus is in our real-time operations group, as you heard the team talk about. And we did share that that grew over 100% in the quarter. So, it's continuing to perform really well and be one of the segments that's continue contributing to the growth in software outside of that evidence.com piece.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. I mean, great question. I'll start. It was a big step. You can probably see as you go back our steps jump around a bit for any number of reasons. And this happened to be a really nice quarter from a step standpoint. You also -- again, we talked a lot about Fusus, but you've got Fusus starting to come into those numbers and some good additions. So, I don't have particular go-forward guidance. And given this was the largest step, maybe take that into account as you think going forward. But really healthy growth, and we were happy to see it. And I'll let Jeff jump in on this one, too, probably as the owner of this segment, but yeah, we do, we think about revenue per seat, number of seats, and then a lot of the -- how many features and functions are each of these customers buying in terms of our add-on offerings.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. No, it's a great question. I think probably the best we can give is we give periodic updates on how we're doing on our OSP penetration to give a sense for how much more room do we have to go. And we actually luckily shared an update this quarter that our OSP penetration went above the 20% mark. And so basically, that's of all OSP, not just premium, but it means that just over 20% of our potential customers are on our OSP plans. You can imagine with that, there's lots of room to go. That talks more to getting any customer at all onto our OSP plan, but then as you think about revenue per customer, that can be the most basic plan, and we move them up to our OSP premium plans over time. So, my punchline has lots of room to go on that one.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Let me speak briefly. And then, Jeff, I might have you speak a little more in detail as well sort of the breakout of our current software. I tend to focus on the sort of the leading edge, and then as things kind of stabilize -- by the time they're bigger, I'm spending less of my time personally on them, and Jeff is really leading the large teams. Obviously, AI is a really interesting space right now. The -- what is -- what was impossible 18 months ago is now, frankly, easy in some cases. Things like Draft One is nearly magical in the user experience. The first time I turned it on was in, I think, February I got access to it in beta. I was at the Texas Department of Public Safety doing a demo -- actually, I probably shouldn't have given the exact name. Anyways, I was at a large agency in Texas doing a demo, and they were saying, "oh, there's no way this will work" with an East Texas accent. And they started teasing each other. And I said, "Well, I don't know. Let's try it." And we had this officer come up, and, literally, this guy could have been on Saturday Night Live. He did the best, like, kind of hillbilly voice skit, was completely non-linear in answering questions, was all over the place. I was sure it was going to be a disaster, and I was just shocked at how well the AI turned all of the nonsense into a professional looking report in, like, literally 15 seconds. And we're seeing that reaction from customers across the board. We had some customers say that the time savings alone from Draft One justifies paying for the entire Officer Safety Plan. So, while it's not -- because of the nature of these things, the -- we write contracts upfront. It takes time for the revenue to kick in. I think Draft One is a real accelerator. It brings transcription. You need to have respond. You have to have the wireless connectivity for us to be able to push this up to the cloud, have it ready in time. So, it pulls other products with it, and then there's a whole suite of other stuff that we are now working on across the board. I would just tell you, Jeff and I sat down, and we said -- we kind of pulled the emergency brake and said across the entire business, every team is now researching what are the AI possibilities that justify changing our priorities so that we're nimble and that we're moving things that our customers couldn't even imagine are now moving to the top -- a year ago, are now at the top of our product development priorities. So with that, Jeff, I don't know if you have anything else you want to add.
Rick Smith: Hey, Josh. If I could jump in as well, something that's really different in the past three months is AI. I met with a senior -- a very senior government leader in continental Europe in a country where everything I had heard up until now was cloud [indiscernible], just showing Draft One. And look, we're able to film it and do it in French, no problem, because the underlying large language models from OpenAI, like they handle 100 languages without breaking a sweat. And I had this presidential advisor look at me and said, I've never -- like, I've understood the value of the cloud historically. It's been somewhat compelling, but, like, this is a game changer. And when you think about the complexity of deploying AI at scale and the massive GPU clusters you're going to need and the connectivity into the cloud just eases all that. So, we've been almost religious about our cloud fervor. In the US, our customers told us early on the cloud was illegal and that we -- they couldn't do it. Of course, we pressed through that, and now it's become ubiquitous. Europe's been harder. They've been very resistant to the cloud, and we've stuck to our guns, but it's taken a lot longer than we thought. I think this is still theory. We haven't seen a [indiscernible], but the early reactions are AI services like Draft One and some of the new stuff you'll see in a few months, could be enough to tip it over and start to make the cloud sweep through the rest of the world that's been very resistant to it. That'll be a real game changer, if that pans out.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Hey. Let me actually double down on that one. Sorry to keep going Keith, but you wanted some more detail. So, Fusus, initially thought of it is, oh, this helps a police department connect to third-party cameras like a school or a business. Yes. It does that. But we've been really interested to learn is there's many large enterprises. Some are private businesses. Some are big federal government agencies that have hundreds or thousands of their own facilities. And over the last decades, they've installed a bunch of different systems at all these different facilities, and they can't even manage their own cameras. But with Fusus, they don't have to come in and reinstall it all. They can basically use this same sort of network, appliance. They can plug it in, and so you could have a large agency, whether it's public or private, suddenly they don't have to go replace all their cameras. With Fusus, they can aggregate those feeds themselves and be able to share it to public safety partners. So, that's where I think the magic is coming in. We're having enterprises that are looking at Fusus for their own internal use in addition to being able to partner with agencies. And I think, Brittany, I don't know if you wanted to add anything in terms of the numbers on this.
Rick Smith: I'm teasing, of course. Having a little fun with you. Always good to see you. Thanks for the question. I think the same dynamic we've seen in the past, we're in this kind of a bubble in some ways. And I mean, not like a frothy bubble, I mean just it's different. It's -- we haven't seen the economic swings really impact us one way or the other. When things are really great, it doesn't really lift us because of that. And when things are rough, we don't get hit downward with that. And I think it's because in our customer base, the -- whatever they're spending on tech, it's still a fraction of their overall spend. Almost all their money goes into personnel, vehicles and gas. And then, tech is relatively small. So, when times are really good, the agencies are typically hiring more people and expanding if the tax revenues are allowing it. In the tough times, I think in 2008, we had a quarter or two where they were really trying to like tighten their belt, but became clear, oh, yeah, we're going to have to actually make personnel cuts. We then found them investing more in productivity. And now back then, we are still primarily the TASER company, and body cameras were super new. I think what's different at this time, most of our revenues on these long-term contracts, we're an essential service, so we don't see agencies, better knock on wood when I say this, I can't fathom them like cutting back contracts. And in fact, things like Draft One, many agencies are still struggling to fill their approved budgeted seats. The post George Floyd sort of impact the difficulties around recruiting and kind of the negative energy around policing is improving. The pendulum is swinging, but many of them are still 15% to 20% below their targeted force numbers. And so that's where we're hearing the sort of magical feedback where they're like man, with Draft One, if it's freeing up 20%, 25% of my officer's day from writing reports, that's almost like a 20% bump in my force power overnight. So, I certainly hope we're not in the beginning of a big economic swoon. And I'm not going to tell you we're immune. I don't think anybody is immune, but historically, it just seems to be that we just -- we're in this different universe over here where those economics just don't seem to matter as much for good or for bad.
Rick Smith: All right. You got to knock on wood when you have results like this. And Josh, Jeff, Brittany and the team, just so many people work so hard and have delivered so consistently quarter in, quarter out. I was waiting for Erik to throw up the screen with the forward-looking statements when Josh was expressing his effusive enthusiasm for the back half of the year, but it's been just a phenomenal run with the team. But it really does feel like with Draft One and some of the other things we're doing, we're in the early innings in a lot of really exciting new stuff and new markets that are now really taking off as well. As Josh likes to tell me, there are so many different pathways to be able to make our numbers work. And just it's a really exciting time to be in the business. So, we're delighted to have been able to deliver these results. A little inside baseball. Brittany sort of joked that we didn't prove out to be very good at forecasting again this quarter, because the sales team overperformed where we thought we were going to be. Again, I tend to like those problems. Brittany would like to see us be a little more accurate. But we got to be...
Rick Smith: So of course, I challenged Josh, the sales, hey, let's keep overdelivering. Of course, we want to do that. So anyway, sorry for all the enthusiasm. We are having a good time. You got to enjoy the good quarters. And obviously, we're feeling good about the -- certainly the near term. And I'm super excited about the long term with all the stuff that's, frankly, unproven yet. That to me is the exciting stuff. A lot of good stuff that -- Draft One's off to a phenomenal start. And with that, I'm going to stop talking. Hey, Erik, are we doing anything at IACP with analysts this year? I should have asked that before I bring it up in front of everybody.
Rick Smith: Okay. So for those who can't stay tuned, IACP is going to be great in Boston this year. Check in with Erik on that. And we're just grateful to have you all supporting us with our shareholders. So thanks, and we'll see you on a couple of quarter -- oh, no, I'm sorry, in a couple of months for the next quarterly results.
Jeff Kunins: Sure. I think both you and Brittany said it well, but thanks, Jonathan, as always, for the question. I mean, I think the beauty of the strength is that it's universal across the diversity of all of our product lines and segments. Whether it is continued growth of core DEMS and more and more access to higher and higher tier plans of, like, unlimited third-party storage and all of those things, whether it's the core add-ons on the back of DEMS, redaction, all of those things, the strength and productivity, like the pipeline for Draft One, but records and standards and core transcription, and, of course, an RTO, the existing strength and respond, the addition of Fusus, and then, VR accelerating and everything across the board. So, I think that the thing that is the most interesting is how universal the growth is across the diversity of our product line.
Jeff Kunins: Yeah. Sure. I think hands down, like, we've talked about for multiple quarters, the role of drones and robotics broadly in public safety is another one of these rapidly accelerating rocket ships, and we intend to continue to play a bigger and bigger role in supporting agencies across all of the workloads for drones and robotics that they're doing. And, one of the most important aspects of that is this whole category of DFR, or drones as first responder. And within that, you need the right combination of many elements of the stack. You need the right drone hardware, you need the right piloting and all that stuff, you need the right mission management, you need the right docking infrastructure, and you need the right airspace protection. And so, as Rick just said, we were thrilled to announce this big comprehensive additional partnership together with Skydio, who's unquestionably the leading US hardware manufacturer. And, together with them and us and Dedrone and others, we're, confident that we are, by far, the best end-to-end solution for agencies in the US and steadily over the round of the world there. Plus, we continue to support together with Skydio and our other partners, all of the other workloads that aren't DFR yet in drones, and it's going to keep on growing.
Jeff Kunins: I think that's spot on. I mean, I think we're just hugely we are -- customers are as bullish on Fusus as we are, and I think they're just voting with their feet. And across the board, it is the fulcrum for the journey you've heard me talk about for a long time. Like, ultimately, the real-time operations journey is two things: win more sockets and win more moments. More sockets, meaning more sensors, more cameras on our panes of glass, and more moments, meaning more conversations, more collaboration, more minutes of that intense real time incident management stuff happening one way or another between our cameras, our sensors, and our pane of glass Now with Fusus, and they are the fulcrum of us being able to accelerate that journey.
Jeff Kunins: No. I think that's all well said, but maybe if, Josh, you wanted to talk to the materiality question and sort of, like, you think about the pipeline over time...
Jeff Kunins: That's right. I think that's spot on. And so, it's another place where OSP factors in because it's a great -- as we've used that Amazon Prime analogy for a long time, it's a way for agencies when they have that procurement moment to buy a package that feels to them like a great deal even if they only have in mind a subset of the things in the package. And so, they're making a purchase decision that feels like a great deal even for a subset. And then, from that point forward, all the things that they aren't using yet feel free because they're already rolled into what they're already paying. And so, those procurement moments to get people on higher and higher tiers of OSP continues to be a pivotal part of our flywheel.
