Rick Smith: Thank you very much and good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our Chief Financial Officer to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Rick Smith: We believe we have given sufficient lead time for most major customers, if not all of them to be able to get through the approval process. So we are pretty delighted that Canada sort of got through their approval process this quarter. And some of the other major markets internationally are looking at the issue right now. So I certainly don’t expect to see any air pockets of significance.
Rick Smith: Well, I would – and I will let Dan give a little color after my initial comment here. We certainly is mostly around the expense level, I would say, in the video business. We could still manage the business to hit those ranges, but we would come to conclusion that’s not the optimal strategy for the business that we believe we are more likely than not going to be investing more heavily, particularly again for the reasons of there is a lot of additional work to winning these big agencies. We have got a lot of additional requirements. And then internationally, there is some additional cost of complexity both around sales support and having to deploy internationally in some cases outside of the Amazon ecosystem, which means there is more engineering to be done to make that work.
Rick Smith: Yes, I don’t have the numbers in front of me as I sit here. I can tell you it’s been pretty consistent upward trajectory every quarter in a fairly linear fashion since we first launched telesales.
Rick Smith: Yes. So, we have 7 of the major cities that are in what we would call active deployments at some sort of scale. I believe we have another 3 major agencies that are in effectively paid trials. And then we have got around another 10 that are in some form of either a free trial or active discussions, whether it’s RFPs and other indications that they are in an active purchasing cycle.
Rick Smith: Well, number one, virtually every international market wants their data stored outside of the United States due to Patriot Act issues. So, in Brazil, we have setup and we are running on in-country servers within the Amazon ecosystem and of course the entire solution had to be ported or translated into Portuguese. So, those are the primary differences and then of course we have been hiring and deploying sales and support staff down in Brazil to support the AXON and EVIDENCE.com solution.
Rick Smith: So at this point, I am going to take a question that came in from Twitter and I believe it’s from (indiscernible) now the prices for body and flex have increased since the beginning of July, is that a sign of confidence in the market space? Well, the early adopter in leaders’ pricing programs has been very successful in rewarding agencies that won additional financial incentives to realize the benefits of body-worn video. We actually announced the pricing would be at its lowest levels initially and then would slowly increase over time to more normal levels. And that was intended to really help reward those agencies that move first. It took a leadership position, which is why we called it the leaders’ pricing promotion. There will be I believe one or two more pricing step ups in the future. So, there are still incentives for people to continue to move more expeditiously. So, as bookings ramp in the number of large agency wins and deployments are showing that we believe this state is moving from sort of the early adopters into the mainstream. So, with that, I think we are going to ahead and wrap up the call for today, certainly continue to contact us through ir@taser.com or through Twitter etcetera. Obviously, we are very excited about the progress that we are making particularly in AXON and EVIDENCE.com and I would refer you back again, those of you that track tech companies probably the most important factor you would want to look at is user adoption and we tweeted out the curve there showing utilization of the system, which again is pretty rewarding for us to see our customers are continuing to accelerate their utilization of what we have built. We look forward to joining you all again in another few months to report on our third quarter. And again, we like to thank our shareholders for your patience over the years as we have invested heavily to build out this new business segment. It’s really exciting to see it crossing over to the mainstream. With that, everybody have a great day and thanks for joining us.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings, as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And with that, I will turn it back over to Rick.
Dan Behrendt: I think you are right I think that’s probably the best metric we can share at this point. I think it shows the fact that it’s not only, I think what’s really important while it’s not only we are selling customers on this solution, but they are actively using it. So when we see almost 950,000 files uploaded in a quarter, obviously this is a solution that’s adding value for those customers. And they are utilizing it.
Dan Behrendt: Yes. I mean I think it’s good, obviously the settlements have been – had a material impact on expenses this quarter. So because they will sort of use the on a normalized basis to sort of back that out, but on a go forward basis we are going to continue to ramp our SG&A costs as we add sales people for coverage both to grow the video business as well as international. I think we are seeing that there is a large opportunity internationally. We probably underinvested historically. And I think we are addressing that by putting more people in market to assist our distributors to drive that part of the business. And then in the U.S., the fact that we have only lost one competitive situation in last year it tells us that when we have visibility of the deals and can participate we have got a great solution, but we need to make sure we are standing in front of those customers and things aren’t going to other vendors because we are not aware of it. So we are going to continue to invest pretty happily to grow both the international as well as the video sales. And in our R&D, we are going to continue to look for top caliber people because we think we have got a long-term platform play here and want to make sure that – I think what we have seen in this quarter because we are seeing just the traction we get in the business. I think it’s giving us the confidence that we wanted to execute a number of the strategies at the same time versus doing sequentially. So I think you will see both the ramp in both the SG&A and R&D expenses.
Dan Behrendt: Yes. I mean I think it’s going to depend on how fast we find good people. It’s got a high bar on hiring here. So I think it can certainly be sort of the upper end of that range on a quarterly kind of increase each quarter, but its going to depend on how fast we find good people, but we are definitely – we see a big opportunity here when we continue to expand our investments both on the SG&A and the R&D side.
Dan Behrendt: I think that’s right. I think we are – I think the – maybe ironic part is I think it’s because we are – this business is, we are getting tractions faster, especially with larger agencies, typically larger agencies can be a little bit slower to move to a new technology. We have seen an offset with video cameras and I think that’s encouraged us to make bigger investments and as a result we think sort of the profit targets we laid out, we don’t want sort of people to rely on those numbers, we don’t want to sort of be hamstrung with the investments we are making to feel what we think will be a very successful business in the video as well as growing the international part of the CEW business.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I think we continue to feel very good about our business there. I think that’s certainly a large installed base. We think that we are going to continue to message to customers that the fact that we think the most appropriate thing for them to do is to proactively replace their TASERs before they break and replace them. We think we have got attractive upgrade programs in place still to drive them. So, I think the good news from my perspective is that regardless of whether so many things to five years is the appropriate useful life or it’s six or seven eventually all weapons get to that age. And the upgrade opportunity in front of us continues to grow at this point I would say that we are continuing to see that total opportunity actually grow faster, because we are probably upgrading less units in the year versus how many units hit that 5-year mark.
Dan Behrendt: So – and I think we talked a little bit earlier, I think the X26 going end of life, I think will help, we saw that with the M26, I think sometimes it gave us our agencies little bit of political cover that can go back to their city councils and command staff and say hey, the product we have is it even supported by the manufacturer anymore. And I think that, that can help to drive it. So, we hope that as we go into next year that, that’s one more thing that sort of helps. But the domestic CEW business is pretty much where we expected to be. I think that we had a couple of years of significant growth as the upgrade started. And I think that I think the significant growth as we go forward from this point is going to be driven by the international expansion, but the U.S. business continues to be a solid base to build the both international strategy on top of as well as the video strategy.
Dan Behrendt: So, yes we have seen as Rick said that’s been pretty consistent growth engine for us. I think that they encouraged us me, I think part of it, I think some of this is actually wide space growth. I think dealing with some of these smaller customers are probably underserved by ourselves as well as our distributors and now it’s calling on them, explaining the product, I think we are helping to expand the use of the weapons from maybe predecessors only at the supervisor level, because of the amount of sort of current feeding we can give these customers, I think we are helping to grow to patrol issue product versus maybe something there is only at the supervisor. So, I think that’s helping with their growth as well.
