Luke Larson: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO, to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. We continue to execute in the second quarter of 2016, and I’m proud to share the results of our continued success. Revenues came in very strong at $58.8 million, with international sales contributing $6.5 million to the total. Our other key metrics also showed continued strength within the quarter. Bookings on our Axon platform were $72 million in the second quarter, yet another record and an increase of 135% compared to the second quarter of 2015.  Annual recurring revenue in the second quarter was $21.1 million, an increase of 16.9% during the same period. In the second quarter, we booked approximately 20,200 incremental new seats on our Axon platform that brings our cumulative total of book seats to 95,000 since inception, and represents a growth of 28% sequentially. As Dan will discuss, we did see an increase in the GAAP between booked and paid seat, however, we are increasing capacity to meet the demand.  Operating income in the TASER Weapons segment was 33.2% in the second quarter of 2016, which partially reflects higher international sales expenses and additional infrastructure and investments. Over the near-term, we reiterate our expectations that as we build out the international team and gain beachhead accounts, there could be some pressure on these margins. We will continue to evaluate future investments to ensure continued operational efficiency. The ratio of lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition cost in the second quarter was 6.2, a continued increase over prior periods. Our focus investments continue to produce incremental bookings growth. We continue to expand our lineup of Axon solutions. During the second quarter we shipped our first trials of Axon fleet our in car camera solution, which is the only in car product offering that seamlessly linked the devices to the cloud. Initial feedback has been very positive and I am proud of our team’s execution in bringing the new product to market so quickly and effectively. Initially demand for Axon Interview is also strong and we expect to complete installations in meaningful quantities in the coming months.  Our Weapons business delivered a very strong performance in the period and included a single $5 million order the largest domestic weapons order in the company’s history a state highway patrol agency upgraded all of their weapons and moved to standard issue with a 3,400 unit X-2 Smart weapon order. Additionally we saw our first large TASER 60 order with Jacksonville deploying 2,500 smart weapons. Customer response from the TASER 60 installment payment program has been extremely positive and we believe the program will be helpful for agencies to move older plan and help them upgrade their weapons on a schedule without a significant outlay of capital upfront. In June, we launched our first ever Axon user conference it was a great event it brought together Axon law enforcement customers, industry consultants, partners and experts to share best practices and learn about emerging technology trends in law enforcement. We believe the user conference will help build out the [indiscernible] for our platform both within agencies and across agencies. In July 12th issue of Bloomberg Business Week, Axon was featured as the cover story. The Reporter astutely captured that Axon is not just about video, but about a larger connected network in public safety. We’re seeing great success across our Axon brand and we’re going to continue to investment in building that brand. A strong brand helps perpetuate our differentiation in the marketplace and also defines our value proposition. We’ve got some phenomenal momentum with the Axon brand and we’re excited to continue to invest in it.  In summary, the second quarter showcased continued execution of our 2016 strategic plan and also strengthened our position as a trusted partner and provider of technology solutions to law enforcement around the world. Our team is diligently working both internationally and domestically to capture market share in all segments and continue to build our outer infrastructure for future growth. We continue to innovate and invest in development of new products to lead the market and build our pipeline.  I’ll now turn it over to Dan to review our financials. 
Luke Larson: It’s a great question Mark. We’ve certainly seen an increased demand and the awareness is at an all-time high. However we have not seen an acceleration in the sales cycle. We still I would say anywhere from 6 to 18 months they have to go get the funding and move it through. So we are seeing very strong demand, but even with the increase we don’t see that accelerating the sales cycle.
Luke Larson: I’m not entirely sure to be honest with you, Steve. We’ll have to take a look at that. With that booking it’s really takes them to sort of full deployment. 
Luke Larson: Yes. So we’ve started just some initial rollouts, but the bulk of that is going to happen over time. 
Luke Larson: Steve, that’s a great question. We’re certainly seeing a lot of increased competition on the camera side. Our end-to-end solution has really met the market needs. And so, with the major cities, we’re still very confident that we’ve got the only product that really meets the market need. 
Luke Larson: Yes. I guess, so the only color -- it’s a good question. I think the only I could give is that a pretty significant number of seats that are in that book seats that aren’t in the license count yet or the sort of ARR, and we expect a lot of those to come on in the -- they aren’t start coming on and it will better magnitude in Q3. 
Luke Larson: Yeah I’ll take this one Glenn. We work through a significant part of the backlog that we had in Q1, but the demand has continue to be extremely strong. 
Luke Larson: Yeah so during the period we will continue to ramp capacity. And I think our Q2 shipments -- our Q3 shipments will definitely exceeds Q2.
Luke Larson: Yeah Steve so we expect to ship our Axon fleet in the coming months, we've got couple of early shipments already, but we expect to see some revenue in Q4 on that.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the TASER International website. Please note that the earnings press release as well as supplemental materials, including our key operating metrics, are available on our website. Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. We’ll follow up the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date in which they’re made, are not guarantees of future performance, and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These results are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as other SEC filings our website at www.taser.com. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Dan Behrendt: George, this is Dan. Yeah, I’d say there is really a couple of things. One is we did ship a lot of the cameras we shipped in Q2 pretty late in the quarter. So that definitely had an impact on the number of seats we are actually recognizing in revenue. So we expect it just a normal sort of floor of recognized in those in the subsequent quarter will happen for those camera shipped late. We do have a number of larger scale deals that typically attach implementation services to it. We continue to ramp up our implementation folks to keep up with that demand and sometimes it’s the city itself that is will work on their schedule. We are trying to make sure we’ve got enough people here and we feel like we are well positioned. I think again some of this is just the backlog as well as shipping 10,000 cameras in July should certainly help that count as well. So we do expect that the seats there included in that ARR to come up pretty sharply in Q3.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, this is Dan. I think clearly LA is one of those sort of bluebird orders, there is only agency, or a couple of agencies of that size in the country. So I would say that makes for a tough sequential comp. Although, I’d say the overall demand remained strong. But I think it’s been tough to increase at least in the subsequent quarter from this quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah this is Dan. We’re actually not disclosing that anymore. We’ve kind of moved to the ARR number on a go forward basis.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah this is Dan. I would say that it’s really more of a factor of how quickly agencies can roll it out. And that’s -- I don’t know if that’s really sort of efficiency driven more than just that these large deployments might take two, three months from the time we shipped a camera to the time they are deployed and up and running, and we start counting those seats. So I think that, we’re very good at getting people up and running, but depending on how big the agency is, how many pre seats there are, how much training they need, what level of support there maybe a little bit of time from when we ship the camera to when we start recognizing those seats.
Dan Behrendt: That'’ correct yeah so we don’t -- so it wouldn’t be in the revenue for the quarter nor would it be in the ARR until that become an active seat. 
Dan Behrendt: Let me kind of clarify. So if we add an agency that said hey they want to take 200 cameras every six months for the next two years. Once that first 200 cameras implemented we would start recognizing those at that point. And then we’d add each additional shipping once they became active. So we wouldn’t delay the all 800 cameras in that case until the end, we sort of recognize and readably as they came online and were implemented. 
Dan Behrendt: Yeah service would be the same thing. So if an agency said everyone rollout over two years we’d start recognizing the service and the cameras are actually active throughout that rollout period as they became active. 
Dan Behrendt: Yeah this is Dan, I would say the sort of two things. One I think is that as we add people throughout 2016, 2017 will naturally be higher because you have the full year of expense to the people you added this year. So I think that 2017 will definitely be up regardless. As far as looking at investments we’re making to grow the business, we’ll continue to look at that if the business is continues to expand faster than expectations we’ll continue to add resources to make sure we’re meeting that demand and capturing as much market share as possible.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I would say that most of the deals that we’re booking at this point are multi-year deals, three, four, five year deals. So we haven’t seen a significant number of contracts come up for renewal if you will. As a result we haven’t I would say the churn rate so far has not then meaningful.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah this is Dan. I would say that even some small agencies will take advantage of implementation services it’s a pretty good value for them because this is again it’s lot of lessons learned from prior customers. So a lot of even small and mid-sized agencies will take advantage of implementation services because it really gets them off on a right foot. So it's not necessarily just the large agency. So we'll contract for implementation services. You’re right any deal that we just ship the camera without implementation we recognize a month later. But deals with implementations those can definitely get delayed a little bit. There is also some of the bigger customers may have some milestones that could cause that to slow up a little bit if there are some specific things we’re looking for on our end. But we do expect it will hopefully we’ll narrow that gap between the contracted sheets and the sheets we’re actually recognizing in Q3 with I think two things will help one is we'll have we’ll catch up on that backlog hopefully this quarter. Secondly with ramp in production and supply chain we’ll be able to ship cameras earlier in the quarter versus in Q2 we ship cameras late in the quarter, which really led to a lot of cameras ship not being in that recognized revenue yet on the service side. 
Dan Behrendt: I don't know if I can make a specific comment that that. Let me take a look at that as you preload out the bigger deals almost always do it, but we also have a lot of smaller size to medium size cities. So we'd have to take a look at those as well. Let us do a little research and we'll put something out of that. 
Dan Behrendt: Andrew it's the really the ones that we actually could ship right now and we're could actually ship at the end of June that we had not shipped yet. 
Rick Smith: This is Rick. I would say that we are seeing renewed interest and I would say even a more generalized acceptance of TASER Weapons. With LAPD moving to standard issue, I think that was a pretty important event for these larger agencies, in the city of Chicago around Rama Manual [ph] is engaged on this issue and basically said if I remember correctly they are going to make TASERs at least available to every patrol car that’s going on shift. We believe this is moving towards standard issue. I might be a little bit, bias but it seems a little crazy to be sent somebody up in 2016 with a gun and without the best non-legal alternative to prevent them from having to use it. We are also seeing more acceptance in Canada, a few years ago I think there was a lot controversy in Canada. More recently the controversy has been around police shooting where they didn’t have TASERs available. So I think the core technologies has been sort of through the public wedding process. So where it’s now accepted as sort of standard policing equipment and I would say it’s kind of we hope to see continue to expand.
Rick Smith: I would add operationally we do use both internal employees and consultants and we are expanding that network to make sure we’ve got the right infrastructure team to be able to support and not rely entirely on employees.
Rick Smith: So at this point New York City has really specific guidelines for vendors participating in bids, which prevent us from giving any commentary or color on the status. So we really can’t say anything.
Rick Smith: It should have been around 6,000 cameras and the seats associated with those, and we’ve even some additional non-camera user seats.
Rick Smith: Although we’re excited about it, but I think we’ve release all the details that we planned at least at this point.
Rick Smith: Yeah that’s a good question. I mean today I don’t think we’re going to get into any specific guidance for next year. But I would say we’re -- this is an issue we’re constantly looking at. It really just comes down to identifying where we believe investments are going to have significant net positive net present value. And while we’re in the -- most of the to be bought I mean the growth we’ve seen here in the U.S. is consistently exceeded our financial plans over the last couple of years. And so we’ve been ramping -- we feel it’s more important that we're agile that we're matching the investments just given the size of what's developing in the market opportunity. We’re seeing similar opportunities now happen internationally. So I would say in terms of direction there is likely to be international ramping as we're starting to see some of the same things that we’ve done in the U.S. now paying off internationally first in the UK now in Australia and we certainly are putting people in additional markets. So again we're not really prepared to give more color at this point in terms of next year’s spending. I'd say we're really -- that’s something that we're managing in real time just given the growth slope of the company.
Rick Smith: And one thing I would add to your last question is we do want to assure that we -- our goal here is to build a very profitable sustainable business in the Axon segment over the long-term. While we are in the steep growth curve we do have to -- we are making the right investments but we're fully committed that that is going to be very profitable at scale. Right now our goal is making that scale is large as possible. 
Rick Smith: Yeah this is Rick. My expectations are certainly optimistic I think it's a good refresh for and important part of our long-term vision. I'm not sure from the perspective of financial modeling that it’s going to be material at this point. So we’re in the long game in the consumer space. And it’s interesting I read Elon Musk's blog poster earlier this week where he talked about Tesla and how they think about autopilot given the controversy over the one case in Florida where they had Adept. He made an interesting statement based on the moral obligation to continue to push autopilot out there because it's already improving safety when used properly. And I would say that the way I think about the consumer business in some ways is kind of a moral obligation that we keep that business alive. It is small, it's still profitable, it's a small team we've done on it. But we started this business because we are in a country where 35,000 people die of bullet wounds every year. Our goal is to make the bullet obsolete. In order to do that I think we need to not only service the business sector and law enforcement where our primary business is today. But we need to keep the option available for consumers to have a viable alternative to a firemen and I would say that alterative is going to get better and better over the next decade. Got really exciting things in our product technology pipeline. But we need just a conservatism the purpose financial modeling it’s not something we should be moving the needle on at this point. 
Rick Smith: Great, well again thank you everybody for joining us today. 2016 continues to be incredibly strong in all front. Our focus on ensuring the remainder of the year successful as we strengthen our position as the trusted technology solutions provider to the public safety market domestically and internationally. We look forward to updating you on our progress during third quarter earnings call little later this year. So thanks so much have a great day. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. But just in terms of -- is there a time waiting associated with that active licenses number how we should be thinking about this? It sounds like a lot of stuff kind of transpired at the very end of the quarter.
Jeremy Hamblin: So as we look at kind of it's thinking about it in a straight line sense as these contracts I know they’re all individual contracts that’s not really the right way to be thinking about it you're getting capturing a lot of this revenue on the backend as you’ve got all the licenses associated with that up and running.
Jeremy Hamblin: Hey guys, just a follow-up on operating, thinking about the operating expenses. I think you noted based on the updated guidance that we'd be looking kind of in that $130 million to $132 million range for 2016. As we look forward into ‘17 do you think that you’re kind of in a position now where you're starting to harvest a little more of that spend? Or is the name of the game still we’ve got to win contracts and we need to be as aggressive as possible to win those first contracts internationally in particular, but certainly in the remaining large agencies in the U.S.
