Luke Larson: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to Axon’s Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining on today’s call from management are Rick Smith, CEO and Founder; Jawad Ahsan, CFO. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Arvind Bobra, our Director of Finance, to read the safe harbor statement.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. We had an exceptional bookings quarter and strong revenue this quarter. I’m proud to share the highlights of our accomplishments. Bookings on our Axon platform were $81.9 million in the second quarter, an increase of 14% compared to the second quarter of 2016 and an increase of 36% sequentially. As Rick mentioned, this is a record for the company and speaks to the increased demand for the multiple capability sets we are offering on the Axon network. Annual recurring revenue in the second quarter was $54.7 million, including the contribution from international customers, an increase of 18% sequentially and 159% over the prior year. In the second quarter, we booked approximately 20,600 incremental new seats on our Axon platform. That brings our cumulative total booked seats to 169,000 since inception and represents 14% growth sequentially. Operating income for the TASER Weapons segment was $17.6 million at a 33.2% margin in the second quarter of 2017, up $15.1 million at a similar margin in the prior year quarter. The increase was driven by a 10% increase in weapons units and a 40% increase in cartridge units, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses. The ratio of lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition cost in the second quarter was 5.4 times, up from the 4.3 times in the prior quarter on higher new booked seats. As a reminder, this ratio was calculated only including current product at current price levels. We strongly believe the true value of each customer will be significantly higher as we are able to add premium service tiers and new products. We had several notable bookings in Q2 as we continue to lead the market. We closed another major city that moved to full deployment of our body camera and EVIDENCE.com platform to over 4,000 patrol officers. We’re working with this agency on the announcement but wanted to make sure this was noted as contracted in Q2. This win is yet another example of the trust and confidence large cities have in our platform and solution. I’m particularly pleased with the incremental contribution Fleet provided to bookings this quarter. The Fleet bookings demonstrate how we are expanding our ecosystem through technology innovation. Additionally, this quarter, we won a small in-car Fleet deal with an incumbent competitor. In fact, we’ve won several recent deals from incumbents. In the top 1,200 agencies, we won 12 deals in the quarter away from competitors. In aggregate, these 12 deals represented over 4,000 new booked licenses. Displacing an incumbent provider is never an easy undertaking, however, the benefits of our work flows and technology leadership far outweigh the near-term inconvenience for these agencies. I’m very proud of these wins as they reaffirm our R&D efforts are well placed in generating strong returns. In June, we held our second annual Axon Accelerate conference, and it was an absolute success. We had over 600 attendees, and our customers were very excited about the solutions we’re bringing to market to meet their needs and pain points. The conference featured 47 interactive sessions with our customers and provided them with an opportunity to learn about our new offerings and provide a feedback. We surveyed conference attendees, who rated the event 4.7 on a scale of 1 to 5. We believe Accelerate will become a unique conference to help our customers adopt to rapidly accelerating technologies and also give us a chance to promote our new platforms. At the conference, we also previewed our Records Management System offering. Initial feedback on the solution and its intended capabilities has been very positive. Customers trust our vision and ability to execute, and several are willing to commit to us even though our solution won’t be available until next year. As a reminder, we are currently working with several partner agencies to develop and trial an early version of the product. Most important, we left Axon Accelerate with a high level of confidence that the value we are delivering to our clients is well established. In addition, the efforts we are making to extend our technology offerings are in the right areas for our customers and will translate into increased revenues over time. We have tremendous energy and momentum as we move forward, and I’m really excited about the strength of our team and the opportunities of our integrated solutions that we’re bringing to law enforcement. And now I’ll turn it over to our CFO, Jawad.
Luke Larson: Yes, and just -- so Rick addressed the timing on that. I would just comment on what we believe the percentage of customers that convert after a trial is very high. We haven’t lost a single agency where they’ve trialed over 100 cameras. And so we feel very confident when customers are trialing our product. Our head of sales like to say our competitor’s worst nightmare is the well-informed customer, and we feel really good about these trial programs and expect a high conversion rate.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, just to reiterate. Our biggest use of cash has been our increase in inventory. As we mentioned, we’ve got a plan in place to take that tax to a normalized level by the end of the year. Excluding inventory build, our cash from operations has been positive. [indiscernible] meaning our [indiscernible] potential builds [indiscernible] to provide any additional temporary liquidity in the business, we do have facilities available to us [indiscernible] that would be reduction in inventory by the end of the year that we will need to draw on those facilities.
Jawad Ahsan: So we are -- what we’re doing for you is continuing to invest in R&D initiatives and customer-facing roles to expand product offerings and geographic reach. We’re not disclosing the split of that business between the existing products in this still, but we are making, as you know, an investment in RMS in future products.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, so $1.3 million of that, Steve, was related to a gain in foreign currency transaction adjustments.
Jawad Ahsan: The 75% was for the service margins within the Software and Sensors segment, and the 25% was on the hardware margins in that segment.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, this is a big focal point for me and for the leadership team, and we expect to have that resolved completely by the end of the year.
Jawad Ahsan: So excluding -- we basically would have -- excluding nonrecurring items, we would have been at $4.3 million of profit or 50% higher. We still feel, for the long term, the guidance that we’ve given for that segment is 25% margins, which we -- or 20% margins, rather, which we feel is conservative. So without giving specific guidance, we do feel that there’s considerable upside.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. This is very similar to the same phenomenon we experienced in the first quarter for the [indiscernible] for stock-based compensation that drove some favorability [indiscernible] quarter of $200,000. [Indiscernible] as stock price increases, you’re going to see favorability [indiscernible]. So we take it to use the -- some favorability, but at this point, we expect that our tax rate for the year, normalized, will be approximately 40%.
Jawad Ahsan: My perspective here is that there is [indiscernible] momentum in the business. And Rick [indiscernible] and get it for [indiscernible] his words in thinking of a long-term funnel. But what I don’t want to do is step on this great momentum. I think we should continue to invest in [indiscernible] to capitalize in the great momentum that we’re building. I wouldn’t put a horizon on when we would expect to see some margins improve. What we do know is that longer-term, we’re building a very profitable, sustainable [indiscernible] business to go with our profitable hardware business. And [indiscernible] horizon on it, but obviously, that’s something that we’re very mindful of, that we want to do this in a way that’s accretive.
Rick Smith: This is Rick, and I’ll take that one. We expect that we will be starting to field trials late this year. We’ll likely be making some announcements at the IACP Conference in October about some specific products related to some of these capabilities, and we expect, in 2018, that we’ll start to see revenue contribution.
Rick Smith: Sure, yes. As you’ve seen, we’ve got a -- a competitor puts out press releases on just about every minor ruling in the case. Obviously, it’s going to be a complex case. We believe there’s very strong prior art to these patents. Some of the evidence is in the form of prior patents and filings that we presented at the patent office, which should be noted, they’ve accepted one of our 2 challenges. And that challenge will proceed to hearing in February on the first patent. Additional evidence, particularly related to public disclosure of our own inventions and marketing of this technology at least 3 years prior to Digital Ally’s patent filing, will be presented at the appropriate time in District Court. We also have strong arguments that our technology designs did not infringe these patents, so even if they somehow survive, what we see is very clear prior art that we’re presenting. We have strong arguments of non-infringement. And then finally, as with any thorough risk management plan, we’ve identified alternative technology pathways to achieve similar product value for our customers. So we believe we’re in a really pretty strong position.
Rick Smith: Yes, the other thing that I would comment on, with our existing revenue streams that we have to market today, which is primarily around our body worn cameras and the digital evidence management system, we’ve got a long-term operating margin target with these net new technologies that we’re investing in, RMS, Records Management System, which will be a pure software play, it’s not going to have the storage cost or the associated hardware cost as well as artificial intelligence features. We expect these to have a lot higher operating margin that will bring up the total operating margin for the entire Axon segment.
Rick Smith: So we don’t give specific guidance, particularly on these international deals. They tend to be large. I can tell you, we have some very large deals in the pipeline that it’s hard to tell whether they will close in the second half this year or into ‘18. I would say, overall, over the next 18-month horizon, we do expect international to be a growing contributor as a percentage.
Rick Smith: It’s certainly within the realm of possibility. But again, I’d -- a lot of it will just depend on some of these larger deals.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think we’re feeling really good. We’ve got a solid team in most of the major Continental European countries now, and we’re engaged in customer -- meaningful customer conversations across pretty much all the major European countries at this point. We’ve also been expanding our presence in Australasia. We’ve added -- started to add some staff, not only in Australia, but up in Asia, and we’ll continue to make a few more investments there. We’ve also added some salespeople in Africa. I think we’re really sort of getting it dialed in. A few years ago, we really started to follow some of what we learned in the U.S., which was that, particularly for the Software and Sensors business, that we really had to have direct salespeople engaging with the customer because these are fairly sophisticated sales that are really kind of hard to accomplish through third parties. And we’ve seen that result play out in UK, in Australia, and we’ve followed that same model. And I think we’re seeing all but the same early indicators of success happening now in Continental Europe, and we’re, I’d say, even a little earlier in the process in some of the other Asian countries and in Africa. But we’re seeing a lot of the same sort of patterns that we saw early in the English-speaking countries, and we really have begun to internationalize both the product and the marketing. So we feel really good about those investments long-term.
Rick Smith: Yes, I don’t think we’ve disclosed that. I don’t think, for strategic reasons, that we’re planning to disclose that at this point.
Rick Smith: Yes, what we’re seeing happen, so part of the reason for the inventory buildup was when we announced this program, we wanted to make sure we had sufficient inventory on hand to be able to fulfill on it. And what we have found is that the program was extremely successful from a public messaging standpoint. Remember, we bundled this together with the name change of the company, and it literally drove, I think, over 500 independent news articles that really helped get the message out about the name change and it really drove a lot of customer conversations. However, what we’ve seen is that customers, once they engage, in many cases, it’s as much work for them to do a free trial -- field trial as it is to go ahead and move into a procurement process. So it’s -- in many cases, it’s actually less total work for them maybe over the long haul if you just move into the procurement process rather than having a separate trial and then doing procurement later. So we have seen a good number of agencies that reach out to us as part of the field trial process, and then I think they just sort of -- they put it into their more standard procurement business process, which is great news. And then the other thing that’s caused us to draw down our expectation for inventory needed for this program is that the larger agencies that are looking for field trials are typically saying that they want to do a trial with a subset of officers, not necessarily take cameras for every officer in the agency. So again, our offer was compelling, and then it got their attention and they have engaged. But the net expense of the field trials are going to be significantly lower since they’re testing with subsets. The main thing for us is we just want to get them in the field trials or at least into in-depth procurement discussion. And in that respect, it’s really working quite well, and we do have some additional large agencies that had gone with competing solutions that are back at the table because of the field trial offer.
Rick Smith: On the body cameras, no. I would say, on the Fleet cameras that we’re rolling out, some of the constraints around our ability to scale Fleet are that there is more installation and that’s a new product. So that portion of the business we are making, and that’s part of the other reason for some of the expense buildup, is to support the installation and customer support infrastructure for Fleet. But the body cameras, we have all that infrastructure in place so there really are -- there shouldn’t be any operating limitations to support the field trials and the ongoing business.
Rick Smith: Yes, great question. So there certainly is interest in artificial intelligence for facial recognition. As we talked about earlier, we believe that’s a very sensitive subject with the general public, and it’s one where both we and our customers need to move carefully to make sure that we’re doing this in a way that sort of respects privacy laws and general privacy rights in this country. So that’s an issue. We’re in the late stages forming an advisory panel on those ethics and privacy laws. The other piece I would tell you is, well, facial recognition technology is very promising. It’s a bit early, we believe, to be putting it out in cameras for real time identification, just the net error rates in facial recognition, even best-in-the-world cases, are still not at the level of reliability where you’d want to be feeding officers information on which they may make life and death decisions in the field.  So we -- as we look at this technology, there’s certainly customer interest, there’s issues we have to navigate around legal and ethics to make sure we get it right, and then there’s also making sure that we get to the right points of maturity of the technology. And so at this point, it’s not the limitation of the cameras per se. We have 1080p, high-definition recording capabilities. That’s plenty of resolution that is relative to the types of facial recognition technology that are out there today. But we’ve seen that there are less controversial, more mature and more high-value services that we can offer to our customers using AI that don’t carry some of the risks and baggage of facial recognition at this point in time.  So our team is really focused on some of those other areas at this point. But we do have -- facial recognition is something that we’re monitoring given all those other factors to find when that right product mix and timing would be.
Rick Smith: I don’t necessarily have a good read on that. I mean, I would say, in terms of regions, we’re in all over the country. We have thousands of customers. We have 95% of U.S. law enforcement agencies using TASER Weapons. So in that respect, we’re pretty ubiquitous in the Axon camera and EVIDENCE.com. We also have -- we have customers in every region of the country, so I’d say I don’t know that there were necessarily new regions where we did not have a presence. We are seeing it sort of accelerate the conversation though, particularly in agencies that may be in the Northeast, where the Northeast has been perhaps a little slower, in some cases, to adopt a body camera technology.  So in that respect, I’d say it probably has helped the pickup and I’ve had some personal conversations with some large agencies in the Northeast that had previously expressed specific disinterest in body cameras that are now finding it worthy of some exploration.
Rick Smith: Well, at this point, I would say most of the -- we’re only about a quarter into these trials. And what’s interesting, the smaller agencies are the ones who tend to make decisions relatively quickly, and it’s the smaller agencies where we’re seeing, I would say, a significant portion of those once they engage in a conversation are moving really more in towards a procurement than an extended trial. And then the larger agencies tend to move slower in general, so like a lot of the larger agencies are still gearing up for how they would do these trials. So it’s a bit of the bog out there, where the smaller guys are moving pretty quick and the bigger guys as sort of still getting moving because the -- for them, the limitation is less about the actual funding of the program, it’s more about the logistics and staffing and just sort of getting the program moving through a larger agency.
Rick Smith: So absolutely. You’ve hit the nail on the head. I would say, when we talk, where it’s been a number of years since the Ferguson, Missouri incident, and when we look at the penetration of body cameras in American policing, a lot of people say what’s the main obstacle, it really is just inertia. It’s getting these processes moving within these larger agencies. Just in -- and it just takes time, and you’ve got to identify advocates, you’re competing with other priorities. And in that respect, the national field trial, at least, is having the intended effect of where it’s getting that higher on their priority list as it’s creating a rationale for why they need to do this sooner than later and if there’s this opportunity over the course of the next year for them to have a no-charge field trial. So it’s helping, but I would say that still remains the number one -- our number one competitor is really inertia.
Rick Smith: Great. Thank you. Everybody, we appreciate you spending time with us here today. Again, really excited at the momentum in the business. I would like to reiterate Jawad’s comment at the end. We are looking at the long-term profitability of all the investments that we’re making, and we believe the investments around Fleet, artificial intelligence, RMS and international, that each one of those can create revenue flows, highly profitable revenue flows, that are comparable in scale to our existing digital evidence management and body camera business. So when you look at it that way, the investments that we’re making really are to build out sort of 4 revenue streams, all comparable to the revenue stream where we’re already showing a significant momentum in growth. And when you view it through that lens, you’ll understand -- and not only are these additional revenue streams, all of them helped make the ecosystem more defensible, more valuable. Like we pointed out, some of the win-backs we made this quarter were because we had the new in-car capability. So that capability is helping us win body camera deals as well. So each of these capabilities are being built in a way where they are making our current solutions more viable, increasing our win rate, increasing the net value to our customers and frankly, the stickiness of the product and ecosystem long-term. So we’re, obviously, very excited to see the growth continue and also begin to really see some of the international markets start to kick in, in a more material way. And with that, we’re going to thank you for joining us, and we look forward to joining you in another 3 months for our conference call results on the third quarter. Everybody, have a great day.
