Luke Larson: Thank you and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to Axon's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started, I'm going to turn the call over to Arvind Bobra, our Director of Finance, to read the safe harbor statement.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. We had a strong first quarter of 2017 and I'm proud to share the highlights of our accomplishments. Revenues came in at $79.2 million with international sales contributing $14.5 million to the total. Bookings on our Axon platform were $60.1 million in the first quarter, an increase of 15% compared to the first quarter of 2016. We're coming off a record $72.5 million in bookings quarter as we were successful in closing several deals before year-end. Annual recurring revenue in the first quarter was $46.2 million, an increase of 15% sequentially and 155% increase over the prior year as we converted over 10,000 seats to paid seats. We ended the quarter with 7,000 Flex 2 camera backlog which will be recognized in future quarters.  In the fourth quarter, we booked approximately 16,400 incremental new seats on our Axon platform. That brings our cumulative total booked seats to 148,000 since inception and represents 12% growth sequentially. Operating income for the TASER Weapons segment was $20.2 million at a 35.1% margin in the first quarter of 2017, up from $15.4 million at 33.5% margin in the prior year quarter. The increase was driven by an 18% increase in weapon units and a 28% increase in cartridge units. The ratio of the lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition cost in the first quarter was 4.3x, down from 6x in the prior quarter on lower bookings.  As a reminder, this ratio is calculated only on including current product at current price levels. We strongly believe the true value of each customer will be significantly higher as we're able to add premium service tiers and new product such as our RMS offering, Fleet in-car system and AI-based offerings. Together, we see these offerings more than doubling the potential value of each customer seat. We may see temporary further decline in this ratio when we include the cost of the free trial body camera offer as part of our customer acquisition cost.  We had several notable bookings in Q1 as we continue to consolidate the market. We had a major city win with Sacramento, a major county win with Santa Clara and a major state highway patrol with Nevada. Our several recent state patrol body camera wins were enabled by our compatible and integrated in-car solution, allowing all video evidence to be managed under the same platform. Our largest booking in the quarter was Fort Worth, Texas which has agreed to go full deployment on our Axon body camera, TASER Weapons and Fleet in-car camera. Agencies are continuing to realize the value of the connected and integrated Axon network.  Yesterday, we announced a significant win with Alameda County, a member of the Major County Sheriffs of America. This was particularly strong in momentum shifting win. In 2012, Alameda selected another vendor for its body camera program. After a series of unresolved issues, they decided to conduct an extensive 4-month field trial after which Axon received the highest score of any vendor. This agency had previously been a key reference account for the incumbent. Alameda is a perfect example of why we strongly support head-to-head field trials and why we believe our national field free trial offer will have a very high ROI.  We also recently received notice that the city council in Albuquerque approved a 2,000-unit body camera contract, renewal and expansion, in a highly contested deal. This renewal win in a highly contested process reinforces the value we provide our customers and the lead we have on our competition.  I'm very excited about this start to 2017 and our road map for the rest of the year as we continue to focus on driving innovation at a rapid pace as we extend our leading position in the market. And I'm excited to introduce our CFO, Jawad.
Luke Larson: Yes, great question, Steve. So approximately 35% of our customers purchased on a payment plan either TASER 60 or OSP. Now our goal would actually be to get as much of our revenue as possible on these payment programs. A lot of the law enforcement still has discretionary funding that they get from asset forfeiture or other seized assets and will never turn down those deals, but our goal would be to push as much of our business possible on these subscription plans. So I think it can be much, much greater than 35%.
Luke Larson: Yes, so I think that's a good insight, Steve. Q1 is seasonally slower a quarter with less overall activity than Q4. Our pipeline still remains strong and I think we're looking at future growth opportunities with product expansion, specifically Axon Fleet and then our next RMS product.
Luke Larson: Andrew, great question. So Q1 margins are primarily driven by 2 factors. The customer mix which includes strategic pricing decisions on the international beachhead accounts to open up additional markets. And also discounts on upfront camera purchases on multiyear contracts. We're really confident as we continue to add more high value-add features and expanding the product, that those margins -- we'll see margin expansion in that Sensor and Software segment.
Luke Larson: In this quarter, it was roughly 10%. We're still -- just to clarify, we're still not in full production in shipping that. We did -- we had some very high-profile betas and at the end of Q2, we expect to be shipping product. And so in the first quarter of shipping, I would suspect that it's not going to be meaningful. By the end of the year, we suspect that will be a meaningful bookings contribution with the Fleet program.
Luke Larson: Yes, so actually, while we were transitioning to Jawad coming on board, we did slow our hiring a bit just to make sure when he was coming in, we had a good base for him to understand the cost structure.
Luke Larson: Yes, I would probably not give a specific gross percentage. I think the 2 key items that we're focused on is international growth will continue to be a contributor. And we're also looking to get -- we want full penetration in the U.S., every officer to carry a weapon and that weapon to be on a payment program. And so for the next few quarters at least, we continue to see growth.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. I'm a month in and I'm still really getting the lay of the land in understanding the cost structure. What I can tell you is that for Q2, we're expecting the 4% to 6% increase sequentially over Q1 which again is going to be primarily driven by our investments in RMS, AI, also in international and in Fleet. And for the rest of the year, we're still calibrating where we expect our cost structure to be relative to our revenue and bookings growth.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. So in the Axon or the Software and Sensors segment specifically, the margins there were driven by the customer mix which really includes the strategic decision we made, the pricing decisions around some of our international beachhead accounts to open up those markets. And we would actually expect -- part of our model is that we would expect those margins to improve over time. As you're aware, there's a discount on the hardware upfront and we expected in the near term margin to improve to 25% and over the longer term on those contracts to get to 50%.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, so in first quarter, that was really primarily driven by the build in inventory which we had discussed. We don't expect that operating activities are going to be a significant use of cash for the remainder of the year. We're expecting towards the back half that the inventory levels will normalize and that trend will continue.
Patrick Smith: Well, I would say we're seeing pretty even interest across the board and I mean that quantitatively, most of the inquiries are coming from small agencies, right, because there's, what I'd say about 17,000 small agencies in the U.S. and a thousand big ones. We're seeing really good interest. If I were to characterize the one pleasant surprise has been the sheriffs have really -- seem to be coming on strong, where a few years ago, I think we talked about that sheriff's offices tended to be less interested in body cameras than the major cities in the early phases. I think we're now seeing that really a spike in interest from the sheriffs. And hard to say if that was just happening on its own organically or if we -- if spurred that with the trial offer.
Patrick Smith: I think our plan at this point is that we're going to offer this for a 1 year period, meaning that agencies would have up to a year to sign up and from the point that they sign-up, we would give them a year-long trial, but I don't envision at this point that we would continue it beyond that in that it's a pretty sort of breakout program that we're doing. I don't know if we'd leave it indefinite that we would do free trials for every agency for every officer indefinitely. I think will always have free trial programs. But this is really something that's on a pretty large scale and I think part of the philosophy here is that we saw this is a unique moment in time, where now is the time for us to do something out of the ordinary to help accelerate the market forward. But again, we're learning. We pride ourselves on being a business that experiments and learns. So I don't know. I could draw a line in the sand and absolutely, we would not extend it. But at this point in time, that's not our intention.
Patrick Smith: We did see some revenue coming in earlier and -- obviously, Q1, we had really strong quarter particularly coming out the heels of the U.K. approval, with weapon sales starting in the U.K. So there was some -- revenue became -- we had a really strong quarter. And I think some of it too, we're being a bit conservative in our outlook.
Patrick Smith: Yes, I think -- well, part of it, again, is the U.K. approval, of the X2. We think that's really got a nicely -- it just opened up a key market for us. And we see actual opportunity for expansion in the U.K. We've obviously seen some pretty terrible events happening there recently where the national police union has been pushing for every officer that wants to carry Taser, to have the ability to carry one. We believe that there's actually some traction there and we'll see some expansion. So not just a replacement of the -- the X26Es that have been out of production for a few years, the only weapons that were in the U.K. up until this approval. So it will see continued growth in the U.K. and the TASER 60 and the Officer Safety Plan, these payment programs are continuing to drive some of that growth and we think there's still some fuel in that tank.
Patrick Smith: Yes. So I would tell you what we see is if agencies are using this system at any scale, I think they almost all renew. The only agencies I'm aware of it didn't renew were people who potentially flock the products and then weren't using it, smaller agencies. Those are literally the only agencies that I'm aware of, where when it came up time to renewal, hey, is anybody using this? And they weren't using it and they didn't renew. But if they're using it, they renew. Probably the best example there is Albuquerque. With the approval we just got from the city council. Those of you who have been watching over the years, Albuquerque had no shortage of controversy. They're one of our early adopters many years ago. And the Chief in Albuquerque used to come and speak in a lot of our conferences because we absolutely turned their program around.  They've started with the standard off-the-shelf camera and when they transitioned onto our platform, it was a real game changer. There was again some controversy around the Chief speaking at our convention et cetera, to where it was sort of a politically challenging environment in Albuquerque and I think when they actually -- and so there was a lot of scrutiny on the program and they tested multiple vendors. And what they found was our solution just really stood out. And not only did they renew, but they expanded the program in Albuquerque with thousands of additional cameras. So we really do stand by the customers that use our product find tremendous value in it. And just like we saw in Alameda County, getting an agency to change is really hard. They got to retrain their officers, et cetera. And -- but if we get that opening to go on and tested, all the investments we've made, building out a great hardware and software team and all the support functions, you know it really pays off because when customers actually try the solution, we're in a really great position.
Patrick Smith: Yes, absolutely. In the U.K., the CEO of Microsoft U.K. went with me to the London Met and they were absolutely critical, up until that point in time, the London Met was on track to build and run their own data center and that would have been really disruptive for us. You have to sort of run EVIDENCE.com in a customer's data center that's not going to have all the sort of standardization you'd get in a major cloud data center. And Microsoft was absolutely critical there. They've been very helpful in other international markets as well and here in the U.S. with federal agencies, we've co-presented in several places. So yes, they had really -- Microsoft sales channel is really effective and they've been a good partner.
Patrick Smith: Yes, they don't carry a quota specific to our solution, but since the new CEO took over at Microsoft a few years ago, it's been palpable. I mean they've made -- they've really -- it's been impressive how they pivoted their organizational focus and they just been on fire about cloud and they see us as a very strategic account because of all the progress we've made and really being the first mover in public safety and they courted us, frankly, really hard and they made a compelling case that together, we did really sell effectively and they've delivered on that.
Patrick Smith: Yes, I'll take that one. So in general, we have not seen that it derails deals because for the most part, if you're in a law enforcement agency and they're moving through a procurement, procurements are frankly somewhat painful process to go through and most people don't want to hit the restart button. And so what we found is what -- we just need to reassure our customers is sit down and take them through the economics that yes, you could take the year free, but -- or what you're effectively doing when you sign up with us is we'll have discounts and other incentives that gets you to as good a deal or better, as if you've taken the free year. And we're finding in most agencies, as long as they feel we're being transparent, they're being fairly treated and the deal is sensible, most of them say, let's just take this through to completion. We don't want to like pause, take a free year and then start a procurement over. But again, I think it's one of the reasons why we're really are focused on these payment plans for agencies to be able to just get on a program where they pay a known fee and we're upgrading their hardware regularly. That's really great for us. It accelerates our upgrade cycle and makes our business more predictable. But our customers I think love it even more than we do because for them to go back and have to do onetime purchases, it's just bureaucratically painful for them to do. So if we can streamline that process, it's great for both sides.
Patrick Smith: Great. Well, everybody, appreciate you joining us today. I'm really proud of the team and the work they did across the board. Josh and the sales team really delivered this quarter. You have Darren and the communications team, I think just did a great job with the name change and the national field trial offer. And we're really excited to add Jawad on board, bring a fresh perspective here and really look forward to seeing how the rest of the year plays out, feeling great about the momentum across the board. We just had our international sales meeting and we're really feeling great about the team that we have on the field globally now and tons of opportunity there for growth. So appreciate you all being shareholders and being part of the company and we look forward to hopefully seeing you here at our Shareholder Meeting here in Scottsdale later this month. And if you can't make that, then hopefully we'll have you on the next earnings call. So thank you, everybody. Have a great day.
