Luke Larson: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to Axon’s Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining on today’s call from management are Rick Smith, CEO and Founder; and Jawad Ahsan, our CFO. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Andrea James, our VP of Investor Relations, to read the safe harbor statement.
Luke Larson: Yes. This is Luke here. I mean with these new products it's difficult to know exactly what the core cost is going to be. We owned that. We are trying to communicate that in such way where we can get more confidence in the products that have more maturity. With fleet we are very confident in the long term. With the storage we just had the largest data migration in history and it was hard for all of the parties involved to understand what are all the components of that transfer would be. And we did not have accurate visibility on that. And therefore we couldn't forecast it. That something that's now behind us. At the Investor Day we are going to sign up for bottom line growth over the next three years and we feel really confident about it. We are putting both annual as well as long term performance act in place for key leaders to hit those targets.
Luke Larson: Yes. So the way we that we calculate our bonus plan is we have annual set of metric for the entire company is pay down and we are going to have one of the key metrics be tied to EBITDA and then for key executives we do long term three years performance [RQ] that will also be tied to EBITDA and next at the Analyst Day Investor conference we are going to lay out the plan for three year growth on the top line and the bottom line and we will kind be showing some targets that we are aiming at that we believe this incentive plan will align.
Luke Larson: Yes. That's a great question, Steve. Currently we think about our business in four key value stream, TASER, our digital evidence management and body-worn camera business have include ancillary product like Axon Signal, we got Axon fleet and then we have RMS. We will at our Investor Day talk about how we are thinking about signaling, how we are having dents in the body camera business contribute to the bottom line. One metric that we are discussing is showing percentage of our R&D invested on net new products. So great question, we will have more to talk about at the Investor Day and how we are thinking about that.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, that's exactly right. We have -- as we mentioned the data migration we had some of the leader pricing on the international beachhead account and we are expecting by Q1 that's going to behind us.
Jawad Ahsan: So that's absolutely something that we are going to discuss next week. I can tell you though that what I -- as Rick mentioned we are making this shift to profitability and we are going to be also Rick mentioned incentivizing our executive team and frankly all of our employees to be driving towards profitability.
Jawad Ahsan: You are good. Yes, I mean we are being very specific that body cameras are entering the profitability base. We do see that the overall software and sensors segment, at least what we have traditionally had in the software and sensors will be improving not only due to margin on hardware but also we will be launching some premium software services that are only possibly now that we build the network. It's going to help raise ARPU and those should be high margin services. The effect of fleet because of that using your product with lower gross margin will sort of counteract that a bit, the question comes out is how successful fleet is relative to body cameras. And that remains to be seen. Ultimately we've run the long term model on fleet; it is going to be very profitable segment for us. But we did -- when we call out that specifically as we think about these different segments, each of them are going to show their own S curve and they are on lifecycle and we are just calling it out now that very deliberately we think we had a hit a point now where body camera it is high on shift toward profitability.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. So it has jumped around a bit and we had a little bit of noise with that accounting change relative to equity this year but the headline point for us was that we simplified our tax structure that took effect in October and so we would expect that in Q4 you should start to see it come down. So at this point-- so it's hard to estimate what the impact is going to be from any of new equity tax changes but we are anticipating it will be south of 40%.
Jawad Ahsan: Also I wanted to clarify Jeremy that we said excluding fleet pass through hardware not excluding fleet in its entirety. So they are component of the deal which are third party pass through and that's where we are excluding.
Jawad Ahsan: So with something like fleet as we talked about it's tough to know what that pricing is going to do in the early stages. And as we shift that hardware there is going to be given the accounting rules, it is going to be some compression in the upfront margin but we are confident that over time these deals are going to be accretive to our margins and you may not see that effect immediately but again over time we do -- we are confident that that's going to be accretive.
Jawad Ahsan: So I think we are not going to give guidance specific guidance on operating margins for next quarter. What I can tell you that first of all we acknowledge that we got an opportunity to better at our forecasting and so we are -- and I owned that right. That's part of what we are doing with the building out the team and ensuring our capabilities. And so we are trying to -- we want to give guidance that we felt we could hit for Q4 as far as operating expenses. The other thing which shouldn't be lost in the comments we've given you is that we are bringing additional expense rigor and it is absolutely our intention to call back as much as of the increase as we can. And we are not going to give any specific guidance relative to that. But it is our intention to get Q4 as close to Q3 as we can.
Jawad Ahsan: I actually want just to highlight something here so what you can takeaway from this is that we don't have any of those profitability metrics in our compensation today. They have all that historically we focused on top line growth and that's exactly what the organization delivered. It's the system is working really well to do what it was designed to do. And now with the shift this pivot towards profitability we are fully expecting that we are going to execute on exactly the same thing and gain profitability. And so I think -- I point to our execution on our top line growth over the past few years as a proof point and more near term there were some concerns recently about inventory but we've executed on that and we are very much trending towards the guidance that we gave by year end, we will also have a line of cash flow. So I think the team has got a track record of executing and when we introduce profitability into our compensation metrics and I am fully expecting that you are going to start see manifest itself in the P&L.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, good question. So on an overall level we are not expecting 606 to have a huge impact on the business. But there is a lot of complexity in our revenue recognition and when we talked about as far as modifying or standardizing our contract language would in effect mimic the effect of 606 which will allow us to accelerate the revenue on hardware components that are delivered upfront. And there is really no other meaningful impact other than that we are expecting.
Rick Smith: Yes. I mean we feel really good about coming out of this. We are continuing to see lots of win backs. We are having discussions with some senior team customers that have gone on different platforms and are really struggling and they are hearing really positive things from the people who run at our platform. I was particularly delighted at the feedback on Axon fleet that product took us a little longer to get market that we initially we expected. I think we tried got on previous call, the complexity of immigrating into wireless networks and all the hardware in the patrol cars turned out to be big a little lift when we first launched that product. But I was just delighted at the positive feedback, every chief I talked to who had Axon fleet was telling me that they were just sort of blown away by the experience, the sort of connected nature of the cloud in their car was really compelling, the light weight hardware approach that we had taken it makes it easy to maintain, as well as giving really great feedback on the overall experience with our customer service staff we got to build sort of new function of people to be handling the customer installs and professional services related to that. So that I think felt a really good, we feel well position in the in car space. I had a great meeting with lot of state police colonels; they are very interested in our product. Then I think we are continuing to see a lot of customer excited around our AI strategy. A year ago we sort of announced going into record management with the idea that really video records and text records should end up in one system and ultimately the text record should be meta data that's extracted from the video record. And we made a lot of progress towards that with the build out of our AI capabilities in our team. So I think that is really resonating at a number of customers coming back and frankly tell us they selected us for their body camera vendor because they believe that vision is the right one that's much bigger than camera, so this is about a new whole new way to collecting and analyze information. So I think it was really solid show for us and we are feeling I mean better than ever about the overall competitive positioning.
Rick Smith: Yes. I think there is two items. And one we had a big shipment on one of this older contract from last year internationally that just really not high margins particularly the way the contingent hardware is handled so those things were at significant negative margin actually the way they accounted for and then there was fleet. The fleet hardware was sort of some of our initial pricing which is more aggressive and as Jawad pointed out early on there were some confusions with some of our customers about supporting hardware that they might need such as in-car routers et cetera and we made the call in some cases we provided at our cost some of combinations to those customers and that we think that's the right-- most important thing when you are entering new market space is make sure your first customer is have a great experience and so in that case we determine the right thing to do was to ease the cost and get off on a greater advantage. I think that was the right call but it did impact the quarter adversely. Though we got pretty good deals on that we should see continued improvement in fleet although fleet relative to body cameras is going to -- that we are in still sort of market introduction phase there so the margin and fleet will be less favorable than they are in body camera. I think it especially started in Q1, we expect to see overall net improvements so they are significant particularly in the body camera segment. And then fleet will improve relative to its performance last quarter. But we will provide more detail on that in the future.
Rick Smith: Steve, I want to clarify that this is also we are talking profitability in the body camera segment and we are making investment in other areas but at a enterprise level we are absolutely looking to drive leverage.
Rick Smith: One thing I'd like to jump in adds is just Jawad only been here for a few months and the impact on the organization has been pretty significant. Right of the gate he identified our international tax strategy was not optimal and moved aggressively to rectify it. And to have that completed a few months into job I think was a pretty big accomplishment. I mean that took a lot of work of booking accounting and legal to figure strategy, implement and execute. And then frankly bringing Jim Zito in .over in accounting, Jawad moved aggressively there as well. So let you -- we know we have not been great at forecasting our expenses and that we really need more rigor in our financial systems here -- also the material weaknesses are not something that are acceptable going forward. And I have been very pleased to see Jawad brought in, known people he has worked with in the team at E&Y, he has been I think pretty awesome as well to make sure that we move aggressively to get all leasing dialed in so they are behind us as we move into 2018.
Rick Smith: I think the question would probably better answered at our Investor Day where we are going go through a little bit more detail both between 2018 and the long term
Rick Smith: Just putting more color there we got in your discussions there is elements like routers and servers that are frankly sort of commodity items where we've gone through the debate do we have our customers go buy those independently rather than having a significant portion of pass through at very low margin and ultimately we made the decision that we need to make it easy for our customers that's more important than trying to optimize the margins and how they look on our income statement. So we think that's right call. We also I think understand it better but a lot of the deals through this quarter were early deals where we didn't have a great handle on that. And so there are lot more accommodations that we expect to make in a future.
Rick Smith: And just the silver lining on this fleet will be largely incremental to the existing business so it will be adding gross margin dollars even if a percentage rate may not be as high as the average segment so more the fleet we are adding the more gross margin dollars we will have in the business which is not maybe the same margin percentage.
Rick Smith: One thing I am going to add there is just to punctuate this 2018 I think will be the first year that you start to see us adding additional up sales services that would tend to go back and the uplifting some of those existing fees to some of the additional services we are launching. So historically our primary focus has been on growing the size of the network. We are certainly going to be continuing to do that but some of the things we are doing with AI et cetera there is an opportunity to go back and increase revenue for existing customers.
Rick Smith: Yes. And I would just highlight I think Jawad shown a lot of leadership here. This is a tough call for a new CFO to come in and say I want to add expense structure to get ready for the 606 change as well as remediate the material weakness and we could choose not to make those investments but we feel strongly and supporting that we enter into 2018 prepared for 606 as well as have this restructuring with our international entity in addition to really having a handle on these material weaknesses., and so Jawad made a strong push to come in and say let's bring in the right consultants, E&Y to get this done. And there is a cost to that and so I am supportive of that and I think we really believe this is the right investment for the company.
Rick Smith: Yes. So we are obviously going to be resetting the forward looking models in just a few days. So rather than getting into some of the details here I would tell you just in general we are really - -we are not optimizing for EPS in the fourth quarter. We are optimizing of a very solid 2018 and a predictable trajectory towards high profitable business over the next three years. And we know that our -- it is not surprised nor shock anybody in this call our ability to actually be forecast expenses in the street is not going to be bright spot for us. And Jawad has committed that those days will be behind us as we roll into next year. So he is got a team that's really focus on it and we are going to improve our performance there.
Rick Smith: Yes. So couple of things. There were some big federal orders. The approval of TASER in the UK, in United Kingdom, Jawad, how many cartridges do they typically use in training for TASER, it's significantly higher than the US.
Rick Smith: So right there the expansion of TASER in the UK that's significantly more cartridges they consume in training than our typical US customer. Then they are also launching LASER 60 in the UK is also have been helpful and helping them to sort of drive growth in bundle cartridges into service plan.
Rick Smith: It's completely sustainable so much so that most of our UK customers are committing to TASER 60 premium which builds in that number of cartridges every year and so that's -- it's going to turn that way here now in UK specifically. It's something they are particularly proud of I'll tell you in the UK. If you talk to UK policing that they believe that they are making the proper investment in weapon handling and weapon training and it's we don't see that going way they would get other countries and that may have more misuse issues and they believe part of the reason they've got lesser than in UK is the extensive training they do.
Rick Smith: No, again we don't like to give too much specific details but this is one very large customer that we signed last year. It was important flagship customer that opens international market for us and we shift a lot of cameras on that order.
Rick Smith: I would say that we are going to -- we are in this transition right now to the subscription model. Where historically we've been actually selling more booking shift and so you are going to see an impact on working capital but as our top line continues to grow I would expect that to normalize.
Rick Smith: Very good. So thanks everybody for joining us today. Obviously we are delighted with the top line growth that we experienced in the quarter. And we know we got some work to chop we got on expense issues. We've got some short term expenditures that we are making to really shore up our finance function. We are confident that we are in the right rigor in place so that we can improve more dramatically on both the top and bottom line as we roll out into 2018 and beyond. We look forward to giving you guys more details on that plan. Hope to see you all in New York. Thanks. Have a great day.
Jeremy Hamblin: Hi, guys. I want to come back to the hardware margins and think about -- you mentioned that fleet was about 10% of bookings in this quarter and I am guessing that it's probably going to be even larger portion moving forward but you know that you expect hardware margins to return to the 25% level as we enter 2018 but you also know that excluding fleet. So from the perspective of what -- given the difficulties that you had with gross margins this year and the underperformance on that. Should we -- what type of level should we be assuming that the Axon fleet gross margins are going to look like? I mean is this going to be selling at kind of negative 5%, negative 10% gross margin or how much of an impact could that have on next year's gross margin overall.
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes, now that's helpful. I think what I am -- the heart of my question is there is -- that they had really, really difficult time forecasting gross margin this year including this last quarter when you expected them to sequentially be up from Q2 and yet they were down significantly from Q2. So what I am really trying to get at is thinking ahead to next year and forecast in next year it sounds like there will be some improvement but maybe not that much of an improvement.
Jeremy Hamblin: No, I understand that Luke. And just to be fair even I add back the three times that were called out in your summary release. You still have gross margins that would have been just under 60%. So I am just trying to wrap my head around thinking is maybe kind of low 60s a better baseline to be thinking about rather than historically the company has been in the 63%, 64%, 65% range. And I just want expectations to be set appropriately.
Jeremy Hamblin: Let me move on to operating expenses which also came in higher than forecast. In terms of -- I just wanted to clarify the guidance for the fourth quarter is $53 million $54.5 million, is that or do we need to back out the recurring amortization expense for the Australian distributor. I mean since it's recurring I am assuming that's inclusive of your guidance. But I want to just pin down the range. $53 million to $54.5 million.
Jeremy Hamblin: It does, okay, great. So let me transition to something that was a very strong positive. On your Evidence.com revenues it looks like they were up about $3.5 million sequentially to about $16 million. In terms of what drove that growth - how much did your active paying licenses increase in Q3.
Jeremy Hamblin: Your Evidence.com service revenues right they occurred to roughly $16 million in the quarter. My question is how many active paying licenses, what was the increase in active paying licenses in the quarter. Paying licenses not the booking.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay, great. And then thinking into Q4, is there going to be a similar type of growth in terms of the number of licenses turned on or how should we be thinking about that.
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes. While you are already growing a pretty nicely on the service revenue side. So we look forward to continue growth and thanks for taking the questions.
