Rick Smith: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We will first start out with Dan Behrendt reading the Safe Harbor statement.
Rick Smith: I would just characterize it as the predictability of some of the larger orders is always challenging. I wouldn't say that we would expect in Q2, looking at it to see sort of our normal flow where we would have some large orders materialize in the quarter. As to which orders come in when, those are things that can be just really challenging to predict. For example, we had one large order last quarter, in the fourth quarter, that came in. It frankly wasn't even on our radar screen until it showed up here. I don't know if I should talk about which one it is in particular, but that's just sort of endemic of the business. So it can be difficult to predict quarter-to-quarter. But we do expect Q2 to be a more typical quarter, where we would see some significant international orders.
Rick Smith: Well, at this point what we wanted some re-judgment is really a literal infringement; a product literally infringes the claims. It's not over legally speaking, and so you go through trial because there are still issues up back. Certainly they will assert defenses around whether the patent themselves are valid, this typical pattern litigation. During that time period until we get to the trial, our assessment is that it's highly unlikely that most government agencies would buy a product knowing that it's been bound in a federal court to literally infringe upon existing patents. And early discussions with customers on that topic seem to be validating that point that it makes it very risky on their part to buy something that they are informed, literally infringes. They'd be relying on sort of a Hail Mary approach that the patent would be found invalid, which is frankly legally a very long shot defense in our assessment. So we do believe this, and we are seeing in our discussion with some customers that this long term could end up simplifying the sales process and streamlining it.
Rick Smith: Great question. Q3 is going to be more of a half launch, focusing a lot on online sales, online distribution. There's sort of two iterations, right? There is the mobile product that enables parents to have more control over a child's cell phone and how they monitor it. That can be (bugged) as a download, or they could buy preconfigured cell phones, so that there is no installation required on the parents' part. For the Driver Protector piece which includes a hardware component that gets installed in the vehicle, we are putting together a relationship with a national installer alliance that would be able to do those installations. That product would be available also through our online components, as well as through retail partners. We have not announced any retail partners, but we've had a high degree of interest, and I'd say we have at least one that's pretty far along the process that could be a late summer launch partner for the Driver Protector product.
Rick Smith: Yes, we're exploring all those options. Certainly, there's retail components. Any business that is currently involved in car security or car audio installation is a natural fit for the Driver Protector product. And of course, for the cellular service components, relationships with carriers certainly would be a great distribution channel in addition to consumer direct. We could intercept those at retail where this could be sold as an incremental service and configured in the retail environment where a phone is being configured at point of sale. So literally, the way this breaks out, I don't think we'll have great visibility on it until we're getting much closer to market and we're through our betas as to how it breaks out between the direct download, the retail day sales, and carrier partnerships. And then there is some interesting other third party alliances that could be forged around. There is, for example, insurance carriers or others that could see the risk mitigation benefits of products like the Driver Protector in particular. So, we're very confident that we've got the right product in terms of how we get it to market. We're going to have to experiment frankly with a number of different approaches until we find the one that really resonates to get the best degree of convenience and efficiency to get it for the customer.
Rick Smith: I think you're asking about the AXON and ECIDENCE.COM launch in Q3? Yes, that will be primarily U.S.-based, because the data center is out here in the U.S. Although we'll have some international pilots that we'll start to run off the U.S. datacenter, but we have discovered that there is fair amount of concern from international customers about housing data in the U.S. because of the Patriot Act, whereby the U.S. government reserves the right to access just about any data stored in the U.S. And a lot of foreign police agencies are not comfortable with that fact. But we have had a number of international folks now that have agreed that they would pilot the capability out of our U.S. data centers. So it'll be primarily, I would say, a North American launch or expansion. And this is one of those that because of the nature of the product, it's a fairly complex rollout. So it's going to be probably a little more slow-growing than our typical ECD products where customers just go to the distributor and buy them, because here again, they have to have their accounts set up, get the hardware and get trained. There is some interaction with the local IT department in terms of making sure they've got the right high bandwidth internet access, et cetera. So it's likely to be a slower rollout. But of course, on the positive side, there is a significant recurring revenue model within the business as it ramps.
Rick Smith: Again, as Dan pointed out, there is a large existing revenue budget item area for incident video. It's in the hundreds of millions of dollars. So that's good news that there is existing budget fund in a lot of places. I think it's really more about the logistics of rolling these systems out that will be a bit of a limiting factor early on. But again, one of these damages of a SAP-based business model is there's a lot of complexity upfront; would the complexity sit on the provider rather than on the customer. And we would expect that then there will be sort of a ramping and accelerating ability for us to bring customers online, so that the first customers electing pilots takes several weeks to get up and running and trained and the kinks worked out. As we get towards the end of the pilot phase and we get into the production, bringing customers online might still be for significant agencies a few weeks. And our goal will be to drive that time down and down and down by streamlining the process. So by the time we're rolling out our 100th agency that we're doing it much faster and more efficiently and our processes are firming up. And by the time, we get to our 1000th agency that we've got it down to something that's really going like clockwork. But I just think from a modeling perspective we should be conservative in that this is a solution sale; there are more touch points involved within the agency, it's not just the tacticians, but it's the IT departments as well. So there is sort of these tradeoffs, right? Budget should be easier. There is existing programs at many of the agencies, but that also means we have to migrate people potentially from existing solutions over to our solution, and that can take some time particularly in the larger agencies. Where I think the business gets really interesting is, we're able to start scaling it in the smaller and smaller agencies because the smaller agencies tend to be less political and setup should go faster. But then you're talking about setting up hundreds of agencies or thousands of agencies, and so that places more strain on our systems to be able to do that reliably and consistently. So we'll start on sort of the larger and mid-size agencies. I think we'll the first to see this, because frankly just the revenue opportunity justifies the higher level of expense involving getting them set up until we get more streamlined. And as we get more streamlined, our setup costs drop, and at that point we can take this out to the smaller agencies and more of the mass police market.
Rick Smith: I think it's a little bit of both. I think some of these guys are holding off to see where the rest of the budgets shake out, and want to make sure that they don't fall short on their budget. So they're sitting a little bit on the sidelines and waiting to get towards the end of their fiscal year. Q2 is a fiscal year-end for a lot of agencies, and we are hopeful that would give them opportunity to say, okay, we've got these stimulus dollars, you know, they've got a good idea where they're going to end up for the regular budgets and will go ahead and spend it. I'm not getting the impression that there is a ton of spending for other types to price. Like I said, I think we're getting our fair share, and I think there's still a fair amount of money on the sidelines. 
Rick Smith: All right, I think you had appreciatively used time this morning. A number of exciting products are coming down the pipeline. Stay tuned for the rest of the year, and we'll be back. Hopefully we will see some of you guys at our shareholder meeting, which is coming up here in late May; it's May 27, here at TASER headquarters. And by the way, you come down, check out the headquarters, come visit your company. And we look forward to meeting you there, and we'll talk to you again with our second quarter results in July. Everybody have a great day and a fantastic weekend.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks, Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth; estimations regarding the size of our target markets; successful penetration of the law enforcement market; expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets; growth expectations for new and existing accounts; expansion of production capabilities; new product introductions; product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products; establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels; attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community; the level of product technology and price competition for our products; the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and the accompanying demand for our products; potential delays in international and domestic orders; implementation risks of manufacturing automation; risks associated with rapid technological change; execution and implementation risks of new technology; new product introduction risks; ramping manufacturing production to meet demand; litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths; negative publicity concerning product uses and quality risks; potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results; competition; negative reports concerning TASER device uses; financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers; dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers; fluctuations in component pricing; risks of governmental investigations and regulations; TASER product tests and reports; dependence upon key employees; employee retention risks; and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, sure thing, Eric. This is Dan. X26, we saw 13,935 units for the quarter. M26, we saw 707. We had 5,381 C2s sold. TASER CAMs, we actually had a strong quarter for TASER CAMs. We had a large announcement at the end of the quarter. We sold 4,252 TASER CAMs. And cartridges, 304,761. And then some of the new products; the X3, we had 423 units; and XREP, we had 1,379 XREP packages sold.
Dan Behrendt: On the gross margin side, I think there's a couple of things that came into play. And obviously while the first quarter sales of $23.8 million are reasonably aligned with what we did last year in the first quarter, there's certainly a lack of leverage on the indirect part of the gross margin. So as our sales increase, we should see just a natural increase in margins by leveraging those costs. On the automation side of things, we actually kind of ran both the automation line and the manual line. Mostly, it's driven by the factor we had on the inventory that was specific for the manual cartridge line. So we want to burn through that inventory and not leave it on the shelf. So as a result, we didn't fully utilize automation. I think as automation comes online, we'll see an improvement in margins. In the first quarter, we saw sort of the scenario of having all the depreciation, but not fully utilizing equipment. I think as we move into the second quarter, we'll see the utilization of that automation equipment go up, which will improve margins. The new products, the PROTECTOR product, because again, it's a retail product, it probably won't enjoy the same margin profile as our existing products. But again, you have that ongoing SaaS model. The SaaS part of those products will have a nice gross margin. But the retail selling won't be quite as strong. But overall, the (military) product we still feel good about, and we do expect margins absent that data center to improve as sales improve. As far as the operating expenses, we're really laser-focused on keeping our expenses down. First quarter, we actually were under-budget on expenses. So even things like the audit and the trade shows like CES and SHOT Show, even with those expenses in there, we still saw a relatively small increase over the fourth quarter, which is also pretty strong. So we're really focused on organization and trying to keep the cost down to make sure that we're going to get the leverage out of every line that we can.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. A lot of the orders we're seeing are still through distribution. And really where we're getting the information is polling our distributors to see how much stimulus money they are seeing in their business, both for TAZER and other products. And definitely I think we're getting our fair share out of the products they rep. It hasn't been individually significant; we saw the large order from Philadelphia in Q4. I haven't seen anything of that size in Q1, but we saw just more of sort of the 25 to maybe $100,000 orders. But I think it's still just a net positive. We're up as Rick said 30% year-over-year, and up sequentially as well. So I feel that the domestic part of the business is turning the corner, and hopefully stimulus allows us to continue to have a good 2010.
