Rick Smith: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Of course before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our Chief Financial Officer, to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Rick Smith: Yes, well, this is Rick. So the first thing I would tell you is actually the long-term view of this is it's really not a Video business. It's a cloud services business that's being driven with our first major application being on-officer video. So I would say where we -- this past quarter we actually picked up a lot of deals that we were at risk of losing previously and the major thing there was there is just a segment of the market that wants an inexpensive camera, very price sensitive or they just -- they want something to just clip on their uniform and go they don't want to have to run a wire somewhere or wear a camera up on their glasses. It's also quite interesting actually that by introducing the body camera we're able to pull several deals back but actually one of them, a fairly good size one had already gone to bid and specified a competing camera in the bid. And that bid was then kind of pulled back and reworked once they knew that there was now our camera in the market that had the same advantages frankly at a much lower price and would give them the ability to integrate with our back end over the long-term. But the other thing very interesting is of the agencies that wanted - that were looking at the AXON flex previously the vast majority of them stayed with the flex with the perspective view. And so it seems like once the customer understands the advantages of the officer perspective they stick with it. It seems more like agencies that are sort of newer to the concept of video that are likely to be more sensitive around cost or convenience, and then a little less performance sensitive. I would -- of the deals we know of I'm not aware of any large deals since we put the body cam out that have gone away from us. But again, it's only been there for a little while, so there haven't been that many big deals that have closed during that time period. In terms of the competitive landscape I would say we're competing primarily with hardware vendors, folks that sell the camera and they might give away an app to help with some of the data management. I think we're unique in that having to integrate it to cloud services offering although this year at IACP there's palpable shift. No, there was none of this like fear of the cloud sentiment there was a year ago. So we do believe that competitors over the coming year or so are going to look to move more in the direction of having a robust cloud offering. So that's one of the reasons that we think we have unique advantage today and we got to press our advantage now. We're finding customers or this is a very sticky business. Once we get people on the system they love it. And we just got to make sure we win as many deals as fast as we can during this next year when we think we'll continue to have a real advantage. Obviously we intend to maintain that advantage over time but it would be imprudent for us to assume that we're going to be able to maintain the advantage we have today indefinitely.
Rick Smith: This is a very insightful question. We're actually talking in the booth at IACP this year it was very reminiscent of the 2002 IACP, which was the year that TASER, the weapons business hit the tipping point. Prior to that, early on there was a lot of skepticism about, we can't use electricity to incapacitate people and these weapons are controversial, not sure this is for us and then 2002 was when I remember just stay in the booth talking with people, it went from sort of explaining why they should even consider TASER devices to all of a sudden every conversation was about, oh yeah we're doing this, we're planning on this, it’s coming next year, we felt a very similar sentiment shift around both on-officer video and cloud which by several years we've been proselytizing it in the booth basically talking to skeptics, talking them through their concerns. Last year, having an agency come up and say they were considering buying a couple of hundred cameras, would have been something that was very noteworthy, we would have been, everybody in the booth would have been talking about that one customer at the end of the day. This year we had probably dozens of conversations with agencies talking about hundreds of cameras within the next year. So obviously there's still a lot of work to be done and I would caution that with big order like Albuquerque made the big difference last quarter so I don't know that we're going to see a smooth and continuous upward sloping adoption curve, there is probably going to be fits and starts along the way. But I think we've now passed –we’re now past the point of no return that on-officer video has been accepted, it's coming. There is very few people that are saying it's not coming. I think the way we look at it now is this who is going to win, what business model will prevail and how fast does this going to happen that's why as we talked about our strategy, it is about accelerating both the market and accelerating our market share.
Rick Smith: Well, your average police department in the United States has about 50 officers. They may or may not have an IT department. They are maybe subject to working with an IT department, it's over the reports within City somewhere else but there is very little direct relationship or control between the agency and their IT department. What we've generally seen is the systems that our customers are deploying tend to be fairly outdated in terms of the user experience, in terms of the efficiency, I was at a conference in at the IACP where Chief Tom Streicher from Cincinnati talked about a program that based on over $10 million deploying a digital record management system in Cincinnati that ended up being 15 years approximately late in its deployment. They have spent well over their budget, they are -- well between $10 million and $20 million before the thing ever went live and the days went live, there assessment was that the technology was already at least a decade out of date. We hear stories like that all the time. So our customers give you a number of different things. There is electronic ticketing system, there is automated license plate reader systems, there is record management systems with their tax based records, there is jail intake systems, there is booking photos, interview rules, in-car video systems the associated backends, which we're already going after with EVIDENCE.com. There is Computer-Aided Dispatch Systems where you got to be able to locate the vehicles massive to the calls that are coming in. So there is a lot of different systems that our customers buy and we believe that there will be enormous opportunities and we're looking at this from a buy, build or partner perspective that in some cases it's going to make sense for us to partner and in some cases it's going to make sense for us to just build extensions in EVIDENCE.com, but once our customers are managing their users on EVIDENCE.com and once they were managing their digital evidence those are their most precious and core records that you have because the digital evidence is not workflow, this is stuff you collect at the scene, you got to make sure you're protected in such a way that meets the federal rules of evidence and to be able to show that it's not been altered in any way. We believe that becomes really a core system. And by analogy if you look what salesforce.com has done, they entered Corporate America through sales force automation, but they've sent had adjacent offerings like we are sales force customer. We love it, makes our lives easy. We don't have to think about managing a big sales customer relationship management system onsite and we now use their service product offering for customer service. We've gone to work.com which is our HR module et cetera. So we see a similar opportunity for us to exempt from just the digital evidence in the several of the other core systems that takes to on a police agency.
Rick Smith: I'd add one other thing to that. Just as getting into booth at IACP talking to Chiefs the one other dynamics that's happening is the financial environment is improving and I talked to lot of chiefs who basically said, we spent quite three or four years going through cut after cut after cut and they're now coming out of that and they're saying our patrol cars are worn out -- basically, they are coming into a situation where they realize they're going to have to upgrade a lot of their capital equipment to include TASERs. So I think this market tends to lag as much of the economy. And so while things have recovered the last couple of years I think they're finally starting to come out and we're seeing just some strength there that they're able, they've got the budget availability now to going to upgrade some -- those units that are getting older. So hopefully that will continue and may be even accelerate into next year.
Rick Smith: Okay, now let's go and take a question that came in from Twitter. The question was how much of a threat does Google Glass pose in the short term and long term future to take this AXON Flex and the body cameras? It's a great question. I have got a Google Glass, we're early explorers, it is a great product, I really enjoy it and we see really our strategy is to enable these consumer devices to be deployed by law enforcement through our fine infrastructure. So Google Glass will be a great option for customers down the road. I would say that I have shown Glass to a number of law enforcement officers. The current iteration of Glass is probably not going to really fit the needs of patrol police officers for a couple of reasons. Probably the biggest one is officers really are very particular about keeping their visual fields distraction free. If they are going into an environment they want to keep their peripheral vision they want to keep their hearing free on both sides and really be able to focus on the threat environment around them. And as again Google Glass is a fantastic product, but having the screen in your visual field can be quite distracting and the vast majority of officers I showed it to said for patrol use or for detective use they would not wear that while doing a sizable job. They would prefer to have a camera that unobtrusive that it does not really come into their visual fields, Frank. They do not want to think about the camera or their computer screens when they are actually in an incident. I would say we are also keeping an eye on what's happening in the smart watch space, the wearable computing. Based on early customer feedback we take that for alerting purposes something on the rest is probably more amendable to law enforcement use case that way they can choose to look at it or not with the vibration type of alert, but not have things popping up in their visual field that could be distracting at critical moments. So we remain excited to see what happens in the consumers space and again actually part of the EVIDENCE.com plan is to enable our customers to use these great consumer technologies seen what they're having to buy and build a bunch of IT infrastructure on site. : We look forward to updating on our fourth quarter progress on our next call in February. And for those if you are interested, I will be appearing on CNBC's Fast Money tonight at 05:30 pm Eastern. So tune in and I will get to chance to talk to more about the great things happening with TASER and EVIDENCE.com. So everyone have a great day.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today's call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions, and strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International, Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date in which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I think it's probably similar to the sort of our comments last quarter. I think we're satisfied with renewals we're seeing. Customers that are heavy users of the system are renewing in rates that we're satisfied with. The tough thing is a lot of the sales that we've made over the last year are sort of pay trials. Some of those customers have bought just a handful of units and they may not be ready to deploy video. So I don't want to overly read into just the renewal rates an agency level so we’re trying to develop the right metrics that just sort of share with the market. It's also pretty early, this - I think, as we get into -- into next year I think it's probably more appropriate for us to share [inaudible] we’ll have a little bit more data, but we're satisfied with where we sit today. The people who are utilizing the system regularly are renewing. I think they see the value. I think people that bought a couple of cameras and really aren't utilizing the system much, are probably less likely to renew, but they just may not be quite ready to move to video, but I think we're seeing even some of those customers come back into the fold just due to the momentum and the video market in general.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, Mark this is Dan. Yes, absolutely we're seeing, certain investments we're definitely seeing an immediate return for. I think telesales is one of those areas where those are sell funding positions. We continue to see our telesales each quarter increase and we have a disappointed diminishing returns at this point. So we've added significant of those resources and paying off. Some of the other things we're investing in have longer terms payoffs. Things like the investment in international, we're definitely making those investments as we indicated. We haven't seen that translate into sales yet. But we knew going in it's probably 18 months to 24 months cycle before those investments start paying off. So we'll continue to make those investments -- just the investments we're making on customer facing roles in the video segment, things like account management as well as additional outside sales resources as well as implementation services. Those are investments we've made, and in fact we're accelerating some of those investments. As Rick said, we basically doubled our outside sales headcount for the video segment and we'll continue to make those investments to grow that business. As Rick said, its bit of a land grab right now we want to make sure that we don't under resource our investments, especially those customer taking roles. We want to make sure we're in front of every customers that's got an interest in purchasing video products or digital EVIDENCE management solutions and we want to make sure that our ability to win or lose, we don't want that to be dependent on -- under resourcing that. So yes, we do expect we will continue to increase our investments in those areas. I stated the one thing that it's been higher than may be originally planned some of the cost around litigation. But as we indicated, I think we're going to sort of stay at these high levels for a few more quarters and then we expect those to tail off. And some of it it's just due to the timing of cases. It's tough to predict exactly when cases are going to come to trail and when the -- there is just a lot of workflow around that. So I think so far we're satisfied with our ROI and those incremental investments. And I think we will continue to increase them over time to make sure that we can grow that video business as quickly as possible.
Dan Behrendt: I think our focus right now is really to -- in growing the top-line more than just sort of the near-term profitability. One of the great things about -- sort of a cloud business is that recurring revenue stream so that -- for us, the focus is to get as many people on that system right now and the profitability will come with scale but we don't want to run it for the sort of the near term profit, it's really more of a long-term play at this point.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan again. I think we're seeing across all segments -- strata of the market. We're seeing the sort of the small agencies; they are served by power efficacies to grow. I think that's has been a underserved part of the market. So I think that is -- certainly help to grow the sales to sort of that part of market better than what they're served before through us or through distribution. The large agencies, you've a deal like Houston this quarter for 2200 units, that's a big order for us. And I think the fact they went to City Counsel and requested to upgrade their entire install base over the next several years, with that first purchase being made this quarter. I think it's just indicative of the fact that I think agencies understand the need to upgrade to the new platform. And I think it's -- we certainly it's a big opportunity there, but we're really seeing it across all segments of the market and that upgrade remains a big opportunity. I think now the other thing is we're continuing to see further penetration to market as well where we've agencies that may be didn't have TASERS before or only had a small part of their police force carrying the TASERS are now carrying either buying for the first time or more going to full deployment from partial deployment. So I think we can still have wide space in North America as well even though there national businesses was just supporting this quarter that remains to be an opportunity that's 10 times bigger than U.S. market so it's one we can continue to invest to grow.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, the two main items were the return provision. We estimate our taxes each year, and then when you follow return, the return can differ from the estimate. We actually had a $425,000 benefit this quarter where our actual tax return had lower taxes than we'd accrued for in the result last year. Putting the domestic production activities deduction, which is a mouthful - by starting to take that that's going to lower effective tax rate roughly by 1%. So because we just put that in place or sort of a year to-date catch up that's worth about $200,000 in the quarter. And then the last thing is with disqualifying dispositions of incentive stock options, the company can deduct incentive stock option expense for tax purposes until the employee had taxable income. So unlike non-bond like stock options, which we deduct over the service period incentive stock options you don’t deduct the expense around that until deploy actually has a disqualifying disposition and paid taxes. So we had some tax relief from that this quarter as well.
