Patrick W. Smith: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining today. Before we get started, I’m going to hand over to Dan Behrendt to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Patrick W. Smith: Thanks Dan. As you all can imagine, once again, I’m in a very nice position of being able to be so proud of the team of people here at TASER that have worked so hard for you over the past several years to turn in a result like this; our third consecutive quarter of strong operating results. As you’ve probably seen in the press release, net sales of $28.8 million were an increase of 18% over the prior year, and the business generated $9.9 million in cash from operations. Our ECD business segment, as you know, we’ve broken them amount now, so that our shareholders and investors can see how we’re running the core ECD business versus the video business. It’s obviously on two different phases. The ECD is a very strong and growing cash-generation segment business; and we’ve been investing in video, although you’re starting to see some traction take hold there. In the ECD business segment, revenues were flat in the second quarter, although the second quarter is sequential – is typically a seasonally stronger quarter. So, it was a good season for our sales group to get the same mark in the third quarter, with revenues growing 15.9% over the prior year. Our ECD margins, gross margins came in over 64%. So, operations and manufacturing teams are doing a great job there, controlling the costs and driving margin. In the video business, we saw a 30% sequential increase on a GAAP basis from $1.3 million to $1.7 million in recognized revenue, growing 65% year-over-year. But if we look at the sales bookings, they doubled sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter. Obviously, there’s a difference between GAAP and bookings, in that a proportion of the revenues are ascribed to services; in some cases, services being delivered over a five-year time horizon. And as such, we defer those revenues and recognize them as the service is delivered. And with that, I’m going to turn over to Dan to go into more detail on the financial aspects, and I’ll come back to talk more qualitatively about the business.
Patrick W. Smith: Yeah. We’ve seen a number of those, where the agency says, well, we don’t have the budget for it. We go down the TPP route, where they start moving in towards approving that. And then they end up coming back and saying, well, we found the money we’ll just buy it. And we estimate that those deals may have gone cold on us had we not had the ability to make the offer.
Patrick W. Smith: Yeah. So the TAP program is, let’s say you buy a TASER today for round numbers for $1,000. You can go – you could either buy an extended warranty which is basically around $300. It’s no-questions-asked five-year warranty, or we can put you on this new TASER Assurance Plan. And what you do there is you pay – it’s included for the first year if you sign up for it. There’s no additional payment upfront. Then, at year one, you pay $195 and you get on that and basically every year it’s $195.Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Patrick W. Smith: What we do with that is we include the no-questions-asked warranty; we give you some on-site spares. So if you ever have a unit go down, instead of waiting, having an officer without a TASER, while it’s being shipped back for repair or replacement, you can pull one from your spare parts inventory to keep your operators live. That’s been a really well-received benefit from the people we’re talking to.Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Patrick W. Smith: And then at the end of the year five, we replace that unit with a like unit, a brand-new unit every five years. Basically the way to think about it, you get the – for a $1,000 that you’re paying almost like a pre-paid basis, we bundle in warranty...Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah.
Patrick W. Smith: Absolutely. That’s what we heard from our customers. They don’t like spending their political capital...Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah.
Patrick W. Smith: To go back and make special requests. It’s kind of a pain for them to do that, where they prefer putting it on operating budget, autopilot, so to speak. Once they’ve accepted the TASER’s capability, they’re going to need – it’s an interesting dynamic. New agencies tend to wanted to sort of buy new capabilities and test them out using like drug asset forfeiture funds, et cetera, sort of one-time money. Once they’re convinced they need it, then it’s going to be an ongoing part of the operation. The feedback we’ve gotten is they prefer to just put this in their operating budget, so it doesn’t become something they have to deal with on a sporadic basis.Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah, okay. All right. Thank you, guys.
Patrick W. Smith: Okay. Well, like many of you, I was watching the stock this morning and I think we all had a light heart, feeling good. Again, I know there’s been some pain to get here, both operationally for the company and for our shareholders; it’s been a hard road. We’ve been investing significantly. We appreciate the patience. You’ve stuck with us. We’re seeing some of those rewards now. And you can rest assured that our investment management team here remain very focused on continuing to run a profitable business, generating strong operating results and leveraging the investment we’ve made in some of these new business segments to start bringing them to the same state of being that we’ve achieved with our core ECD business, which is solid growth, strong profit, lots of cash generation. So, look forward to talking to you all after the first year. Have a great holiday season and thank you one more time for being a shareholder in TASER.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995; and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of the law enforcement market, expansion of product sales through the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to, market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth in the markets which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology, new product introduction risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related to injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence on sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risk of government investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence on key employees, employee retention risks and other factors as detailed in company’s filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Yes. Sure, Steve. So, in the third quarter, we still had a rebate in place. It was $210 per unit, and that goes down to $160 in the fourth quarter. We haven’t announced a 2013 program yet, but there will be some program in place. We’ve seen that having -those trade-in programs has made a difference. Our customers have a hard time, I’d say, disposing a unit that’s still operational. So, giving them some value for that unit has made a difference. We saw that in the first quarter, where we sort of went without a program for the first two months of the quarter and we had lower unit sales in X2 as a result. So, we definitely see a correlation there. The accounting for it is, we basically just take a full reserve for the trade-in credit at the time of the sales. So, we basically reduce the total sale value by that trade-in credit. So, it’s already reflected in the results, in the lower sales value. And as those units come back, we’ll just offset that accrual. But there is no – basically at that time of the sell-in, we fully account for that trade-in value.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Yeah. I think our view is that we do need that sort of trade-in credit; some kind of program, how big it needs to be, I think we can – it will continue to iterate on. But I think having – especially when you’re sighing about somebody with an operational unit disposing of it, I think emotionally it’s just a lot easier for them to get some value there. I think the good news is the higher selling price of the X2 allows us, the economics still work for us, and you’ve seen that in the results all year. Even with this trade-in program in place, we’ve been able to put up high results. It’s not like we’ve had to sacrifice profitability to offer that, and we do believe there’s a big market. As far as pulling things forward, yeah, there is probably – we definitely want to spur action here. Would those both people eventually upgrade? Yeah, potentially, but we want to sort of spur action here. And we do think there’s sort of a momentum effect here. I think our customers tend to look to each other to see how to operate their individual agencies. So, the more agencies we can have upgrading, and that sort of drumbeat I think will create more momentum in that upgrade and drive that point home.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Actually in the cartridge sales, we did – basically, we did have a special on cartridges this quarter for our distributors that allowed them to stock up. So, I expect the cartridge sales to probably tail-off a little bit in Q4 as a result. But we basically – we went through a program where we increased the price of cartridges for distribution to reflect the fact that they don’t have to put in as much effort to sell a cartridge. But we basically what we did as part of that is we told the distributors that twice a year we’ll run some specials on cartridges to allow them to stock up, if they need to. So I do expect we’ll probably see a little bit of a degradation in those cartridge unit sales in Q4. But I think it’s sort of a good balance with the distribution, and I think it’s been pretty popular with our distributors to give them opportunity to – twice a year they can stock up and recognize a little higher margin on those cartridges.
Daniel M. Behrendt: And the reality is, although we have 18 or so distributors, there’s only a handful that stock in large quantities. So, there is a few of them that really took advantage of the program. A lot of the – maybe smaller distributors are the ones that don’t tend to stock as much, didn’t take as much. So, like I said, I think we’ll be back to more normal levels in Q4. But it certainly it helped this quarter. The third quarter is seasonally a little slower for us. So it made sense for us to run that cartridge special this quarter, and we certainly saw the benefit of that special. And like I said, the economics are still good for us on that sale. Basically, we increased their prices at the beginning of this year; and basically, when we run the special, it’s kind of going back to the prices maybe they had back in 2011. So, the economics still work.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Yeah. We gave them basically an opportunity, even with the -to sort of have the old prices for Q1 and then it started in Q2 basically.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Yeah. I think it really is driven by that sort of the top line growth. We need – we’re continuing to focus on and we do want to – we do see a situation where we want to sort of grab as much of that market as we can. You do have sort of the long tail of the EVIDENCE.com. So getting as many customers in that system as possible is really the primary focus. Obviously, we want to be profitable as quickly as possible. But it’s – we want to make sure that the product is right. Want to make sure those customers, those early adopters, are well served. That’s why we’re looking at some account management and some other functions. So it’s a – we’re absolutely committed to getting that to profitability, but we also want to make sure that – like a lot of SaaS businesses, there is a large fixed component cost. We want to make sure that we get as many people using that system as possible and that will pay off in the years to come.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Yeah. Mark, this is Dan. Obviously, we’ve been very happy with the cash generation of the business. Even with the buyback, we’ve actually grown our cash balances this year with the – even with the $20 million buyback. We’ll continue to look at buybacks over time as a way to return excess cash to shareholders. We do see value in those programs. So, that’s something we’ll continue to evaluate. As far as M&A, obviously, if we do that, we’ll announce that to the broader market when it happens. But right now, we’re really just focused on operating the business as efficiently and effectively as possible, and I think the cash generation is a product of that. And it’s something we’ll continue to focus on.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Yeah. Mark, this is Dan again. I think it’s been – it’s early. So, we’ve had a couple deals already. In the first quarter we’ve announced this. I think there’s sort of some other sort of tangential benefits to the program. I think it allows us to keep the conversation going with our customers; customers that say, hey, this is a tough budget environment, we can’t, we just don’t know if we can upgrade our units this year or maybe increase the number of TASERs we have. I think it keeps the conversation going instead of saying, hey, let’s not stop it; you’ve got a tough budget; let’s talk about things that TASER can do to spread those payments over time. Maybe allow an agency to upgrade all at once versus having to do it over a several year period. So I think it’s been good; it’s been well received by customers. It is a little bit early. I think we’ll continue to talk about on the calls as we have deals. And certainly this quarter we had $1.1 million of our business this quarter was directly associated with these TASER Protection Plan deals. So, I think that’s a good start for the first quarter, and there’s definitely a pipeline of interest there. We’ll see how many deals we do, like I said. I think even regardless of whether – the amount of deals, I think the sales folks find it valuable, because it gives them another arrow there in their quiver to – as they have conversations with agencies and make sure that the budget conversation doesn’t stop the sale process.
Daniel M. Behrendt: So basically a year ago, it would have been zero. This is a brand-new function, so.Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay, okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt: The service revenue will continue to grow. The amount of – as I mentioned on the balance sheet, the deferred revenue is the line of the balance sheet that’s growing. So that...Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt: So, that service component. And the – we’re starting to see the E.COM service revenues come through from deals we’ve done earlier in the year. That’s you’ll see – every quarter, you’ll see more of that previously deferred revenue recognized. So we are seeing that. I don’t think it would be to the extent of a couple million dollars. I think...Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt: And what happens is that offset ends up down in the SG&A line, because then we pay a sales commission...Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  I got it.
Daniel M. Behrendt: It’s definitely higher. We had, like I said, we had almost $300,000 of variable selling expenses. So, that would say that several million dollars more of direct business this quarter versus the prior quarters.Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt: About a third.Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  A third, okay. And so that was up from, call it, 20% and went to the 30%.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Well, actually it’s normally about a third. So it probably went from about a third to about 40%.Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay, okay. And then finally, Rick, you had mentioned that TAP program, and I got a little bit sidetracked and I wasn’t quite sure what that was referring to.
