Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Good morning. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth; estimations regarding the size of our target markets; successful penetration of the law enforcement market; expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets; growth expectations for new and existing accounts; expansions of production capabilities; new product introductions; product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products; establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels; attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in law enforcement community; the level of product technology and price competition for our products; the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and the accompanying demand for our products; potential delays international and domestic orders; implementation risks of manufacturing automation; risks associated with rapid technological change; execution and implementation risks of new technology; new product introduction risks; ramping manufacturing production to meet demand; litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths; media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injure and deaths; negative impact this could have on sales; product quality risks; potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results; competition; negative reports concerning TASER device uses; financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers; dependent on sole and limited source suppliers; fluctuations in component pricing; risk of government investigation regulations; TASER product test reports; dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan Behrendt. Yeah, we've definitely saw a much larger impact from the stimulus in Q4 and then Q4 of 2009 and Q1 of 2010. We didn't see as much impact in Q2. You know, we think part of what's happened is some of that stimulus money has actually just helped to prop up the budgets and really just replace other capital, you know, capital that they had at their capital budgets. So it didn't have the positive increase to the capital budgets, we'd hoped for as really kind of allowed things to stay in the status quo. Certainly, we see a challenge on the municipal side, but we've sort of seen the business stay relatively flat year on year, but I think as we move into the second part of the year, I think the challenge will be how much of that stimulus money still exists out there. We certainly saw a much smaller impact in Q2 than what we saw in Q1.
Dan Behrendt: Certainly. So the X 26 units for the quarter were 13,503. We sold 711 M26s, 3,261 C2s and the cartridge sales for the quarter are about 258,269.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. This is Dan again. I think it's a little bit of all those things. I think it's really more sort of inventory levels. I think cartridges are definitely one of the things that you see purchases with sort of the budget flush moneys at the end of the quarter. I think, to an extent, the municipal budgets are weak, you don't see those purchases as much. But I think what we saw in 2009, you know, was a real strong year for cartridges after kind of a weaker 2008. So there's going to be sort of an ebb and flow. Obviously, as the install base continues to increase long-term, we feel good about the cartridge part of the business. But, you know, tough budget environment. I think, people can sort of, you know, kind of milk down their inventories a little bit and, you know, as a result defer purchases. I don’t think if the sales go away, I think it’s just more of a deferral.
Dan Behrendt: Eric, this is Dan. I think it's a little bit of that. I think it's also that what happened is their normal capital budgets got swept into cover things like payroll and then they used the stimulus money to replace the capital budget. So we didn't really see the positive impact. It was sort of a pocket shift towards the capital budgets, used to issue pay salaries and then took the stimulus money and put it in the capital budgets to kind of keep the status close. So I think it was a little bit of a shift. I don't think they've used stimulus monies for salaries, but it's really more they just swept the capital budgets to use the stimulus in place.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Okay. So for the quarter, net sales were $19.1 million, which was a decrease of about 12%, compared to second quarter of last year. The decrease was primarily driven by fewer significant international orders. We have been looking after a number, we got a number of very significant international orders we've been working. We’re not able to get them disburse in the quarter. We do believe that we’ll get at least one or two of those significant orders in the back half of the year, which could have a significant impact on the business. But as we talked about historically, these large orders typically have longer sales cycles, just there's a lot of political things happening over to get them closed. We remain positive on those, just, unfortunately couldn't bring them in this quarter. With lower sales level, of course, our margins declined, with less leverage on the lower sales and also some inventory obsolescence. You all recall in the fourth quarter we brought the new automated assembly line, we’ve continued to run some of our manual lines in parallel as we converted over, built up inventory and made sure that we had stability in automation line. So this last quarter we completed, that changeover and there were some inventories and safety stocks that became obsolete that are not compatible with the new automated equipment. So long-term we believe, obviously this will improve margins, efficiencies and our cost structure, but the changeover, I see, there’s some cost involved in new inventory obsolescence. SG&A is down 80% year-over-year even with the restructuring charges. We did, in the last quarter, use some downsizing within the company. We executed reduction reports across our various locations. At this point, we reduced – if you look at salary and benefits versus the high watermark in Q3 of last year, our annual run rate is down by about $5 million, just in salary and benefits and of course, we're looking at other places in SG&A as where we're doing some belt tightening to make sure that we can return the company to profitability as soon as possible. Our R&D expenses are down about 30% over the prior year, as we're streamlining our efficiencies and some of the major projects are winding down due to completion. We're now into Alpha [ph] for early market launch, so lot of the heavy expense associated with the development of those projects is behind us. So, again, these steps have been painful, but they've been the right thing to do. We've sized the company to where I still believe we can get profitability, even at lower sales levels and as we continue to chase some of these larger orders to bring the topline back to where it was at. The company did generate over $4 million in cash from operating activities, primarily driven by changes in receivables and payables. So there we are seeing that great job really focusing on cash management. So we end with cash and equivalents back over $40 million and we had no debt. Additionally, on the litigation front, we did win a summary judgment against Stinger Systems in a claim for literal infringement, one of our key waveform patents. The trial for damages is the next step in this process. However, this may be delayed since we just found out this week that Stinger made an assignment for the benefit of their creditors, which is our understanding this is fundamentally a liquidation proceeding under fluid law that the company's assets have been assigned to an overseer who is now liquidating those assets for the benefit of creditors. As to whether or not the company can come out of this liquidation proceeding and resume operations, that's unclear. But at this point, we've obviously won a big step in litigation protecting our FD with the filings of literal infringement, but we're going to have to see what happens with the company before we would proceed to a trial whether there's going to be a company there or not. So with that, let me pass over Dan to talk about some of the financial metrics and then I'll be back to talk about the business overall.
Rick Smith: We have about eight pilots that are currently on going. We do have paying customers in several of them. So for example, as we talked about, the country of New Zealand is a paying customer where they've done a national implementation of EVIDENCE.COM for handling all their TASER films and the TASER data. They're not yet piloting the AXON. We have two major agencies of more than 1,000 men each, where we've got approximately 10 to 20 AXON units in the field. We've got about five or six smaller agencies where we've got roughly five to ten AXONs in the field, would get two paying customers that have deployed purchased the units in the smaller agencies. Frankly, at this point our focus between now and the end of the year is going to be on the under 200 man agency size for a couple reasons. Those agencies were able to make decisions very quickly. That's where we really grew our business with the TASER devices because they’re not – they don't have the long decision making cycle. They also tend to have – frankly acknowledge the fully developed of an IT infrastructure. They're less likely to have an existing solution that we may be coming in and displacing with our products. So traditionally so far we've gone in and we’ve supported most of these initially where we've gone in and put these equipment with some trial and then focus on converting them into paying customers.
Rick Smith: Yeah, with the Protector, we're really focusing initially on the distraction management portion of that product line, frankly just because we were such a fevered pitch and there's sort of a number of folks that are looking into getting into that space about how to manage distractions while driving. So that's the first product that will come to market. Our focus at this point is transitioning modern alpha [ph] right now. So we've got working units basically within the company’s control that are being built at it. We'll be moving to beta this quarter where we start moving into non-employee beta testers and later in the fall, we'll be moving to more of a soft launch, where we will be focusing on working with advocacy groups and primarily consumer direct sales for the balance of the year so that we can stream line the customer's implementation process – make sure we've got all the features dialed in and then 2011, we will be focusing on scaling that part of it to both retail and our carrier partners.
Rick Smith: Yeah, I think – that's one of the thing we’re excited about as we look to the future. We have our useful life for our products are typically in the sort of five to six year time frame. The installed base of product that is in that five to six year range where we have some of these early adopters is well over 150,000 units at this point. So there's a significant opportunity out there for that. I think part of it is, you know, getting the customers to be pro-active as far as replacement and not just hanging on to the products until they fail in the field and this is a safety product. The Bulletproof Vests guys have done a great job in convincing the customers on a five-year cycle they need to replace Bulletproof Vests for safety reasons. Because our technology is a lot newer, we haven't really had that cycle yet. But certainly, with the large installed base, we do think that's a big opportunity as we move the business forward and as the budget environment improves. I think right now the challenge is, you know, if somebody's got something that's working, it’s probably will be a challenge to get them priority to replace it. But I think as the budget cycles improve these municipal budgets, I think that large base will be a benefit for those customers to start coming back for upgrades.
Rick Smith: This is Rick. We've got a number of agencies that have deployed those. On it’s behalf, we're getting very positive feedback. The largest deployment at this point is Lakeland, Florida. It's gone a full deployment with the X3s and they're having great results with it. In fact, I met with one of their master instructors just last week. The challenge at this point is really primarily budgetary. That the price points of the X3 is added to this point. Agencies, lot of the agencies in the last six months have been going through layoffs. The stimulus in 2009, a lot of cases what we're learning is that allowed agencies to forestall restructuring and cutting back. And then early this year, the second which shifted and people – I think it become pretty – they don’t see the federal government continuing stimulus through the long-term strategy, a lot of these agencies have had to cut back. And so what we've heard is that just right now for them to upgrade to newer technologies, especially if they are at a higher price point when they're laying officers off, they'd rather cut back everywhere they can in their budget and try to save as many of their officer positions as they could. So it's made it a tough environment with these new products. And although we do have several major agencies testing the X3 right now, we're getting positive feedback. It's just proven to be a really tough environment to roll out new product into right now. People are sort of in a spacious mode. They'll maintain the projects and programs they've got but we don't see a lot of people investing in new technology.
Rick Smith: Well, I’m not sure we used that in terms of working well to everybody. Policing across North America and (inaudible) they face the same sorts of challenges and agencies – police agencies are seeing significant reductions in the number of cops that are injured. In fact, we used to stay in and when I was looking at some agencies that pulled TASERS off the street several years ago in a controversy and then put them back out and their early indications are that when they pull the things off the streets, there was a spike in injury to cops and service its outlook. And I believe even spike in police shootings that are inversely correlated with TASER deployment. So we believe that the TASERS are moving toward standard equipment. And that at the end of the day, police radios have nearly 100% penetration, firearms, the guns, pepper sprays, nearly 100% penetrated. And we believe over the long term TASER as well will be in that 80%, 90% penetration and work that penetration where it's being more accepted and necessary piece of standard policing equipment.
Rick Smith: Again, this is Rick. I would say that is already what we're hearing is it's 90% financial, particularly in the larger agencies. The larger the agencies, the bigger the budgetary problems it seems that they're having. There's pockets of smaller agencies that used to have budgetary surpluses. But on the major agencies, literally everyone that can face, I think of is in budgetary deficit. They're reducing the number of cops on the street. And in that environment, if this – you talk about police work, it's a very high camaraderie. It’s a very military type of organization. These guys look to each other as camaraderie in arms. They go out every day and put their lives on the line. Anything they can do to protect their friends, their comrades, their coworkers and that includes helping them keep their jobs, they're going to do. So the primary focus primary in our customer base is finding ways to keep cops out on the street. And they are going to destroy your measures like (inaudible). Some agencies have put two cops per vehicle rather than one. Some of the cops have gone to, been a part of proportionate shift to cut back on the gas consumption. Our training batch is across the board and there have been cut backs. I think the good news is relying on this is, unfortunately this year and in the early part of this year started where these agencies have finally hit a point, where they have to take painful steps of restructuring. And once they do, we think the budgetary sectors will return to more of a normal. In fact the situation, especially, when we start to see some growth in the economy and the tax base. The fact that they're cutting back their core operating expenses much like what we've done in our business. Now positions us well for profitability and growth, when the company starts growing, communicating with our customers. Their tax revenue starts growing, they will be able to start – They're going have to start investing in equipment. These agencies have really kind of stretched out and they're feeling pain of that over the last several years. They have not been investing significantly in new technology.
Rick Smith: There was one very large order that we were working on. In fact, you look and Dan talked about some of the overtime expense and our inventory – They we're building up in anticipation of receiving that order this quarter. And it would have made a significant difference. I don't feel comfortable at this point divulging the exact magnitude, but it would have been, probably, the largest order or one of the largest orders in the company's history. And I think there’s two other internationals. So we have three little orders, are we going to close them all? Probably not as we'd love to. But any one of those three could be in the top tier of orders we've received in our history. And they've estimated the normal order flow internationally. These are three big ones that are out there for us.
Rick Smith: Yeah. I think it’s probably more like $9 million to $9.5 million. I think that we're going to keep on driving that down. But there are sort of ebbs and flows. In Q3, we have our mass instructor school and tactical conference. In fact the look of a larger expense for us, but certainly we're going to continue to look at any of those discretionary items. We've seen significant reductions in like travel and meals this year. Significant reductions in the trade show expenses, just because we've determined that the trade shows we're not seeing in front of our eyes, either not attending or attending with a smaller booth and smaller presence. We've got creative as far as using some booths that are more temporary booths of these things that have had big savings on the generic, setup costs. We're really looking at everything we can to just take costs out of the business without impacting the development of new products or sort of the customer payroll would impact sales. But, other discretionary items have been very vigilant this year on.
Rick Smith: Yeah. It gets to 3%. It was about 1.2% on the lower sales this quarter on kind of a normal sales level, expected to be about 3%.
Rick Smith: All right. Thank you, Peter. All right. So we appreciate everybody giving us your time this morning to participate in the call. We wish everybody a wonderful day and looking forward to a brighter second half to 2010.
