Rick Smith: Thank you. Welcome everyone. Appreciate you joining us this morning. Before we get started I'm going to ask Dan to read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. Okay, so I'm sure everybody has seen by now this morning we reported Q2 sales were up $7 million or 33% year-over-year coming into $28.2 million. Perhaps even more importantly, if you look at the cash generation of the business we generated $9.7 million in cash from operations. Of course if you do the math on that we were generating cash at an annualized rate in the second quarter of $0.73 per share. Operating income came in at $6.1 million. To go back and touch on the cash as well, we can point out the obvious, that was inclusive across the entire business, if you look at the core ECD business, which has been funding our investments in the new video business, obviously that number is significantly higher in the core business if look at on a standalone basis. Margins improved year-over-year although they declined slightly sequentially, came in at 58.5% compared to 57.8% last year and course if you look in our ECD business 63.7% gross margin, a number we're very proud of. Again we break this out so that it helps us as a management team to use investors to monitor how well we're managing our core business so (inaudible) by the investments that we're making in the new business. Revenues in the ECD business increased 8% sequentially from $24.8 million to $26.9 million and in the core ECD business operating income was $8.6 million. So we're running at 32% operating income in the core ECD business. Revenues in the video business increased 47% sequentially albeit from a small base of $884,000 in the first quarter to $1.3 million in the second quarter. That growth is really driven primarily by TASER CAM and the new TASER CAM HD as the AXON Flex didn’t ship until late in the quarter. If we look at the SG&A expenses coming down, the result of a continuous focus on efficiency and cost control, research and development also decreased by $800,000 to $2.0 million. I'm sure people are wondering is TASER investing sufficiently in research and development and as I always tell you the decreases are really about this continued streamlining of our research and development efforts. We are more efficient than we have ever been. This is largely attributable to reduction in professional consulting fees, basically some of the bulk resources when you've got to go out and bring an external consultant's when you are finishing up a major project. So I say at this point we are innovating at a much more efficient and better pace and we've also moved to an OEM model looking to insource technology from other providers rather than building it ourselves. For example if you look at the AXON Flex, in our partnership with Looksie [ph] we were able to buy the major components of the AXON Flex and then only focus on engineering that is required to customize for our marketplace is a far more efficient and faster way to get to market than if you look at the previous AXON Pro product we've developed where we develop the computer, the communications hub and the camera all from the ground up in house. That's a longer slower more extensively developed product. So I'm very proud of what we've accomplished in our R&D segment. Again I'd say we're getting better, we're doing more with less and we believe that we are right sized in terms of how we're approaching R&D. So with that I'm going to turn it over to Dan to take us through the financial results in greater detail.
Rick Smith: We are seeing that it is helping our customer to sort of get focused on upgrade technology. The X26 is a 10 year old platform. Now in the current budgetary environment we have seen many agencies have been putting out their capital equipment purchases, vehicles that they normally replace every three or four years, they are getting several X2 out of them. So we're certainly not seeing across the board that people are immediately moving to upgrade a repressed unit that are getting past their useful life but it's starting to make a different. We believe the most important and compelling aspect are the improved safety features of the newer product which helps giving them a more compelling reason to upgrade and we're certainly hoping that this new TASER Payment Plan helps them to do that off operating budgets and accelerate the upgrade. So it is making a difference if not 100% across the board, certainly that the people are immediately to upgrade units outside their useful life.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think the dynamics that we would look at in general, if we had to estimate it between 10% and 20% of our cartridges that are sold or actually used in the field, 80% to 90% are used in training. So because of the multi shot capability of the X2 we actually see greater number of the cartridges being fired in training but we may see less cartridges being fired in the field due to the surrenders but the net effect, it is too early to say, which direction it went [ph] down.
Rick Smith: Yes. That's the current intent. Obviously we'll have to sort of see how this plays out over time. We've got a strong cash generation in the business but for right now we think we'll let the leasing company do what they're good at and we'll do what we are good at, as long as the economics work. Obviously if that discount the leasing company wants to take becomes (inaudible) if the economics work, we certainly reserve rights to take that paper sell but for right now what we're seeing is that we can do this and have them be responsible, both take a credit risk and also do the sort of recurring billings, everything like that and I think that's the model intend on going forward and I think it should work. We're talking to a number of different leasing companies and that should help us keep it competitive so the rates we sell the paper at remains attractive for us.
Rick Smith: Not that I can really say. It's going to depend on each deal. A part of it will depend through the inferred interest rate that's based into the lease. Obviously the lower the rate the bigger the discount that well face. So nothing I can really talk to. I think overall like I said, I won't change our operating margins for the business but we still feel that even if we do more of these deals over time we don’t think it will be net accretive to earnings.
Rick Smith: Those are great questions. I think one thing we they are going to look at is really just the traction. I think for us if you look at the first quarter results we actually had a net investment in the video business of about $3 million. That's been reduced down to about $2.5 million. Obviously we want to continue to see that work into a short break even and start contributing. So I think that we're going to monitor closely both for the net investment but we are encouraged by the traction we are seeing, we are encouraged by the feedback we're getting from some of the early customers and we still remain convinced that this can be a very interesting and material part of our business. So I think as long as we continue to feel that way we think the investment is warranted. But I think, same as you guys will be doing from an investors perspective, we are going to monitor the performance of that and really want to see this continue to gain traction in both the sales and profitability of that business.
Rick Smith: Well just again, thanks everybody. Obviously we really enjoy days like today. You know it's been a long, long road the last several years to get here. I think we've really tuned up the organization. Any shareholders that would like to come take a visit to your company please feel free to contact our IR department by e-mail at ir@taser.com. I would be happy to show you around your company and we look forward to hopefully continued strong performance in the back half of the year and as we move into 2013 and look forward to joining you all again in late October for our next conference call. So thanks and have a great day.
Dan: Thanks Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement markets, expansion of product sales through the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth in the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risk of new technology, new product introduction risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints in prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Dan: Yes, this is Dan. Nothing significant so far. Because you've got ability to display the wearing art we are hearing from the CO that they are getting compliance from people, just displaying that Warning Arc which they're more likely to do with the X2 because with the X26 you have to basically unload the weapon to display the Warning Arc, where the X2, one of the key features and the key benefits is the fact you can do that while it's loaded so you don’t create an officer safety issue. So and certainly we are hearing that they're getting a lot of compliance from that. We haven’t really seen that translate into a difference in the cartridge usage so far.
Dan: Yes. So it's going to depend on whether we actually sell the paper. This first deal with Colorado Springs are actually partner with a leasing company. So we will get paid up front. So we'll recognize the revenue upfront. If we hold the paper we will likely end up recognizing over time that for the most part our goal here will be depending on the deal structure, mostly the deals we expected, we want to hold the papers. So we recognize the sales upfront.
Dan: Yes, there is a little bit of a discount. As Rick said we think we can do that and still maintain our normal operating profit because just the fact that this driving higher sales than just some of the other considerations as part of the sale. So even though there is a little bit of a haircut we'd say the overall profitability of the deal still be strong.
Dan: Yes, that's a good question. I think that overall certainly the higher operating leverage we have is helping. There is a lot of indirect manufacturing cost that are relatively fixed. So having higher sales levels certainly help in that regard. I think the X2 has certainly helped in that regard because of the higher ASP versus the X26. As we see more adoption of Flex I think that will be in the near term will be a little bit of a drag just because of the deferred revenue. We're not recognizing, we're only recognizing half of that sale upfront and then the other half overtime. It will become normalized over time but in the beginning because of the deferred revenue component of the Flex sales as the AXON Flex takes off and because that they are part of the business; those margins won't be quite as strong as the ECD margins.
Dan: Yes so it was, for the second quarter it was $250 a unit. In the third quarter it will come down to $210 a unit. So basically we want to, a sort of difference from where we were at year end, we kind of announced the rebates throughout the year. So we want to encourage customers to move as quickly as they can and their budgets allow because the rebate is coming down over the year. So it’s $250 in Q2, come down to $210 in Q3 and certainly it dipped but it helped us a little bit in Q2. Its great emphasis for certain customers that want to move a little quicker to make sure they take advantage of a higher trade in value.
Dan: It's tough to answer that because it will sort of depend on how quickly we get there. The good thing about the video business, because we're deferring some of the Flex sales, that will actually help in the future because the cost of running sort of the infrastructure, they are sort of a variable part of that. So as those deferred revenues start being recognized that will actually help the profitability. So it's a tough thing to model but certainly I think that sort of the best way to look at it will be to sort of see the trend and be able to sort of predict kind of when we kind of cross that breakeven threshold.
Marc Behrendt: Thanks Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement markets, expansion of product sales through the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth in the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risk of new technology, new product introduction risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints in prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Marc Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. Nothing significant so far. Because you've got ability to display the wearing art we are hearing from the CO that they are getting compliance from people, just displaying that Warning Arc which they're more likely to do with the X2 because with the X26 you have to basically unload the weapon to display the Warning Arc, where the X2, one of the key features and the key benefits is the fact you can do that while it's loaded so you don’t create an officer safety issue. So and certainly we are hearing that they're getting a lot of compliance from that. We haven’t really seen that translate into a difference in the cartridge usage so far.
Marc Behrendt: Yes. So it's going to depend on whether we actually sell the paper. This first deal with Colorado Springs are actually partner with a leasing company. So we will get paid up front. So we'll recognize the revenue upfront. If we hold the paper we will likely end up recognizing over time that for the most part our goal here will be depending on the deal structure, mostly the deals we expected, we want to hold the papers. So we recognize the sales upfront.
Marc Behrendt: Yes, there is a little bit of a discount. As Rick said we think we can do that and still maintain our normal operating profit because just the fact that this driving higher sales than just some of the other considerations as part of the sale. So even though there is a little bit of a haircut we'd say the overall profitability of the deal still be strong.
Marc Behrendt: Yes, that's a good question. I think that overall certainly the higher operating leverage we have is helping. There is a lot of indirect manufacturing cost that are relatively fixed. So having higher sales levels certainly help in that regard. I think the X2 has certainly helped in that regard because of the higher ASP versus the X26. As we see more adoption of Flex I think that will be in the near term will be a little bit of a drag just because of the deferred revenue. We're not recognizing, we're only recognizing half of that sale upfront and then the other half overtime. It will become normalized over time but in the beginning because of the deferred revenue component of the Flex sales as the AXON Flex takes off and because that they are part of the business; those margins won't be quite as strong as the ECD margins.
Marc Behrendt: Yes so it was, for the second quarter it was $250 a unit. In the third quarter it will come down to $210 a unit. So basically we want to, a sort of difference from where we were at year end, we kind of announced the rebates throughout the year. So we want to encourage customers to move as quickly as they can and their budgets allow because the rebate is coming down over the year. So it’s $250 in Q2, come down to $210 in Q3 and certainly it dipped but it helped us a little bit in Q2. Its great emphasis for certain customers that want to move a little quicker to make sure they take advantage of a higher trade in value.
Marc Behrendt: It's tough to answer that because it will sort of depend on how quickly we get there. The good thing about the video business, because we're deferring some of the Flex sales, that will actually help in the future because the cost of running sort of the infrastructure, they are sort of a variable part of that. So as those deferred revenues start being recognized that will actually help the profitability. So it's a tough thing to model but certainly I think that sort of the best way to look at it will be to sort of see the trend and be able to sort of predict kind of when we kind of cross that breakeven threshold.
