Steven Preston: All right. Thank you, David. It's great to be here. It sure beats competing against Waste Management. I'm also looking forward to meeting many of you on the phone in the near future as I get out on the road. So I'm going to give an overview of our costs and our cash flows, and then we will open the line up for some questions.  Our operating costs increased by $172 million in the quarter to 63.2% of revenue. The biggest contributor was cost of goods sold, which increased $92 million in the quarter, mainly because of rebates to recycling customers due to higher recycling commodity prices and volumes. Direct fuel costs increased about $39 million. That was primarily because of a 32% increase in price per gallon of diesel fuel. And in the third quarter, the fuel surcharge revenue actually offset the higher cost of the fuel completely.  Labor costs increased $21 million in the quarter, primarily related to merit increases. Tuck-in and other acquisitions contributed about $17 million to the increase in foreign currency translation for our Canadian operations accounted for an increase of about $7 million.  We also achieved approximately $28 million of benefit in operating expense in the third quarter from the actions that we took to reduce discretionary spending and eliminate positions, as well as from the expanded rollout of our procurement initiatives. We expect to see an increasing benefit from those initiatives in the fourth quarter, even more so, going into 2012. SG&A costs in the third quarter were flat year-over-year but improved as a percentage of revenue by 60 basis points to 10.8%, despite the fact that we spent about $10 million on those procurement and cost reduction initiatives. Our third quarter of 2011 was affected by several special items that were identified in our press release. As we normally do, we have adjusted for asset impairments and restructuring costs. We also excluded the accounting impact on our environmental remediation obligations due to changes in the 10-year Treasury rate, which have declined from 3.5% to 2.0%.  And finally, last year, we excluded the negative impact of creating a $28 million closed landfill remediation reserve. So in the third quarter, we also excluded a $9 million benefit from reducing that reserve when a lower cost remediation was selected by the EPA. And as we mentioned on the second quarter conference call, we also adjusted for Oakleaf integration costs and operations. Interest expense for the third quarter decreased $9 million compared with the prior year period, primarily due to the improved pricing of our $2 billion revolving credit facility, which was amended in May of 2011. And also, at the end of the quarter, our average -- weighted average cost of debt was 5.3%. Our debt to total capital ratio for the quarter was 60.5%. That was consistent with our target ratio of 60%, and the floating rate portion of our total debt portfolio was 17% at the end of the quarter.  Our income tax rate, as reported for the third quarter of 2011, was 32.3%. The reduction in our third quarter rate is primarily due to audit settlements and adjustments from filing our 2010 income tax return that benefited our EPS by about $0.02 a share. For the full year, we expect the recurring effective tax rate to be approximately 35%.  Turning now to cash flow. Third quarter 2011 net cash provided by operating activities was $659 million. In the third quarter of 2010, we received a federal tax refund of $65 million. So if you exclude that item, net cash provided from operations increased $47 million or 7.7%. Our capital expenditures for the third quarter were $313 million, leading us to a free cash flow for the third quarter of $372 million, which was $52 million less than the prior year. That was largely due to an increase in CapEx of $51 million, as well as the $65 million federal tax refund we received in 2010. We still expect our free cash flow for 2011 to be about $1.25 billion. In the third quarter of 2011, we paid $158 million in dividends. We also repurchased $360 million worth of our common stock, continuing our long-standing emphasis on returning cash to shareholders. In October, we also repurchased an additional $47 million of common stock to complete our board-authorized share repurchase program for 2011 of $575 million. And finally, we completed approximately $488 million in business acquisitions, including Oakleaf, during the third quarter. So in conclusion, we are entering fourth quarter with a stable price and volume environment, solid momentum in our procurement and cost reduction initiatives, as well as good progress on the Oakleaf acquisition.  So with that, Brandi, let's open the line for questions.
Steven Preston: Yes, if you look at recycling prices -- and obviously, it's driven by fiber but a $10 movement in fiber prices equates to about $0.01 a year.
Steven Preston: Yes. Well, we certainly have some hard work to do to hit that $1.25 of target but we do believe it's achievable. It's, certainly, Michael, not in the bag. We're going to have to be very focused, I think, in the fourth quarter on managing working capital, as well especially focusing on capital expenditure. So I think it's going to come from a number of places, but we're really going to have to focus on every one of them to bring that number over the line.
Steven Preston: I think we stay with our budget of $1.35 million for the time being although we're -- the fourth quarter is a big quarter for CapEx. We're looking very hard at the entire list of expenditures that we're expecting to make this quarter and making sure that every $0.01 we put out there is well spent. So there's certainly an incentive to do it this year because of bonus depreciation, but I think we're also going to be very circumspect in what we -- in the amount that we spend.
Steven Preston: Well I think there are a number of moving pieces there. I think in terms of the cost improvement, we still expect to see strong sequential improvement between the 2 quarters and that's going to come really from a number of areas. When you look at that $0.04 to $0.05 to the $0.09 to $0.10 from third to fourth quarter, that includes a number of components, right? It includes the revenue improvement initiatives that some of which David went through. The environmental surcharge and the price increases includes the labor reductions that I mentioned. It includes the procurement initiatives. So there are a number of different pieces that go in there. And so I think every one of those components is actually going to see some sequential strength from third to fourth quarter. Now some of that is going to -- from a year-over-year basis, it's going to be somewhat offset by the commodity pricing that you mentioned because we had a strong benefit from commodities in the third quarter. Fourth quarter to fourth quarter, we're going to see less of that. So to an extent, some of that benefit we're seeing on the cost side is going to be -- is going to serve to offset the commodity price benefit we got in the third quarter.
Steven Preston: Right. So the 35% for the year was sort of -- I think the words I used were the recurring tax rate. What we were trying to do is basically say the base tax rate that we're looking at is $35 million [ph]. But periodically, as we announced in the quarter, we have adjustments that would have stacked that number. So in the fourth quarter -- right now, if you look at that 35%, that would not assume any of those adjustments but I don't want to call that yet. We may have somewhat of an impact from fourth quarter tax adjustments. But at this point, that's -- think of that as more the recurring underlying tax rate of the business.
Steven Preston: All right. So Oakleaf right now, I think, was about a cost of $0.01 a share in the quarter. And that is really the mixture of fully unintegrated Oakleaf plus any integration costs associated with that, as well as higher interest expense. And think of the next 2 to 3 quarters as being heavy integration periods. So I think, in the next couple of quarters, we would expect it to look roughly like we do now. I think some of those integration costs are going to hit sequentially over the next few quarters. Getting into the middle of next year, we would really begin to see -- we expect to see a pretty significant ramp in the benefit from Oakleaf, and that comes from really 2 -- 3 primary areas. Okay? It comes from working with third-party haulers to expand our relationships with them. So that if Oakleaf is giving a hauler business, we have the opportunity, not only to get the disposal work on that particular haul, but to expand our relationship. So it's an important incentive to drive disposal volume to our facilities. Secondly, in a number of the markets, Waste Management will be taking some of that volume and internalizing it. And then thirdly, there is a significant opportunity to consolidate the operational side of the 2 companies we have. Many aspects of what both companies do are overlapping. And as we put those on one platform, we would expect to see the benefit. So as you ramp that up, the next 2 or 3 quarters, we would be sequentially taking some costs to drive that integration. Some of that is going to be for streamlining. Some of that is going to be for equipment that we put out in the field and repair. And then really sort of in the second quarter going through the third, fourth quarters of next year, we would expect to see that ramping. Full year next year, I don't think it's going to be a significant impact. But the run rate coming out of 2012, sort of fourth quarter going into the following year, is when we would expect to really be achieving that full benefit.
Steven Preston: I think that's right. And just to answer your first question, on a quarterly basis, we're looking at about $7.5 million worth of amortization.
David P. Steiner: Michael, it's probably not a full $0.05 because remember, as Steve said, that's both cost and revenue. We're probably $0.01 behind, maybe $0.01, maybe $0.02 behind on that, mainly coming from our growth initiatives. But then, as Steve mentioned, we got a $0.05 benefit in the third quarter from recycling. We don't expect to get a $0.05 year-over-year benefit in the fourth quarter.
David P. Steiner: Yes, when we look at pricing, from a competitive point of view, I think we see a fairly stable pricing environment. Look, in a slow economy, I'd rather see that stable price environment where it was 3 years ago in a great economy, 3%, 3.5%. But in a slow economy, you'd expect there to be a little more competitive reaction and we've seen that but it hasn't been anything dramatic. So when we look at the third quarter, most of the pricing actions that we took, the raise in the environmental fee and moving up price increases, most of them occurred throughout the quarter so we didn't get the full benefit in the third quarter. We certainly will see that uptick in the fourth quarter. So in the third quarter, it was offset a little bit by residential pricing, both CPI and price rollbacks that we've had to put in to maintain contracts. But again, those are good decisions. We're going to take the right pricing actions to maintain the right business. And so we continue to have rollbacks albeit at a much lower level than in the second quarter. We continue to see residential pricing a little bit weak. So that was the headwind in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, again, we've got that one big contractual headwind in South Florida from our waste-to-energy plant. If you exclude that, we would expect to see improvement in the fourth quarter on the pricing side.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I think we have a lot of additional running room. Basically, if you look at the overall landfill pricing, it's up about 1.3%. But we still have plenty of room to go there.
David P. Steiner: No. Actually, I feel very comfortable with that but it's going to be driven primarily by technological upgrades. Right? I mean, when you look at our SG&A costs, we have a lot of costs that are out in non-consolidated functions. And so you've got to drive those consolidations with technology. And so I fully expect to see that happen over the next 2, 2.5 years.
David P. Steiner: Yes. I think when you look at our yield being pretty steady the last 2 quarters at 1.6%, the word -- again, the word to use is stability. And so we don't see any sort of unusual pricing action in any particular area of the company. Where we've seen the most pricing pressure has been on the rollback side and then in the residential line. And then you've got -- the South has certainly had struggles. Part of it is down in South Florida with our waste energy plants. A lot of those contracts, a lot of those disposal contracts were long-term disposal contracts. And they happen to be rolling off much like some of our electricity contracts. They happen to be rolling off at a time when the market isn't as strong as it was 4 years ago. If that -- if this contract had rolled off 4 years ago, we'd be in a heck of a lot better shape than we would be today. It just so happens that contract is rolling off in South Florida, and that's going to -- that's going to hit us. But again, if you eliminate that contract from the fourth quarter, we fully expect to see price begin its march back up. And then next year, when you see CPI getting better, we'd expect that to continue. Now again, next year -- every year is harder than the prior year because you've got a lot of different things like fees and surcharges anniversaring. And so we've got to find a way to overcome those.
David P. Steiner: Yes. When you look at this quarter compared to last quarter, obviously, our -- you've got sort of a double whammy. Right? We've spent a lot less on our short-term and long-term cost and revenue initiatives. So we spent less and we saved more, and you should see that continuing into the fourth quarter. We're going to spend less and save more. So when we looked at third and fourth quarter, we knew we had to do $1.25 just to get to the bottom end of the range. And we knew that, historically, our fourth quarter is slightly down from our third quarter. So we knew we had to have cost savings ramping up, going into the fourth quarter in order to make the year. And I'm pleased to see that that's exactly what happened in the third quarter. So we're pretty comfortable with that range $2.14 to $2.18.
David P. Steiner: I mean, look, there's absolutely no doubt that we would rather have that $0.02 to be driven by cash-generating items than tax rate. But taxes are what taxes are, right? I mean, they're going to fluctuate year-to-year. So earlier in the year, we paid a higher tax rate because of -- before we have these audit settlements. And so we sort of paid that price in the early part of the year. This was basically just the catchup from the higher tax rate we had earlier in the year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, look, with churn -- look, the churn rate is driven, as you can imagine, a lot by our rollback rate. And we need to make good, balanced pricing decisions, right? And so when a customer calls up, there's certainly more competitive action out there going after customers. And again, you'd expect that in a lower-volume environment. We need to make the right decisions to maintain those customers and if that means that we have to roll back the price, we're going to look at that piece of business and determine, is it worth rolling back the price or do we let that customer go? And so we're going to put an added focus on that. But look, the reality is that most customers don't leave over price. They leave over service issues. And so as we use technology to improve our service issues, we fully expect that. And as we become an easier company to do business with, we fully expect that to drive down the churn rate.
David P. Steiner: Sure. And with commodities, you're absolutely right. We're more and more moving toward that in our business, and commodities have become certainly a worldwide market. And so you've got the export market, primarily China, driving a lot of pricing, including driving some of the domestic pricing. And so traditionally, what you see in the fourth quarter is you see the pricing tick down as the Chinese mills start -- they've already shipped a lot of their Christmas goods, and so they're starting to slow down in the back half of the year. So you see the China mills start to slow down, and then you'll see the domestic mills start to slow down. And that's, frankly, exactly what we're seeing today. We're seeing the Chinese mills starting to slow down, and so you're seeing pricing come back in China 15% to 20%. That really hasn't hit the domestic market yet. We fully expect that the domestic market will soften beginning in sort of throughout the November time frame. And then we'll go back into a stable pricing environment as we come out of the new year. That's been the historical trend. Last year, frankly, was the anomaly. Last year, fourth quarter prices stayed strong throughout the fourth quarter. So what we're seeing here is nothing that we didn't expect. We're looking at flat year-over-year earnings. If we continue to see deterioration in the export market, could we have maybe $0.01 impact, a negative $0.01 impact in the fourth quarter? We could, but it's certainly not what we're projecting right now.
David P. Steiner: Well, we absolutely have. But what we're looking at -- it depends on if you look at it sequentially, if you look at it year-over-year. When you look at it year-over-year, you've got 2 things: you had strong prices throughout the quarter in the fourth quarter last year; and then we've got more volume. Remember, we grew volume by 14% year-over-year so that helps make up for the earnings on a year-over-year comparison. But you're absolutely right, it goes back to what Steve was talking about earlier. On a sequential basis, you will see weakening in prices. And so you can't just say, "We're going to save money in cost and that gets sequentially added to the third quarter," because you will have a sequential downturn in earnings from recycling. And so those are going to obviously offset each other to make up -- to help us drive that fourth quarter earning.
David P. Steiner: Yes, actually, the customer relationship part has been very encouraging. We put together a plan, Steve and his group, when we started to look at doing the deal. The very first thing we put together was a plan to get out and meet with the customers and let the customers know that this combination for them is actually going to be very good. What you've got is a combination of the biggest and the best company in the industry from a brokerage point of view that knows where to go to get services. And you've also got the biggest and the best company from an asset point of view on the range of recycling and other assets that can meet those customers' needs. And so as we like to say, the combination made us both stronger and so we're able to better meet the wide range of customer needs. So, so far, the customer relationships have been very good. We've actually expanded business with a number of those customers and added a number of new customers that were in the Oakleaf pipeline. So, so far, that's been spectacular. We're looking forward to bringing that combined service offering to a lot more customers in 2012.
David P. Steiner: Thank you, Brandi. Thank you, all, for joining us. We'll be seeing you on the road and looking forward to introducing you to Steve. And we won't talk again until 2012. So given that, have a happy holiday season, and we'll see you next year.
