James C. Fish, Jr.: Thanks, Ed. And thank you, all, for joining us this morning. 2017 was arguably the best year we've seen as we exceeded expectations on all of our operational and financial metrics. About one year ago, I mentioned that each of our operating income, operating EBITDA, and net cash provided by operating activities were at all-time highs. I'm very pleased to say that, in 2017, we exceeded those highs and set new records in each of those metrics. Our continued focus on improving core price, adding profitable volume in a disciplined manner, and controlling costs produced $3.22 of EPS, another year of double-digit improvements with EPS improving more than 10%. In addition, operating income margin and operating EBITDA margin both achieved all-time highs. Our operating EBITDA exceeded $4 billion for the first time and we achieved free cash flow conversion close to 45%. During 2017, we generated strong free cash flow that allowed us to return $1.5 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. We continue to see solid growth in the cash generation capability of our business. The success that we achieved in 2017 sets the foundation for continued growth into 2018 and beyond. For the full year, our strong growth in EPS, operating EBITDA and free cash flow is driven by solid growth in revenue. Revenues increased $876 million, or 6.4%. This is the best revenue dollar increase that we've seen since 1998. And more importantly, the majority of the increase is organic price and volume. For the full year, our collection and disposal core price was 4.8% with yield of 2%. In 2017, total company volume for the year was 2.3%, marking the first time in this cycle that we've exceeded 2% volume for the full year. In 2017, we continue to focus on improving price and growing high-margin volumes, all while delivering exceptional customer service. Our strong results reinforced our conviction that these are the right areas to focus on. And we look forward to continued progress into 2018. For 2018, we expect EPS to be between $3.97 and $4.05 and free cash flow to be between $1.95 billion and $2.05 billion. Before turning the call over to Jim and Devina, I want to point out our recent 8-K filings for those of you who may have not seen it. Jim Trevathan, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Jeff Harris, our Senior Vice President of our Northern Tier Operations, both announced their plans to retire at the end of this year. Both Jim and Jeff have made tremendous contributions to the success of Waste Management throughout their distinguished careers and we have an excellent succession planning process which has produced a very solid group of internal succession candidates. The strength of that group was demonstrated by our recent promotion of Tara Hemmer to Senior Vice President of Operations, Safety and Environmental Compliance. As we approach Jim and Jeff's retirement date, we will provide additional details on our succession plans. But suffice it to say, our operations are in excellent leadership hands today and will continue to be in the future. I will now turn the call over to Jim and Devina to further discuss our fourth quarter results and our 2018 guidance in more detail. And I will conclude with a brief strategic commentary on 2018 and beyond following their comments.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Thanks, Devina. Devina discussed the impact of corporate tax reform on our 2018 cash taxes and the use of a portion of those dollars for the $2,000 bonus to 34,000 of our employees, and some incremental capital spending on the fleet in 2018. Long term, however, our strategic focus will include our people, our technology including our fleet, recycling for the future, and growth of the business both organically and through acquisition. In a company where a large percentage of our 42,000 jobs are hourly, skilled positions with a manual component to them, our people must be given a lead position in our strategic objectives list for the long term. It's no secret that the millennial generation is not gravitating towards the skilled trade careers the way the baby boomers and the Gen Xers did. With that in mind, a big part of our people strategy is to design a 21st century approach to hiring, training, leadership development, and retention. An important component of our strategic approach to our people is to encourage our employees to stay and make a full career with Waste Management. Our $2,000 bonus was a first step in that process and we will continue to analyze the impact of turnover on our operations and our financials to be able to evaluate the merits of a retention program beyond 2018. On the fleet and technology front, we're driving our strategic fleet replacement program more quickly as we standardized the fleet across the company to reduce maintenance and operating costs and improve our service offering to our customers. In addition, our new digital team is hard at work, building a comprehensive digital strategy that includes projects that greatly improve our customers' digital experience. The ultimate outcome of our fleet and our digital strategies is the creation and accommodation of top-line and bottom-line growth through continuous improvements within our fleet operations and differentiation of our overall customer experience through technology. As a management team, we've been giving much thoughts to our recycling business in the future. Our customers expect us to provide recycling services to help them meet their sustainability goals, and we believe our management team, our network of recycling plants, and our valuable brokerage business distinguish Waste Management from all others. Over the last several years, we've proactively re-tooled our contracts by removing floor pricing, adding contamination and processing fees, and streamlining processing operations. Now, with the recent steps taken by China to strictly enforce its new quality control standards for recycled commodities which, we believe, are here to stay, we have an opportunity to build a recycle plant of the future that will provide solid, less volatile returns for our shareholders, meet the quality control requirements of our mill customers and continue to provide a sustainable recycling outlet for our customers. Building that plant of the future will involve, among many things, partnering with our OEMs to innovate on next-generation equipment that can improve processing times, throughput and, ultimately, produce a higher-quality product. We're currently piloting a fully robotic sort line. Depending upon the outcome of our pilots, our plan would be to move from test to production in the next few years. And lastly, as part of our strategic growth plan, we will continue to invest in acquisition opportunities that surpass our return criteria and create value for our shareholders. With more companies now meeting our hurdle rate of return due to the lower corporate tax rate, the primary determining factor as to whether we add to our normal annual acquisition guidance of $100 million to $200 million will be the extent to which sellers' expectations may have changed. Rest assured, though, what won't change is our financial discipline with those acquisitions. In summary, 2017 was a very successful year for Waste Management and we expect that 2018 will be just as successful as we stay focused on our strategy. Our employees are hard at work on executing our 2018 plans, which should position us to continue to grow our earnings and cash flow in 2018 and beyond. We have the best employees in the industry and I want to thank each member of the Waste Management team for our success. And with that, Theresa, let's open the line for questions.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, look, we don't normally talk about our hurdle rate. I mean, I think, though, as I said in my remarks, that we do think that more companies will now hit that hurdle rate because when you think about NOPAT, I mean, the key portion of that...
James C. Fish, Jr.: ...has obviously changed. So, I think the big question in our mind as we think about our normal kind of $100 million to $200 million, Tyler, is what happens to seller expectations, because I think the pool is a bit broader now. We will have more candidates out there that meet our return requirements. And so, then the question becomes what happens to sellers' expectations with things like individual income tax reform.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yes. Specific to M&A, Hamzah, I think we've said many times on calls that right down the middle of the fairway seems to be working pretty well for us. So, solid waste, if I had to kind of order these, I would say solid waste would be first, but there are some tangential businesses that may not be straight down the middle but are very good businesses that we like. Certainly, energy services is a business that shown some real nice growth, particularly in the latter half of 2017, and we expect that going forward into 2018. So, that's a business that we like. The haz waste business we like as well and anything related to the industrial services business, because it does appear that the economy is growing and will grow in 2018 and 2019 in those areas. And then recycling, even though recycling is down, it's a business that we still are committed to. So, those are probably the key areas.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Jim and Michael, I would say that speaks to the success, which we've talked about for a couple of years, the success of our service delivery optimization program. I mean, when you're only growing your routes by 1%, and you're growing your volume by 2.3%, that tells you that you're doing something right on the efficiency side through John and Jeff Harris.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Michael, I would add one thing to what Devina said, and that is that, in my mind, the best indicator of how the business is doing is the single biggest component of free cash flow, which is EBITDA. And if you look at our EBITDA guidance that we gave and you factor in that we've got $65 million in there that was for the $2,000 bonus, you've got somewhere between $55 million and $65 million in headwind on recycling and still providing growth of kind of $200 million to $225 million, which is kind of 4.8% to 6%, something like that, in a 2.5% to 3.5% economy, whatever it is; that's pretty darn strong. I think it tells you that the core business is really performing well. We're pleased with the business, we're pleased with the economy that we're handed here. And so, that free cash flow number, Devina went through it well, but I think the number – the underlying number that is most impressive is that EBITDA number.
James C. Fish, Jr.: And by the way, we haven't baked any improvements in that number that I gave you, Michael, into any plan. And we've got some numbers that show that the cash cost of a turnover employee can be in the range of $12,000 to a higher number. I mean, I've seen some numbers that are higher than that, it's quite a bit higher than that and none of that's baked in. So, to the extent that we actually improve our turnover in 2018 with the $2,000, that ends up being just gravy for us.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. And, look, I mean, that number is kind of a squishy number because last year, it was $200 million and the year before, it was $100 million, but then there's been years where we've – all of a sudden a deal has come across the table that looked really good to us and we spent deaf and bar (55:25) and we spent $500 million or $450 million or whatever so. So, that number is kind of a guidance number but that number can change, and particularly, this year as we think about corporate and individual tax reform. We've given a number of a $100 million to $200 million but that could very easily change.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. I'll share this with Trevathan on the first part. Really it is low – this is the low, this is a slow time of the year for China. So, they're not buying a lot of cardboard at this point. So, this is the right time of year for them to do it, not coincidence that they did this with a Green Fence a few years ago during the same time a year. And how that's kind of plays out for us is that we're seeing because of the lower demand you're seeing prices drop off. So, we've seen, I think Jim, a 24% decrease in price in the fourth quarter and we're projecting something in that neighborhood maybe even a little more in Q1. And then starting to normalize in terms of commodity prices in Q2, but particularly in Q3 and Q4. And then the other side is, is cost, and because of these contamination limits of 0.5%, we are seeing our processing cost to go up. And so we're – that's something that we have some control over and we're in the process of addressing that going forward.
James C. Fish, Jr.: I don't think it's overstating it, Michael, to say we're going to go to battle against contamination here. And I think that's better for us economically. It's also better for the environment. So, it's the right thing to do on all fronts, but we are definitely going to go to battle against contamination.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah, Corey. I mean, look, there were a couple of objectives and we've talked about them on the call and in other forms. But beyond just injecting dollars into the economy and giving something, as Devina mentioned, to those employees that don't participate in the salary and incentive plans, we've talked a lot today about the fact that we – that part of the objective was to encourage our folks to make careers at Waste Management. Keep in mind, this is somewhat of kind of uncharted water for us, because we haven't – I would argue that nobody on the call or at this table has been through something where we've seen a big tax reduction like this and how that is best returned to shareholders. I mean, is it best returned to shareholders just through a straight share repurchase, or is it best returned to shareholders through injecting it back to the economy and then seeing that growth? And so, as we've thought about what to do with some of those dollars as it relates to our employees, we felt we don't really know the answer. And so, a piece of that objective was to buy ourselves a little bit of time, hence the payout at the end of the year and help us by doing that in designing programs for the future, potentially that help us with retention. So, I don't know whether that answers your question, but that was really our thinking.
James C. Fish, Jr.: I think, the good news here, Corey, is – and you're right that's how we used to talk about it was that, hey, it looks pretty good in Texas but the rest of the country doesn't look very good. It looks good in Florida but not so good in the Northeast. I would tell you right now as we go through our monthly financial reviews and talk to our area vice presidents, boy, it's hard to find an area that doesn't have some strength. Now, there are some areas that are stronger than others. California for example is absolutely fantastic for us right now as is Florida. Texas has been, excluding the hurricane cleanup, has been a little slower because of the energy business but that's starting to come back. But even places that historically have been slow for three decades that's kind of rust belt area, have started to show some real promise in terms of growth: Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania. New England's been good for us as well. So, I've named just about every area for us. Canada is doing well for us as well. Western Canada is a little bit more like Texas because it's more energy-driven. But I would expect that Western Canada will start to pick up just like Texas is. So, hard to come up with one that's not doing pretty well right now.
James C. Fish, Jr.: I think, really, we've talked about this a lot as we prepared for this call. And the only business that gives us pause right now is recycling. We, obviously, increased from $0.04 to kind of an $0.08 to $0.10 so, basically a $0.09 number in terms of headwind for 2018. If something unexpected were to happen, if something crazy were to happen in China, if they just simply decided not to buy OCC, which I don't know how they could do that, as a huge exporter. But if they decided they're going to stay at the same level of purchase for the remainder of the year that they are today, yeah, that would throw a wrench into our operation a bit. But keep in mind that that's still, on a revenue basis, recycling is still 10% or less of our overall revenue base. So, the only thing that causes me to say, okay, this one could impact us would be recycling. The rest of our guidance, including our traditional solid waste, looks very, very strong right now.
James C. Fish, Jr.: I will say, Noah, what is encouraging to us, as we look into 2018, is that we're through the month of January, obviously, and when we look at January's volume, with slow volume on recycling, we still had a very good month. So, we're encouraged with what we saw in the month of January; it's a small sample, it's 1 out of 12, but January looked encouraging.
James C. Fish, Jr.: One question, Noah, that hasn't been asked which has direct bearing on your question is CPI. I mean, we typically don't talk about CPI because for the last few years, it's worked against us and we've just said we'll get our price numbers irrespective of what CPI does. But CPI does impact about – and we have kind of indexed base pricing on about 35% of our total business. And we've always said that about a 10 basis point increase in CPI equates to a $0.01 per share. We've built in some increase, call it, 20 basis points into our pricing for 2018. But we all saw the CPI numbers that came out yesterday, that we're higher than most people expected. So, there could be some upside there, albeit kind of on a half-year basis because we've already taken, we tend to take our index-type price increases in January and July with a few of them lingering into October. But on a full year basis, once we get a full year of the CPI, I would expect that there will be some tailwind for us from CPI, but we won't get the full tailwind in 2018.
James C. Fish, Jr.: The only thing, Henry, that could come to mind that might be a little different, and we certainly haven't identified anything down this path but would be something technology-related. I think other than that, you won't see us stray too far outside of kind of our norm in terms of M&A.
James C. Fish, Jr.: You're right. I answered it maybe at an earlier question about technology, and that might be a place where we would look at, at technology. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're already looking at and testing, piloting some technology in the recycling line of business. We're always looking for where there's kind of innovation within our business. But recycling might be an area where we would find some. It would be nice to smooth out the volatility of that business.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Okay. In closing, first and foremost, our sincere thoughts and prayers go out to the Community Park on Florida. Look, no one should have to go through what they faced yesterday. With such a horrific act and, I would tell you, this has become all too common in today's society. So, Parkland, you're in our prayers for sure. Secondly, and on a far more positive notes. I'd like to say a few words about two really great friends and great executives Jeff Harris and Jim Trevathan. Their retirement date is still 11 months away but at that date, Jim and Jeff will have dedicated 59 years between the two of them to Waste Management. And really a lot of where we are today, the heights that we've achieved of late are due to those two guys, to Jeff Harris and Jim Trevathan. So, we'll, obviously, talk more about them as we get closer to their retirement dates. But over the next 10 months, I plan to try and absorb a lot of the knowledge and wisdom and expertise that they have and that they've developed over those 59 years. And I'm sure that the rest of our senior leadership team will be doing the same thing. Thanks for your time today and we'll talk to you next quarter.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah, Tyler, Jim Trevathan. They will add some volume. They obviously will roll forward. But it's, I don't know, 10 basis points or so basis points, in that vicinity 20 basis points.
James E. Trevathan: It's not huge. Our base core business is doing very well, Tyler, and we expect that to continue into 2018. But they're there and they're helping, but New York City, for example, will not be up full speed until the fourth quarter of 2018 as they continue to move volume from current locations through those MTSs. So, that won't hit until late in the year, the full...
James E. Trevathan: About the same; about 10, 20 basis points. We'll get you more firm numbers, but it's in that vicinity.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah, Tyler. They're primarily at least annual, in most cases, multiple year contracts when we commit, for example, moving volume from transfer stations into our landfills. So, no immediate impact. There may be, in many cases, fuel surcharges like we charge our customers that are impacted as fuel rates change, but overall, it's not a huge impact on a one-year basis. Over time, if we see the same trend happen, that'll occur, but we'll get that price back from our customers as we move – as our cost goes up for transportation, we're going to raise the pricing on disposal.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah, Hamzah, I'll start with your churn question. As we've said on almost every one of these calls, we don't see an end to improving churn. It's one of the reasons that, as Jim mentioned, we're looking from a digital standpoint at improving our offering to customers to create more stickiness. It's the reason that we focused so heavily on a quality of service metric on the collection lines of business. We see opportunity in churn whether it's on a revenue basis, as I mentioned, or on a number of customer locations like we've historically measured churn, there's continued opportunity. We haven't put a number to it and it's not a guidance topic that we're going to give you a guidance number on, but we're going to seek improvement every year in that metric.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. Michael, the way I look at it, we grew commercial and industrial volume, as I stated in the script, I mean, at very healthy numbers, yet our routes grew about 1%. So, we're at a local district level, we probably – we look at it your way, but across the company, we're looking at it on a gross metric standpoint and then seeing where the biggest growth opportunity is as we look forward. We look very closely at each fall when we do strategic planning with our areas at what MSAs are growing. What's our GDP? And what do we expect from them? And that also affects the truck side of the house.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. We, for example, Michael, owned the SDO, our efficiency and process that we rolled out several years ago. We've got 98% of our districts that are up about 98% of our routes are certified. So, we're really pushing to continue to get that efficiency. And your overall concept is right, but we may look at it metric-wise a little differently.
James E. Trevathan: So, I think at this point, with the higher CapEx we're seeing and somewhat of a position that the American economy is not really used to, the corporate America is not used to, which is lower corporate taxes and what to do with those. I mean that really, honestly, Michael, has been the central question around corporate tax reform is will companies return it directly to shareholders? Or will they inject it in the economy and see it come out the other side in the form of higher economic growth? I think before we give a number that is a higher baseline – by the way, it is going to be higher. I mean just to be clear here, our free cash flow baseline is going up, but we need the next few months to figure out by how much. And some of that is because the way we handle taxes or this tax or these tax reform dollars is a little different than just simply tacking them on to free cash flow.
James E. Trevathan: And, Michael, we've spent a lot of time looking at this issue of driver and technician retention. And the other thing that I'd just add just a little bit of color to Jim's point, that was right on target, was that if you'd look at efficiency or our risk cost or our customer scores from drivers, those longer-tenured drivers just kill it compared to that first year or two new driver. So, not only do you get the value, the obvious value from retention, you get it on the true core business side as well that, we think, will add real value long-term as we get that number down as low as we can.
James E. Trevathan: Hey, Michael, to your first part, yeah, we have outlets for our materials. We talked about it quite a bit on the last couple of calls. We've spend a lot of time, our team at corporate, we think, are the best in the industry at finding outlets for materials. And we've done that aggressively. It doesn't affect cost, cost is still down, but we absolutely have outlets for our materials. But Jim mentioned contamination, I also want to mention, we're looking to reclaim part of that contamination cost over time. We did a lot of work as we've talked about the last three or four years, around the business model itself. And contracts are part of that and we've gotten real value, this is still a really valuable business to our shareholder, but to our customers. And we've gotten value out of those contract changes that got rid of floor pricing. Most of them added contamination charges, we – for third-party volumes, we're charging contamination charges and it started to get more aggressive in that regard. For the public sector contracts, most of them have the clauses in place, but getting it from those residential customers is a little different task. And we're aggressively ramping-up that effort as well, to try to reclaim that cost. And again, improve the business model itself, so that long-term, these kinds of changes are managed properly. But without a doubt, we're getting rid of our materials, have no issues there, but it is affecting price and cost because of the transportation.
James E. Trevathan: And it's about creating a sustainable business model, as well as sustainable benefit to the environment.
James E. Trevathan: I think one more – just one more piece of color there. I'd like to stress that that $2,000 per employee was not in place to combat wage inflation in any sense. We we've got a process in place. We work really closely with our HR teams. We look at the demand, the competitive wages by MSA, and we adjust accordingly. We've found a few that we think needed changes and then we changed them, and we'll continue to look at that. This has nothing to do with just normal wage inflation. It's to look strategically at our employees and how do we improve that retention issue.
James E. Trevathan: And Corey, the only other one is on the landfill side, all that storm debris happened in the second half of the year. So, just landfill comps will get more difficult in that regard. But the core MSW shouldn't be affected; it should be still strong, regardless of the quarter.
James E. Trevathan: I think, no. We're – we have not changed our strategy regarding price at all. We will go get our core price guidance numbers and we'll execute that. Those processes are in place and we're pretty good at it at the area level with corporate leading the way. The volume change, the economy has helped some, obviously. We think we've gotten better. We know we have on the defection side. We've gotten some again, the storm debris kind of things that helped that volume to price relationship, improve the volume side of the house. The outage that we've talked about in Virginia did; special waste was strong last year especially in the second half of the year and should move forward. But most of that has come from economic change from our focus on defection and from our attempt to go put the right resources in the right cities and MSAs to take advantage of the volume that's occurring per GDP. That's what Jim talked about. So, as the opportunity is there, we've gotten better at getting that volume.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah, Henry. I don't see any different competitive landscape than we've had for the last couple of years. It is a very competitive business, and I think it always will be. It has been and will be. Volume obviously helps in that from – it comes from the economy. There are more start-ups that give all of us a better opportunity to get some volume growth, but our core price strategy isn't going to change for our core collection customers. We're still – the marketplace allows it, we go get that core price increase and we will in 2018. And I think the teams are set up and ready to do again in 2019 and 2020 and on. I just don't see that changing, and I don't see a competitive difference today than two or five years ago.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. Michael, I haven't seen any change in the 2016 or 2017 versus the historical view that all of our competitors whether they're small third parties or the majors. I think, in general, this is a disciplined business that rewards those who act in a disciplined manner and, I think, the industry is for the most part. I mean, there are always one-offs, but not that would affect any of us over the long haul.
Devina A. Rankin: But I think you can look – Tyler, I would just add that I think you can look at our return on invested capital as a good indication of how we think of hurdle rates. As we talked about for many years, we intend to invest the capital that we have available to us through our free cash flow in a way that's accretive. And so, our return on invested capital growth over the last few years, because we're acquiring business and investing capital in a way that will continue to create growth for the return on invested capital over the years ahead.
Devina A. Rankin: So, we've talked about $100 million to $200 million as our annual target. As Jim mentioned, we've got the balance sheet, we are well-positioned in order to allocate that and then some in the year ahead, but it's going to be largely dependent upon whether we can get transactions done in a disciplined way, and whether seller expectations will align with our own view of value in this new environment.
Devina A. Rankin: And then. Hamzah, I would say, the same is true on the working capital front. You speak to the cash churn rate for our business as it compares to the rest of the industry and that's certainly something that we pay attention to. And you'll see in our 2017 results that we made good strides with regard to working capital, and we expect that those strides will continue to bear fruit in the year ahead. It's difficult to predict how quickly we can make changes. As an example, we got an additional day-and-a-half extension on our DPO in 2017. It'd be great to see that same results in the year ahead, but it's difficult to say that that's going to be what we target because, as you know, when you focus on continuous improvement, you tend to address the easier parts of change first and the parts that will provide the most value, the quickest first. And that's certainly the approach that we've been using. We're going to continue to move the needle, both on our DSO and our DPO in the year ahead, and that continuous improvement mindset is something that applies to all parts of our business. So, I guess, that sums it up with regard to your view of self-help, it's in the guidance.
Devina A. Rankin: Sure. So, as I mentioned, we expect about $275 million of a reduction on a pre-tax reform basis versus tax reform basis. That $275 million is inclusive of both the reduction in the rate, the corporate rate, and then also moving from bonus depreciation to full expensing of capital. And so, that $275 million is offset then by $50 million to $75 million of an increase that we can expect as our pre-tax earnings growth. And then, when we look at 2017, we did have some tax planning benefits that won't repeat. We talked about pulling forward some of our capital spend into the fourth quarter. We also accomplished a number of other tax planning initiatives in the fourth quarter that provided us some benefit. So, all in all, I think you focused on that $275 million and the $50 million to $75 million of increase and that says, what kind of flow-through that we would expect in free cash flow in the year ahead.
Devina A. Rankin: So, I think with regards to the fleet part of the answer, Michael, I would actually revise that to say it is both. So, it's replacing some of our existing fleet faster and it's investing in trucks – incremental trucks as we see core commercial and industrial collection growth. And then you're right, we've seen accelerated landfill volume increases. And so, we'll build out more on the sell development side as well.
Devina A. Rankin: We've got a great deal of operating growth in the free cash flow line. So, I would say, first, with regard to capital and how we think about it over the long term, we've talked for a long time about 9% to 10% being our target capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue. And certainly, our pricing focus in growing our revenue through price is one of the tools that helps for us to maintain that discipline in capital expenditures. But when you look over the long term, in years where volume growth is lower, we didn't just trend toward the bottom of that range, we often broke through and were in the 8% range. So, when we're looking at capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue over the long term in the future, if we continue to see the level of volume growth that we saw in 2017 and expect in 2018, you can expect our capital expenditures to be above the high-end of that typical range, because we're going to be really focused on making sure that we deploy assets in a way to participate in growth. And so, we finished 2017 at about 10.5% of revenue. And if you look at 2018 in the plan, it'll take us to about 10.7% to 11% of revenue in capital in the year ahead. And so, it's too early for us to start to give guidance on 2019 and 2020. But I can tell you that if we see the economy responds the way we expect it to with tax reform and potentially infrastructure spending ahead, then you can see us continue to spend a higher level of capital.
Devina A. Rankin: So when we look at the expected headwinds from recycling to revenue, we think it's about $100 million in the year ahead.
Devina A. Rankin: Well actually, Noah, in 2017, those volume comps, the way they trended, had a lot to do with the anniversary of the National Account business. And so, that's what you saw impact 2017, particularly in the commercial line of business. So, we don't have that same, kind of, large contracts that we'll be anniversarying in the year ahead. So, other than what Jim mentioned with regard to the landfill volumes and the storm debris, there's not anything that would dramatically influence the quarter-by-quarter volume trends in 2018.
Devina A. Rankin: Is that what you're asking with regard to leverage? Yeah. We're certainly below our long-term averages. We're at the best level, I think, that the company has ever been, certainly in my tenure. And we've talked for a long time about the fact that our goal is a solid investment-grade rating. And so, we'll continue to prioritize that when we think about leverage. We don't chase leverage up as our business grows and as EBITDA grows by allocating more cash to things that aren't accretive to the business for the long term. That's our first priority, is ensuring that we continue to invest dollars to grow that return on invested capital and grow our business over the long term. So, we don't want to make short-term decisions that would affect the leverage. We, certainly, are comfortable with where we are today and we're comfortable up to around 3.25 times because we think that is what – is needed to maintain our investment-grade rating.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. Fair enough. And if I follow-through then on the CapEx, is this an 2018 – I'm running at a higher rate of normalized pace and therefore, I can think of your free cash flow as actually having – there's another (46:41) $100 million of play there to the upside, that's the way to think of – because the other way to put it -look at this is and I would pursue it further with Devina, is if you finished the year at $1.77 billion, but you're going to a midpoint of $2 billion, and I got something in the $200 million as tax related, then it doesn't look like there's a lot of operating growth there when in reality there is.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. It's back up. And then, on deals, I just want to make sure I get the $100 million to $200 million, but you're referring to what you're spending, not dollars or revenues, or is it dollar or revenues? I just want to make sure I was...
Michael E. Hoffman: You're spending, okay. And so, you're staying with the $100 million to $200 million for now, and we'll see what the pace of activity, and people (55:10)
Michael E. Hoffman: Fair enough. And then lastly on the recycling, the 4 to – goes sense in 3Q, it goes to 8.2% some of that has to be taxes, but the rest of it is there's more expense, there was less lower price. And I was curious to mix and then the other is just you're pretty big exporter to China, I'm assuming you have found alternatives. And so you've found places for the volume to go now and we have to wait and see how the market pricing behaves once the Chinese New Year is over.
Michael E. Hoffman: This is fascinating – I realized this is in the form to continue that part of the conversation, but it's the fascinating part of the conversation, because it means getting back to the municipality and everybody having an honest conversation about how this has been approached from the start, at the point of collection...
Michael E. Hoffman: So, one last thing, Jim Trevathan, I've known you for most of that 39 years and I can say that you are leaving just better than you found it, both your business and the community you're serving. It's been a pleasure and thank you.
