James C. Fish: All right. Thanks, Ed, and thank you all for joining us. The WM team delivered a remarkably strong finish to 2023 driving fourth operating EBITDA 15% higher. This accelerated earnings growth led to full-year operating EBITDA that exceeded the high-end of our most recent guidance range by nearly $25 million and achieved the midpoint of our original expectations from the beginning of the year. Our strong financial results for both the quarter and the year were powered by our collection and disposal business. This performance starts with disciplined organic revenue growth that exceeded our expectations. And once again, our success in managing the middle of the P&L really stands out in our results, as our teams continue to make progress in optimizing our cost structure with the help of technology and automation. When you combine our revenue performance with the improvement in operating costs, we saw widening of our price-to-cost spread and increased profitability. Operating EBITDA margin reached a record 29.9% in the fourth quarter and full-year margin expanded 90 basis points 28.9%. As 2024 kicks-off, we're confident that our continued focus on optimizing our cost structure and executing on sustainability growth projects sets us up for another year of outsized growth. We anticipate operating EBITDA growth of 7.7% at the midpoint of our guidance, which translates to more than $450 million of which $115 million comes directly from our sustainability growth investments. We remain excited about the economic and environmental benefits of expanding our renewable natural gas and recycling platforms. Our execution is tracking well and we expect to commission five new renewable natural gas facilities by the end of the year reaching 30% of our run rate renewable natural gas volume growth. We're also on-track to complete automation upgrades at 10 recycling facilities and add three recycling facilities in new markets in 2024. Turning to capital allocation, you'll hear from Devina, on this topic in more detail, but I want to stress our confidence and our ability to continue to allocate capital to all of our priorities. This includes investing in our high-return sustainability growth projects, acquiring accretive businesses and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our tuck-in acquisition pipeline is robust, and there are some indications that 2024 could have heightened activity in this regard. We're committed to a disciplined approach to acquiring companies ensuring that any deals we pursue yield appropriate returns particularly given the high-returns in sustainability opportunities. In closing, I want to thank the entire WM team for another great year. We were just at the WM Phoenix Open last week and I've said before, we work hard for this event to create a representation of the bigger company with a central focus on people and the environment. We've been the title sponsor for 15 years now and the tournament's been recognized as the largest zero waste sporting event in the world for 12 years running. It makes me proud to see the WM team out there making waste diversion operations run smoothly and demonstrating our sustainability leadership so well. I look forward to working with this great team in 2024 as we continue to drive growth by executing our operating plans and progressing our investments in technology, automation and sustainability. I'll now turn the call over to John, to discuss our operational results.
James C. Fish: Yes, Bryan, a couple of standouts really were continues to be residential pricing and disposal pricing, those actually showed increases year-over-year. Not surprisingly, the other collection lines of business were down, but that wasn't unexpected. As we move into ‘24, we think that kind of 4.5% to 5% yield number is a good target for us. And pricing continues to be a strength. We said at the beginning of ‘23 that our focus areas for the year would be pricing and then the cost controls that, John, went through. So, pricing is going to continue to at least add a little bit of margin for us. We think as opposed to ‘22 where we I've said several times we kind of felt like we were in hand-to-hand combat with our cost structure.
James C. Fish: So, Jerry, real quickly, we did kind of anticipate that there will be some questions on margin. And so, just a couple of things here. First of all, the margin obviously for Q4 was as strong as we could have expected it and to be and that has continued as we look at the month of January. January came in quite strong for us, so we're pleased with that. The second point would be around some of the questions that you're asking around conservatism on margin for ‘24 and Devina did a really good job of explaining that. I think it's really just I guess you could argue that it's conservative based on 90 basis points of improvement from 2022 to 2023. But there seems to be an uncertain year in front of us every time we come to this point. We don't know exactly what the economy is going to do. Some days I feel great about the economy, other day is not so great. So, you could argue there's a little bit of economic conservatism in there and also a little bit of forecasting conservatism coming off such a strong year that you want to try and say we're going to do the same thing going forward into ‘24. But we do feel really good about the way we finished the year and honestly the way we've started the year so far through January.
James C. Fish: I think Tyler, a little bit of an add on here is that I've been told we don't pat ourselves on the back enough, so I'm going to pat ourselves on the back a little bit here. When we started talking about some aspirational metrics, meaning margin, EBITDA margin, SG&A as percent of revenue, OpEx as percent a couple of years ago and then talking about technology and using attrition to reduce our labor dependence. Those numbers were pretty far out on the horizon. And, now in every case those numbers are literally a stone's throw away for us. Whether you talk about 30% EBITDA margin, we're right there for the fourth quarter, SG&A at 9%, we're very close to that and OpEx at 60%, very close to that. So, I'm really proud of the team for executing so well on this and being able to stand up on this call today and last quarter as well and say those things that we put out there, those goals that we set, we're getting close to achieving those. That means we're satisfied. We'll continue to set higher goals, but I'm pleased with the fact that we've been able to get to those goals that were pretty far in the out on the horizon we initially set them.
James C. Fish: And John, those supply chain constraints are not that different from what we've seen on the fleet side of our business either. The good news is that as you heard, John Morris, talk about it, we started to see that free up a bit and so Tara seeing the same thing on the RNG and recycling side, but we definitely had some supply chain constraints that contributed to this bit of a slowdown over 2022 in particular, but also the front half of 2023.
James C. Fish: So, look, we said that our acquisition pipeline was robust. I think what you're seeing is that some of those, and I'm speaking just from this is somewhat anecdotal and speaking to some of those folks that we have acquired, is that, there's kind of a multitude of challenges for them, some of which we face and some of which we don't face. So, one that we might not face is a lack of a succession plan for some of these folks. Their kids have just decided they don't want to run the business. They'd rather go take the money and live in Italy. And so, that's not something we face fortunately, but they're also having challenges with labor. We're addressing that as you've heard today through automation and in some cases they are as well, in some cases they're not able to do that. So, there's a number of different reasons why there's a growing list of willing sellers. We're going to take advantage of that. But at the same time, we've invested heavily in these organic growth projects, and we want to make sure that we have similar returns before we go invest heavily in tuck-ins.
James C. Fish: Yes. Tobey, we got about, we've delivered about 1,700 units this year, which was a little light of what we had planned for, but that would be really considered a full lot. And we probably have another 300 units on top of that to deliver. So, I would say that by the end of ‘24, we're fully caught up. What I would tell you is, team has done a really good job of not compromising the quality of our fleet had shown up in our service and it's really starting to show up in the back half of the year in terms of our operating performance and we see that continuing into ‘24, and certainly as we get the benefit of some additional vehicles.
James C. Fish: Yes. I mean, we've been in hazardous waste space for quite some time and it continues to be a valuable component of our portfolio. And we've got coverage nationally. We've got assets on the East Coast and then obviously to the South East and on the West Coast as well. And, I would tell you, we continue to look for opportunities to grow that business. I think one of the benefits we have is, we've got a tremendous network of transportation assets that allows us to access a lot of the prominent markets, I think the Southeast, the Gulf Coast is one where we are very, very well-positioned, in terms of our hazardous waste presence.
James C. Fish: Well, I think you've hit on the right focal point for us which is that price cost spread as opposed to just looking at price because obviously, in ‘22, price was higher. But as I said, we were really just combating this real high inflation in ‘22. ‘23 was as you said back to a point where the price cost spread starts to widen a bit. And so how much that widens is a little bit of a question mark. We don't know exactly where inflation goes. This morning's numbers were maybe a little disappointing to the market. But we feel good about the wage inflation. We feel like that is much more kind of something we have control of now, whereas two years ago, we really had less control over it. I think you'll see the price cost spread stay pretty close to where it's been in 2023. 2024 won't be a big change from that standpoint.
James C. Fish: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us. We're very proud of the quarter we had, very proud of the year, excited about what 2024 holds for us, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Devina A. Rankin: Yes, I think it's a great question, Noah. And similar to what we talked about in terms of the EBITDA dollar growth, the cadence, sorry, for margin is pretty similar. We expect margin expansion to be more heavily weighted towards the front half of the year particularly in the collection and disposal business, the SG&A margin expansion will be fairly even over 2024. But then with regard to the sustainability businesses, the commodity price benefits that we expect to see in 2024 aren't quite significant, right. They're pretty muted on a year-over-year basis. But as a reminder, commodity price expansion in the recycling line of business can have some margin compression because of the really high return on invested capital part of our brokerage business. And, on the renewable natural gas part of the business, we expect margin expansion there too because those are such great margin projects, but those will be heavily weighted toward the back half. So, from a margin perspective, while the collection and disposal business is definitely the thing that delivered in Q4, we do expect that to be the thing that lifts margin most significantly in the year ahead and that will be weighted toward the first half of the year.
Devina A. Rankin: Yes, it's a great question. And your recollection of our outlook revision mid-year is spot on with regard to some of the softness we were seeing in the special waste part of the business. And, we saw a strong recovery of that in the fourth quarter, which is one of the reasons that we saw revenue exceed our expectations late in the year. We're not necessarily expecting a rebound of special waste volumes in the year ahead, but we are expecting some of this momentum that we saw in Q4 to carry over, but nothing outsized. The one thing that I would call out as a reminder with regard to some of the special project type work is 2023 did have a benefit from Hurricane Ian volumes particularly in the first quarter, and so that certainly will have an impact on the Q1 comparisons in 2024.
Devina A. Rankin: I definitely think the way that you summarized it there on the last part of your comment is the way that we're thinking about this, in particular when we were setting our margin expectations for the year ahead, the momentum that we have in the fourth quarter shows that we have tremendous confidence in having the cost improvement work that we've been so focused on as an organization through automation technology, and importantly, the delivery of trucks as something that we can continue to see benefits from in the year ahead. The caution for us, I would say that may have us below that seasonally adjusted margin outlook that you've done. It really relates to a couple of things. It's one, some of the weather impacts that we saw in January. Two, last year when we gave inflation outlook, we tended to see that inflation was sticking around and being more stubborn than we had predicted and so we're taking a more cautious view on inflationary pressures in the year ahead than we did a year ago. But really what I want to highlight is that, there's tremendous confidence in the fundamentals. The price cost spread has improved. The accelerated truck deliveries and our optimization efforts and the discipline in SG&A are all showing strong results. I think the best line to look at is actually our repair and maintenance line and the operating expense as a percentage of revenue category. And, over the long-term that had trended below 9% of revenue for us and through the first nine months of 2023, we were at 9.9%. That measure was down to 9.1% in Q4. So, we know that we've got some really strong momentum coming into the year ahead that will continue those cost benefits that you saw us produce in the fourth quarter. Into 2024, we just think that it's prudent to be on the conservative side when predicting full-year margin.
Devina A. Rankin: Sure. And Ed and Heather will be happy to walk you through any details I don't cover here. But, I'm glad, one, that the additional clarity is beneficial. The other that I would say is that on the IRG measures that we do, the internal revenue growth measures that we do, you'll see commodity price impact in a single line, which is recycling processes and renewable energy, so that's all price. And then you'll see the incremental volume from new projects, whether it be automation projects that have more throughput at the plant or the new Eco Vista plant that will be in the volume line. In terms of the segment reporting line, the only thing that might be a little bit of a complicating factor is the internal revenue between the renewables business and the collection and disposal business, you can think of it as the renewables business paying a royalty to the collection and disposal business associated with the landfill gas production that doesn't show up in the revenue line, because it's effectively just a cost for the renewables business. Hopefully that's helpful.
Devina A. Rankin: So, the way to think about this is that when we gave that volume outlook that was just the collection and disposal volume. The renewable energy business increases. We have on a combined basis being in the range of 30 basis points to 60 basis points in the year ahead. And, that's a combination of commodity price impacts and volume.
Devina A. Rankin: Yes, for Q4 specifically, again, the collection and disposal business and the efficiency that we drove was the lion's share of that improvement at 220 basis points. Fuel was another 50 basis points. So, that really does explain almost the entirety of it. There are a few other puts and takes, but I would say that my comments earlier about repair and maintenance and then John's comments about the labor line, those are the two places that are driving that 220 basis points of margin expansion.
Devina A. Rankin: And then I'll just add a little bit of color that provide some clarity on a couple of the points that you brought up, Michael. One, with higher recycling commodity prices, the brokerage business can actually put downward pressure on margin. And so that's one of the things that we have built into our outlook for 2024. And then, in terms of wage inflation, we start at 4% with our folks. And so, wage inflation is still expected to be north of 4% when you take into account spot increases that we have to provide in certain markets to be responsive to various changes. So, 4% is kind of our baseline, and then you add on top of that.
Devina A. Rankin: Yes. Basically, what we've always said is that we believe that our volume is about a 75% flow through from GDP. And so, we did have a fairly muted outlook with regard to GDP when we built our plan. I hope your crystal ball is better than mine, but I would tell you that our expectations for economic outlook continue to be that we need to be on the cautious side of things just because there's so much left in uncertainty, you saw that with today's print on CPI as an example, which exceeded expectations.
Devina A. Rankin: On the ITC point, Michael, just so that we're crystal clear in terms of the implications of that on our 2024 guidance. We contemplated $120 million of ITC benefit in our free cash flow outlook for the year.
Devina A. Rankin: So, we want to take a breath and celebrate, all of the incremental transparency we've provided. We're really proud of the work that the team did because, while it looks easy, it isn't. There's a whole lot of work that went into it. With regard to the more, I would say, operational driver elements of the reporting, we'll continue to evaluate whether or not there's anything that it's a strong complement to the financial measures and consider any additions in the years ahead. But right now, we're going to continue to execute on this strong reporting that we've been able to accomplish. And, we actually would like to see the industry follow suit in terms of providing additional visibility because we think it's beneficial.
Devina A. Rankin: So, the K will be released early today and we're in good shape for that. So, thank you to the team. With regard to the quarterly data, you'll get that over the course of the year. It'll have the full-year data. The quarterly recast will come quarter-by-quarter.
Devina A. Rankin: So there's two key things that I would want everyone to bear in mind as you think about our trajectory. The first is in 2024, we're going to have roughly 40 projects under construction at any given time. So, that really gives you a sense of how we're building and we have a lot of momentum in the ramp. The second key piece is really exiting 2024, we're going to be approaching roughly $300 million in run rate EBITDA which gives you a sense of where we're headed on that ramp to the $800 million. So, what we're really seeing in 2024 is a true build of momentum on reaching that $800 million target.
Devina A. Rankin: But the key takeaway for us there, whether it's 70% or 90%, and that's kind of the zip code that I think we should be thinking about. The free cash flow conversion in these businesses is stronger because, the maintenance capital is lower. And so, it is right to think about that being a really strong fundamental contributing factor to the long-term yield of this business.
Tara J. Hemmer: I would just say this aligns really well with our business and we're making great progress on building out these plans. The five that we're going to bring online in 2024, we're going to have strong contribution from them exiting 2024 and this is going to be something we're going to continue to grow.
Tara J. Hemmer: Yes, the difference really is related to inflation, primarily in our renewable natural gas build and relates to inflation related supply chain, also a little bit on construction increases and interconnects. So, that is the difference.
Tara J. Hemmer: So, starting with the real positive, the one thing that the federal government did is, said a three-year RVO and having that for 2023 through 2025, you've seen clear stability in the program and so that's been a positive. With the ITC, we think when Treasury issued their guidance that there was a misinterpretation over what was in the Inflation Reduction Act and we don't just share this view, others do with us that are in the biogas community and generate landfill gas renewable energy from landfill gas. We've commented on that and we're anticipating that Treasury will come out with some further guidance later this year and so cautiously optimistic there. So, there's a whole host of credits that could be stacked. Obviously, the ITC was within our plan and we remain optimistic related to that and of course looking to 2025 with the production tax credit too.
Tara J. Hemmer: Sure. So we have about two-thirds of our off-take locked in for 2024. And when we think about what's locked in, it is a mix of long-term contracts and also RINs that we purchased really sold on the forward side into 2024 which would have been at a higher rate than $3. So, on a blended basis, you sort of get a lower average there. And then the third that we would be selling in 2024 that's what's at the $3 RIN guide. The other thing I want to just mention is those longer term contracts that we have in place, there is a mix anywhere from five to 20 years, so we're really trying to take an approach where we have different tenors that we're locked in at.
Tara J. Hemmer: The two Canadian projects are related to extended producer responsibility and I think this is a great example where we were able to really showcase our automation investments and how differentiated our assets are really taking the pro to some of the facilities that we have across the United States. And so, that's a great example where we're able to win more business based on those investments. Extended producer responsibility in Canada and the structure that we have there, it really is around us using those assets as manufacturing plants and really it's a fee for service model. So, it's a great example of how we can leverage this technology differentiation for more business in the future.
Tara J. Hemmer: You're exactly right. Those two are in Ontario and this is something that we're actively tracking throughout Canada and then of course looking at where there is pending legislation in the United States as well. There's obviously Colorado as an example, which is on the front and making sure that we're well-positioned to respond to the PROs when they eventually implement.
Tara J. Hemmer: The way to think about it and what is really unique about WM, is because we have our own fleet of compressed natural gas vehicles. We're in a very unique spot where we are able to close the loop. We produce renewable natural gas. We can allocate that renewable natural gas to our fleet to generate the RIN, so we don't have to give up any of our RIN value. That's probably the most significant advantage with WM as compared to others in the space. And that's how we monetize and create RINs ourselves versus others having to really tie it to someone else's fleet.
Tara J. Hemmer: I think we get the full value and the other thing to bear in mind is, you're looking at spot prices. And while we do play in the spot market, we also have been very actively looking at how we can forward sell and really look at selling our RINs six months out, a year out. So, there's a balance there.
Tara J. Hemmer: I can go ahead and take it in two parts and I'll speak to the commodity price piece first and then the timeline second. So, on the commodity price piece for recycling, I think one of the things that we've done really well is really change our model to be a fee-for-service model and we have 95% of our contracts through that, which is really insulated us a bit on the commodity side. And then on top of that, recall that a significant piece of the benefit is coming independent of commodity prices, really those labor cost improvements and also some price premiums that we get related to the automation benefit. On the renewable energy side, one of the things that we've been clear on is that we're going to work towards an 80-40-20 framework where 80% of our volume would be locked up within one year, and that would be something that we would be working towards in 2026. You heard me mention roughly a third of our off-take is already locked up. So, that gives us some confidence on the commodity price side. Related to projects, we've really been kicking this around, looking at our project timelines and making sure that we're within a strong and confident range for 2024. We have two large projects that are coming online in Q3 and so feel confident in our ability to hit the project timelines on both the recycling and renewable energy side.
Tara J. Hemmer: I think you have to compare the $510 million to the $500 million, because the $500 million number was without the e-RINs and the third-party RNG projects. So, the best way to think about it is we've increased our target by $10 million for the renewable natural gas business.
Tara J. Hemmer: A portion of it is from the two new projects in Canada and then a mix of other benefits from our portfolio projects.
