Hamzah Mazari – Credit Suisse: Hey, David, my first question is, if you could talk about your interest for the work that you’ve done may be to explore a more tax efficient structure, whether it be on the MLP or REIT side, I realize that there are precedence on the landfill MLP side, but the REIT side may be tougher given the various businesses you are in, but the landscape that has changed in the last 12 months. So maybe if you could talk about any work you’ve done there, which external advisors you’ve hired, when you did the work, and just maybe talk about your long-term interest in moving to a more tax efficient structure, particularly as you become a more focused company in terms of divesting non-core assets.
Hamzah Mazari – Credit Suisse: That’s a very helpful. And then maybe if you could talk about how investors should think about the restructuring the plan that you guys have in place. It seems like nothing flows to the bottom line this year, because you have higher bonus accruals. If you look long-term, should investors expect this restructuring plan to be real? Are we going to see Waste Management’s margins 300, 400 bps higher by the end of 2015? Or shall we continue to expect offsets on the costs side longer-term? Any color you can give there.
Hamzah Mazari – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just last question from me, have you guys thought about bringing the pricing back that you had, a number of years ago and you took that out. Is that something that you want to bring in an up market or down market? Maybe help us understand that dynamic.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, Hamzah, I think obviously we are always interested in methods to create shareholder value. Since the first day I came here, I’ve been interested in the REIT structure, but as you know the rules and regulations weren’t particularly conducive to it. Certainly in the last couple of years, we’ve seen the developments that are more positive with respect to looking at a REIT structure, but there is still a lot of uncertainty out there. And so we’ll continue to monitor those developments and we’ll see how it plays out. I would not expect that we would go out and try to set a President by getting a private letter rule or anything sort like that. We’d like to see a little bit more positive development before we incur that kind of expense. But in the meantime, there is always a lot of both operational and as you know technical issues that you have to resolve and we are constantly looking at those through our tax department, through our outside advisors.
David P. Steiner: So I will just add to that Hamzah, that we are taking a very strong stance on not only non-labor SG&A, but further labor-related SG&A costs going into 2013.
David P. Steiner: Absolutely, and as you know, Hamzah, my commitment that pricing is doesn’t matter, but it’s up or down market. We’re going to put the plans in place to drive yield. But you’re absolutely right. I do think that we may have lost a little bit of our focus on yield and we took the yield gate off, that certainly when you put incentive plans in place, it drives behavior. So what we’re doing in 2013 is we aren’t putting a price gate in place. What we’re putting in place is an incentive plan, right. And so what we’ve got is a plan that allows our field leaders to earn about 50% of their annual compensation dependent upon them achieving yield of 1.5% for each of the next two years. And so that’s a significant amount of compensation and risk for them. And I fully expect that we’ll see the appropriate behavior for them to realize those benefits.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, as you know, Bill, that’s been stubbornly low over the last few years. We think that it’s more economic related than it is pricing related. But certainly in 2013, we are going to be more aggressive than we’ve ever been from the pricing point of view. But we’ve also seen our rollbacks come down to the lowest level they are in the year and we thought a modest increase in the churn rate of 20 basis point increase in the churn rate. So, that’s what leads us to believe that it’s not our pricing program that’s driving it, it’s more economic related.William H. Fisher – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, I think the good news is we’ve seen some good stability and actually some decent growth in our roll off business. Now, a lot of that obviously comes from the oil shale plays. But from a construction point of view, we’ve seen good volume growth. We expect that to continue into 2013, but we don’t expect it to bounce dramatically back to where it was sort of in the 2005 and 2007 range. So we are expecting modest growth in 2013 and if something better happens, we will be pretty surprise.Adam R. Thalhimer – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
David P. Steiner: You know, look when we did the, for example, when we did the Oakleaf deal, obviously, that was pretty margin dilutive, because it’s a brokerage business model, and it’s meant to be margin dilutive, because you’re earning low margins, but with no capital involved, right. And so, I don’t think it would be unusual to see those EBITDA margins go down. Now, we’ve anniversaried the Oakleaf acquisition, now is when you actually should start seeing those EBITDA margins turn the other way in 2012. And quite honestly, we talk about our price in yield gates and our compensation plan in 2012 margin is 25% of the annual bonus for all of our leaders in the company and in order to earn that bonus margins have to go up next year. So we sort of expected to take, have diluted margins both from Oakleaf and from recycling commodity prices when you can understate the $120 million, $130 million that came down in commodity prices in 2012. We don’t expect those same types of headwinds in 2013, so that’s when you can see the margins turn back and we’ve got the compensation plan that required us for that to happen for us to get paid.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, when I’m talking about non-core, I’m talking about anything that is not solid waste or recycling related.Albert Leo Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay, but that...
David P. Steiner: So there is two categories, there is the hydrocarbon properties which we talk about. And then there is the investments that we’ve made in a number of companies that use alternate processing technologies. And some of those companies, as we’ve said all along, we design what I would call one of the better green portfolios in the United States, some of those companies are going to win, some of them are going to lose, I mean that’s what the nature of the beast is. But we’ve made those investments two and three years ago, a couple of those in the next two years I would expect to come to fruition. You don’t invest in companies that go public the next day, you invest in companies and they go public over a longer period of time. And so I would expect over the next few years we’ll see a couple of those investments go public, which give us the opportunity to monetize it if we decide to. We have a couple with that aren’t as strategic to us which we thought maybe three years ago and we may look to settle some of those investments. And then we are not going to make a level of investments that we’ve made over the last few years. Look, we’ve got our – what I call our green portfolio in pretty good shape. We’ve been investing over the last few years at a fairly high rate, we’re not going to invest at that high rates going forward. And so, what we are trying to say is, those should be net cash positive. We’ll still make some small investments but we’re not going to make the size of investment that we made over the last three years and we’re going to start to monetize some of those. So over the next two to three years, you should see that portfolio turn from being a net cash drag to be net cash positive, and its the exact same thing with the hydrocarbon properties. We’ve been investing over the last three years. You should see us monetizing over the next three.Albert Leo Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities Inc.: Thank you, David, for your time.
David P. Steiner: Right, right.Michael E. Hoffman – Wunderlich Securities Inc.: So that sort of a progress of that, I’ve got that sort of match approximately…
David P. Steiner: True.Michael E. Hoffman – Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Okay. And then thanks for giving the opening on the REIT too. As I write my note tomorrow if I understood your statement, Waste Management is not pursuing a private letter ruling because it does not see as a viable opportunity at this time, but it remains open to alternative corporate structures if the rules would change in the future.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, I think that’s fair. I probably characterize it Michael. I think there is more of a chance if it’s happening today than there was two years ago, but there is still a lot of uncertainty out there. And at this point in time, I would say, I don’t see us sort of taking the lead to try to do something that has that much of uncertainty around it. Why do I say that? You got a lot of operating issues, you’ve got a lot of technical issues, and in order to get pass both of those you’ve got to spend that heck of a lot of money. And so I would like to see, I would like to see a little bit more clarity in that arena, before we pull the trigger and spend a bunch of money chasing down that radical.Michael E. Hoffman – Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Okay.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, I don’t about you all, but for about two years from 2010, 2012, when I go overseas particularly the China, it was the only place you’d go where you see cranes on the skyline. Over the last year traveling throughout the United States, I’m starting to see cranes on the skyline again, which I think is a positive sign. Again, we’re not going to call that good times are here again. But I think it’s safe to say that we believe what we’re seeing is some stability and that we will actually continue to see some modest growth.David Warner – First Analysis Corporation: Okay. Thank you.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, look, incentive plan design is part of science, part hot. And I’ve been doing this for a long time and take a lot of time and effort to do it. And what you’ve got to do is you’ve got to properly balance the metric, right, you hit the nail right on the head. You can’t put one metric in that drives behavior, because every metric you put in will drive some good behavior and some bad behavior, right. And so you’ve got to put in metrics that that sometimes counterbalance each other. So when we do our plans, we generally look at margin, because margin in my mind is what means if you’re going to get profitable growth. Look we don’t want growth for growth sake. We want growth at accretive margins. And so that’s why we put the margin piece in. Looking back at what you’re talking with the focus on cost, we had costs in the program a year-ago, but it was less weighted. We moved the cost side to 50% this year, because we are trying to drive two things in 2013. One is our routing and logistics program and operating costs, so I’ll take a step back. We’ve always said to get that 300 basis points, we’re going to get 100 basis points at SG&A from the reorganization which we’ve gotten, we then going to get 100 basis points out of operating costs, which is our routing and logistics program, and then we are going to turn back to SG&A and get another 100 basis points after back-office consolidation. So we’ve gotten the reorganization, we’re now in phase 2 where we need to get 100 basis points out of our routing and logistics program. We also need to maintain that 130 that we got out of the reorganization. So we wanted to put a little bit more weighting on cost this year, because that’s where the focus is going to be. The focus is going to be in two places, price and cost in 2013 and there is not going to be anything else, lot of other things matter, but that’s going to be the two things that are going to drive profitability and frankly when you look back at our best years of profitability from 2005 to 2008, that’s what drove it then. So we decided to put a large waiting that I talked about earlier on that incentive for the pricing side and then we decided to take 50% of the annual bonus and put it on the cost side to make sure that everybody is focused. And then what we did was we made the field portion is based on operating costs, so they’ll be focused on implementing our routing and logistics programs. The corporate side is on SG&A, so that we don’t give away that $130 million benefit that we got last year. So we think that creates a good balance between cost and growth, but we certainly want to make sure that folks are focused on both cost and price in 2013.
David P. Steiner: It would be hard to ballpark it, but I would tell you, you just think about 8 million tons we processed and $130 million that we lost and you can start to see what kind of price increases you need to get, right. I mean, look, we are not in the recycling business to loose money. We believe that absolutely we want to be in the recycling business long-term, because our customers increasingly are demanding it, and we can extract more value out of that material, we can make great money when commodity prices are up. We just need to make sure that we also make more money when commodity prices are down and that’s where we are going to go through and make sure it occurs in 2013.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Understood. Thanks for your time.
David P. Steiner: Thank you all for joining us today. As I think you can see we’re pretty optimistic about 2013. We completely recognize that first and foremost Waste Management is a cash generating company. And in 2013, we’re going to get back to generate that $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of free cash. And in 2014, we’re going to get back to generating $1.2 billion plus and growing it over time. So we’ve got a team that is fully committed to the process. We’ve got a team that understands the plan, and we got incentive plans that are going to drive exactly that behavior. So we look forward to a good 2013 and a great 2014 and we’ll see you all on the road during the year. Thank you.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah, look, so in 2013, the good news in 2013 is that the offset of the restructuring is purely an accounting accrual, it’s not cash, right. So we will drop that $110 million from the reorganization. We will drop the cash to the bottom line in 2013. There is absolutely no doubt about that. But when you look ahead to 2014, to get that 300 basis points of margin improvement, we have to do a few things. First, in 2013, we are looking at additional non-labor SG&A savings, and we will get those during the course of the year. And then in 2014, we start our back office consolidations and that should get us another 100 basis points of cost improvement. The other areas where we are going to get the cost improvement or get the 300 basis points of margin expansion is about 100 basis points of operating costs, which are riding logistics efforts. And then we’ve got to get our yield backup – pushing backup towards 2%, while continuing to grow volumes, right. So the other place you get that margin expansion is through raising yield and growing revenue. So I’m confident we can get that over the next two to three years. This year, we just happen to have that bonus accrual that will offset it from earnings point of view, but won’t offset it from a cash point of view.
James C. Fish, Jr.: So, I have one quick comment Al, but this is not so much that pricing is not fallen to the bottom line, but we’ve got some things that we are focused on, I mentioned operating expense was up $71 million for the quarter that we mentioned back in the third quarter, we’ve got to reign in maintenance costs, so maintenance costs was – in the fourth quarter was again up year-over-year pretty significantly. So we feel like it’s not that the yield isn’t falling to the bottom line, but we’ve got some cost pressures that we are very much focused on and that’s why I wanted to mention the fact that we’ve got maintenance cost that there is somewhat out of line and our estimation, we’ve bought lot of trucks in 2012, that just start to have an impact, but it’s also a process issue there, so we got to manage that seem to get it and some others that have not learned their secrets yet. So we will look to pass that on to the rest of the company.Albert Leo Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay, I guess you are still long way either from 2% yield which I think is a little bit longer maybe it’s a near-term target, maybe it’s 14%/15%. But I just don’t hear from you and others that the end market is necessarily accepting a facilitating price at the upper end of that 1.5, I hope I’m wrong, but…
James C. Fish, Jr.: I guess, Michael, with that said, I mean we’ve done enough work on it on the concept to know that REITs are evolving to include some less conventional businesses and as they continue to evolve, we’ll keep our finger on that first.Michael E. Hoffman – Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
James C. Fish, Jr.: So actually the large majority of that increase in C&D volumes was due to Sandy. C&D doesn’t make up a huge percentage of our overall, but certainly the percentage increase was impressive and that was primarily due to Sandy. We are seeing anecdotally and talking to some of the ADPs seeing the housing market start to show some signs of strength. And I mention that on the special waste side, we’ve got a fairly strong pipeline going forward, so I think I’d say we’re cautious about optimism.
