David Steiner: Yes, certainly Scott as we said we expect the program to pick up in the back half of the year. We are actually very close to the gate right now and so our plans absolutely have us exceeding the gate in the back half of the year. When we look at the drivers, you hit the nail right on the head that the environmental fee was certainly a big driver contributing about $14 million sequentially from the first quarter, but with our pricing programs always the primary driver is going to be price increases and we’ve certainly accelerated those during the first quarter and the second quarter. Most of those hits even though we put them in the first quarter, they didn’t hit until the second quarter and so we saw a very aggressive pricing action on our commercial and industrial lines of business.
David Steiner: Our margins will expand this year. One thing to focus on is that half of the financial component of our annual incentive performance plan requires margin expansion. And so we will we think continue to expand margins as the year goes on what we expect will be last year.
David Steiner: Sure, when you look at the cost side of growth, in the first and second quarter we saw about $0.01 to $0.02 of expenses from those initiative. We would expect that to continue in the short term, but then to turn neutral and obviously ultimately turn positive. So those are expenses that we are glad to put out because they going to lead to growth in the future. As far as medical waste and waste to energy, primarily we made an acquisition as you know for $150 million in the waste to energy space. We made some smaller acquisitions in the medical waste space. We don’t see any large expenditures for acquisition in either of those areas going forward. Mostly we will be doing Greenfield size on the medical waste side and then we will be winning bids on the waste to energy side and with the waste to energy fees, after you win a bid, you still got three to five years before you are under construction because of permitting and things like that. 
David Steiner: Yes, from the incremental margin point of view we haven’t seen the full effect of it because we are still having negative volumes right. As we start to see volumes turn positive, that’s when you’ll see the full effect of the leverage that you discussed. On the special waste side, the pipeline still looks fairly robust. As you know, we’ve got two consecutive quarters with positive special waste. We would expect that to be positive in the third quarter. It’s going to be difficult to continue to get that 8% to 12% type of growth, but we certainly expect it to be positive in the third quarter.
David Steiner: Yes, Jonathan basically what we are saying that it’s going to be very difficult to get even to the low end of that 2.5% to 3.3% price range because, both the negative effect that we had in the first half of the year, but we are also seeing a little bit more of a headwind in the back of the year from CPI. As you saw CPI spiked in December and then it started to go down culminating in June in a 1.1% CPI. We had expected it to stay above 2% in the first half of year, so that we would get a little bit of tailwind going into the back half of year. So in the first half of the year, we had 70 basis points of headwinds in Q1. We had 90 basis points in Q2, we expect to have a similar sort of 70 to 90 basis point headwind in Q3. It starts to abate in Q4. So given that we aren’t going to get as much from CPI in the back half of the year, we dropped that overall guidance to 2.3% to 2.6% for the back of the year. Obviously when you average those out, you can tell it is going to be difficult to get to that 2.5% target that we set.
David Steiner: Yes, it’s interesting that you mentioned that Jon, I think because as we’ve looked at that from the event in the Gulf, what we found is that we are into a less than half of the revenue that we’re getting is actually coming from collection of disposal. That’s because we went in and said we were going to provide a comprehensive environmental solution, so when we went in, if we had gone in just on collection and disposal, we wouldn’t be getting much revenue out of it because there’s not a lot of waste being generated. But we went in with a lot of different solutions, both for solid waste and for liquid waste and so we saw about $20 million of revenue during the quarter at about sort of company average type margins and we’d expect that to be higher in the third quarter, but as you know with the capping of the well, you know it’s not clear how long that will continue. 
David Steiner: Yes, we have actually seen some very good traction on the medical waste side. We just had a very large hospital chain that we did a pilot for here in Houston and they’ve just added six additional hospitals to add to the number and hopefully at some point in time we’ll continue to add to that. From a leadership point of view, we wanted to make sure that our medical waste offering integrated with our solid waste offering and so we put one of our former market area general managers in charge of that business segment. Other than that, there haven’t been any changes in leadership, but the good news about medical waste is that we talked about it from a growth initiative point of view, the $0.01 to $0.02 that we are spending on growth initiatives, certainly medical waste would be one of those and we’re getting close to be and fully staffed from a sales point of view. Obviously, when you are stepping up that cost to your money. Once you got that full staff in place and they start making sales is when it turns from a negative headwind to a positive tailwind, we’d expect to see that happen in the back half of the year.
David Steiner: Yes and again we got very aggressive on price increases. We knew we had to get aggressive on price increases to overcome the effect of the CPI headwind. And that caused an increase in our churn rate, not a substantial increase, but our churn rate did hit 11% in the quarter.  And so that trade off has always been very positive for us. It continues to be very positive for us and so we did see a slight uptick in churn rate. We are seeing a little bit more of action by competitors around municipal contracts and school contracts and things like that. But overall we see the pricing environment very positively.
David Steiner: Yes, for us it is mostly a reduced service. Again the numbers aren’t real, but I will use it as an example. And that is if we have a municipality that we’d pick up twice $50 per pick up from a cost point of view, that cost us a $100. If can we go into them and say look, we can pick up once instead of twice and we can reduce it by $30 to $40. We make more money, they save some money it’s a win, win situation, so that’s been the approach that we’re primarily taking with our municipal customers.
David Steiner: I think, gambling is illegal United States, Corey. So I am not sure if I can give an over under, but what we did see. As you can imagine, we saw the volumes track up fairly consistently through the quarter. In June, we actually had when you look at the combined price and volume, in June we actually had positive IRG in both the landfill and the collection line of business and so when I look at it Corey, I like to look at it from a total IRG point of view. That’s the first time, we’ve seen positive IRG in probably two years and so when the volumes turn positive, I think it’s probably anyone’s call, but the IRG did positive in June. We hope to see that continue.
David Steiner: Yes, you know it’s a great question it used to be done completely locally and when we moved to a segment in our customer base, we actually put a gentleman by the name of Paul Pistono in charge of municipal contracts, to look at them more from a regional and a national point of view and so again Corey, I don’t think it’s a dramatic change. In other words as far it’s both municipal contracts and school contracts. We’ve seen some increased competition, not enough to identify a trend. So I don’t think that what you are seeing is people reacting to the economy, I think it’s more just a one off and we are seeing that from local competitors as well as regional and national competitors. So I don’t think it’s creating a trend. I think those are just one-off examples and so when we look at the municipal business, we want to make sure that we do look at it now from a more centralized point of view and that we are making smart business decisions. There is always going to be a trade-off, when you are looking at new business versus routine business. Sometime with routine business you can keep current capital in place, so you have a much better return on capital and as you know we are focused on return on capital. But from a bidding point of view, we want to make sure that we are getting all of the services into the RFPs that we are able to offer, so that we can provide a city a comprehensive environmental solution. So we will certainly look at it from a more centralized basis, what you are seeing I think from a competitive point of view are sort of one-off localized decisions.
David Steiner: Yes, it’s a great question Rick and we took our sales force and put it into six separate segments and we’re certainly seeing anecdotal successes there, we talked about the Gulf Coast incident. That’s one where we had specialist that were dedicated just to that, you’ve heard us talk about are stepping in the coal ash and we’ve dedicated a team to that. Medical waste, you’ve heard us talk about the value proposition that we can provide to the customers. And then on our manufacturing and industrial segment, we’ve seen some great successes, we just won the second largest refinery in the United States because we went in and provided a comprehensive environmental solution to them. And so we’re certainly seeing that gain some traction. We haven’t even tried Rick quite frankly to put numbers to it because we are just finishing, we literally just finished moving our sales folks into the proper segments. We’ve begun the training of those folks in those segments, and so we haven’t tried to put a dollar amount to that, quite yet.
David Steiner: Yes I think that’s right Michael. I think you’ve got it. I think you hit the nail right on the head. The one thing to recognize is that the year is playing more like 2007 and 2008 than it is like 2009. So we typically see a working capital benefit coming through cash from ops in the second half of the year as receivables from seasonality that drive up like we saw this year start getting collected. So I do think that’s what we are expecting to see.
David Steiner: Yes, Michael I would look at the cyclical lines of business right. I’d look at the industrial and the C&D. Now we certainly don’t expect C&D to go from negative 13% to positive but that’s going to be offset by special ways in the landfill side. And so when you look it frankly, it comes down to rolloff poles and once we see rolloff poles going positive, that means you are coming out of that cyclical downturn and everything else follow suit.
David Steiner: Well what I am talking about, Michael is the overall collection and overall landfill so you have got basically special ways offsetting the negatives in C&D, so it wasn’t that all the lines went positive. It’s that within the business lines, within landfill, when you combine them and the business lines within collection when you combine them had positive IRG.
David Steiner: Yeah, we certainly think it ends up subtitle D, as you know the current regulations do have a subtitle C, those regulations are in comment period right and from what we understand the overwhelming majority of comments are that it should go into subtitle D landfills and so we are going to add our voice to that and hopefully we will see those final regulations by the end of the year.
David Steiner: Thank you. As you can see, from our second quarter results, the strategy continues to work and we look forward to giving you more on our strategy, as we get out on the road during the rest of the year. Thank you.
Bob Simpson: Scott, when we look at margins, certainly the 10-year Treasury going down is something that is out of our control. So when we look at margins, frankly we normalize for that whether it’s positive or negative. We’ve had times when it’s gone the other way. And we normalize to take that out.
Bob Simpson: In April we invested in a low-income housing tax credit partnership that has a return of about 30%. So, it’s a very good investment for us and it’s one of those investments where there is a little bit of money upfront, but then every further payment you make is actually less than the tax credit you will get. And going forward, this investment will result in a loss of $6 million to $8 million every quarter that will go through other income or loss. So you saw that in this quarter, you will see that going forward. Now the tax credits resulting from this investment will reduce our effective tax rate to 36.7%. So you need to show both sides. You need to pick the $6 million to $8 million loss in other income or loss and then you then you need to show the effective tax rate of at 36.7% and we expect this investment will give us an earnings per share benefit in the future of $0.01 to $0.02 every year.
Bob Simpson: Sure, we just talked about one of them and this the effect on yield of the lower CPI and then secondly as we talked about before, the $0.01 to $0.02 that we are spending on growth initiatives certainly is a headwind. So that pretty much offsets the benefit from recycling. And then you saw in the last couple of the quarters we haven’t been recovering all of our fuel costs with our fuel surcharge. That should continue for the back half of the year. So we’ve got a couple of headwinds that basically offset that recycling gain.
Bob Simpson: It was just a review to the second question. The answer to your first question is yes it does include that and second, the downward revision is just updating from the standpoint of looking at where we are at this point in the year. It’s not a significant change.
Bob Simpson: It really depends on the issue and how far each specific issue is, we do I think a very good job of keeping track of that and adjusting as the defects develop, but I don’t see any specific trend here just yet.
Bob Simpson: This investment will run eight to 10 years, so it is going to go a long time 36/7 will be good for the rest of the year for each quarter for the rest of the year.
Bob Simpson: Some of it is, there in there a little bit, some of the special waste projects we’ve got end up in that particular line. So, that’s mostly what that is.
Bob Simpson: Yes, that’s right. We expect there will be some small benefit from the Chinese venture this year, less than $5 million, but as they started up because some of the investments we are making and then putting in place the infrastructure. Going forward, we expect that they have a much more significant benefit. Since it’s going to take a little longer than to turn significantly positive as we get in and do the startup things we have to do to get that plan up to specs. We hope to get a little bit of benefit from that this year, but it was very small. I think we will probably have just a little bit of a negative there, but again it won’t enough to move the needle.
Bob Simpson: From the figures in that last year, but this year I expect it to be in the normal 40 to 60 ranks or 50 is a good number
Bob Simpson: Let me just get you some more on that we got, I think we are expecting it to be 127, 125 in those two quarters.
Bob Simpson: What I expect Michael is that the percentage that we had last year will carry forward and I think you will see spending come down a bit in the third and the fourth quarter, but I think as a percent of revenue, it will be pretty much the same as last year. That’s just for the investments we are making now. My personal goal is to get it down to 9% in two years out.
Bob Simpson: Actually no, that was - we are actually six months into my three year goal, so that is out but the clock is ticking.
