David P. Steiner: Yes. When you look at the number with respect to the bonus accrual, that was about $0.03 for the quarter. When you look going forward, Hamzah, the $130 million, we have, I can guarantee you, we have locked down to the penny. We know exactly where it came from, and we know exactly how to keep it from coming back, and we're monitoring that every day. We've also put a couple of folks in charge of trying to increase that $130 million. We fully expect that we'll see some dollars from that. We haven't built that into our plans yet, but we fully expect that we'll see more than that $130 million. But the $130 million is locked and loaded for 2013.
David P. Steiner: Yes. When you look at the asset sales, if you can imagine, the asset sales, there's a number of them and they're all in various stages of completion. So we have a couple where we have letters of intent, and we're pushing to get them closed by the end of the year. We have a couple where we're looking at letters of intent. And then, frankly, we have quite a few of the oil and gas properties that we have, that with oil in the $80 range, we did not get offers that we found attractive enough. And as you all know, we don't have to sell those properties, and so we probably will not sell those properties. And so with having those asset sales at all points across the spectrum, from letter of intent to assets that we pulled off the table, we just wanted to make sure that folks realize that we may or may not get to that full run rate by the end of the year. With respect to the capital allocation policy, that hasn't changed. We'd like to add to that mix between dividends and share repurchases. We'd like to add to that mix, making sure that we have stability on our balance sheet from a coverage point of view. But as far as our philosophy goes, that hasn't changed.
David P. Steiner: Yes, that's -- so when we look at it, we're probably running, Jim, $200 million to $300 million above our running 5-year average. Obviously, we were $200 million higher than we were last year. So I would say yes, we are running a little bit above average. But the good news is, is that the reason we're doing that is to invest in that natural gas fleet, which, as we've discussed before, is not only good for us from a new fleet point of view, from a maintenance point of view, but clearly with the differential between natural gas and diesel, it creates some immediate economic benefit.
David P. Steiner: Yes. From the pricing environment point of view, I'd say it's a fairly stable environment. When you look at our churn rate, you don't see the churn rate going up. When you look at the rollbacks, the rollbacks have been very positive. And that all points to a very stable pricing environment. When you look at what drove it in the quarter, as usual, it's core price increases. It went up obviously because rollbacks went down. And that's where the focus is on 2013. When you look at 2013, there's 3 big components that are going to drive our yield: first, the core price increase, the price increase that we put out on the street; second, the rollback percentage; and then third, making sure that we have compliance with all of our fees and surcharges. We've seen that slip a little bit in the last few years. And so we've gotten together with the group leadership and with every one of our 17 AVPs. And I can promise you they've got a laser focus on pricing going into 2013.
David P. Steiner: Yes, with fuel prices coming down, obviously, there wasn't as much raw dollars, but we actually were positive. And remember, at the beginning of the year, we were running a little bit behind on the fuel surcharge, where we were losing a couple of million dollars. This quarter, I think, we made $4 million on the fuel surcharge. So we said it early in the year that we'll start to see it even out as prices come down, and that's exactly what's happened.
David P. Steiner: Yes, exactly. We'll give a lot of detail on that when we do our guidance after the fourth quarter. Obviously, we'll have a lot more visibility into the year as we go through our business plans right now. But when you look at next year, there's 2 things that I would say are going to drive the cash flow. Obviously, the first is our cost programs and pricing, and that should drive an incremental -- a minimum of $200 million straight to the bottom line. And so you'll see cash generation go up nicely. That's assuming that we get no benefit from commodities. Obviously, this year we had a drag from commodities. And then if we get any types of benefits from bonus depreciation or anything like that, it's gravy on top. I would not expect us to see a dramatic change in CapEx next year. We are committed to changing over our fleet to CNG, and so we won't pull down that CapEx dramatically next year. But obviously, if environmental conditions change such that the earnings power isn't there because of changes in the economy, we certainly have the ability to pull that down a good $200 million to $300 million without affecting our business operations at all. So we should see some pretty strong cash flow generation increases next year.
David P. Steiner: No. It's -- I think everybody understands the nature of our business from a transportation point of view and the fuel that we use. And so frankly, what we've seen is a slight uptick in our compliance with the fuel surcharge, and we've put some processes in place out in the field to make sure that we aren't waiving that fuel surcharge. When we talked about the pricing environment, I would say that we've got a very stable pricing environment. What we have seen from some competitors is that they've waived fuel and environmental. And frankly, some of our folks started to do the same in order just to keep up with the competition. What we've told them is we're not going to do that. We're not going to waive fuel and environmental. That's just putting too much risk into our business plan going forward. You can get away with waiving fuel and environmental on Day 1. You can't get away with it for 1 year, 2 years or 3 years or 7 years, the time that we'd like to keep these customers. And so you've got to see increases as you see costs go up from both environmental compliance and the fuel. So we've put processes in place to make sure that we aren't waiving fuel and environmental. And obviously, those will continue into 2013. So we see nothing but increased compliance from that point of view. And we haven't seen a push back from customers really at all.
David P. Steiner: Yes, it is. I mean, look, as you know, anytime you have a labor dispute, there are a lot of different issues. This was primarily economic. I mean, it was a disagreement as to what we thought wage increases should be in this economic environment. It only lasted less than 1 week, so we are able to get that out of the way. And we put some reserves in for some liquidated damages for some of the communities up there to make sure that we take care of our customers. But other than that, it's certainly behind us, and we continue to have very good relationships with our unions throughout the country.
David P. Steiner: We'll obviously -- yes, we'll give a lot more guidance when we give our 2013 guidance. But, yes. I mean, if you take the $800 million to $850 million that we're talking about this year, and you add that incremental $200 million that I'm talking about from cost and yield, it absolutely should be over $1 billion.
David P. Steiner: That's right. It was actually $9 million total, $7 million in SG&A for the quarter, and $20 million in the fourth quarter and $17 million that will come out of SG&A.
David P. Steiner: On a free cash basis, they are currently breakeven. But when we look at it, we look at it from a sort of a portfolio point of view as to when will these investments pay off. In other words, they are already cash neutral. The question is, when do they -- when are we able to monetize those? You might have seen one of our investments had a public offering out this year. They ultimately pulled it. But we would expect to see quite a few of those investments start to go public in the next 2 years.
David P. Steiner: That's right. And look, when we put out our plan, I don't expect us to assume any benefits from commodity prices. Look, we think they're at a trough. We certainly think there's more upside than downside at this point in time, but we're not going to build in a dramatic rebound into 2013. We'll build in -- we'll build in more flat type prices for 2013 and then hope we'd get some benefit.
David P. Steiner: You know, Corey, we hear a lot about the construction activity. And frankly, we're not seeing it dramatically in the volumes yet, but we're certainly starting to hear from our folks out in the field that they see it coming. When I look at the quarter, frankly, the most encouraging thing that I saw in the quarter was that we're starting to see the volumes bounce back in the South and the West. They were the most dramatically affected by the downturn. And you're starting to see them turn positive from negative in a lot of the lines of business. To me, now look, obviously that's because they went down pretty dramatically in the downturn. But seeing those volumes start to pick up in the South and the West, I think, is probably a good sign that we will see some construction pop in 2013.
David P. Steiner: Yes, look, I mean, you all have heard me say it before that disposal pricing is absolutely pivotal to us to sustain all of our pricing programs. And so we need to be more aggressive in 2013. As I've said to many of you, it's hard to be aggressive when you're seeing income from operations going down at your landfills, and that's what we saw between 2009 and early 2012. We've now had 3 straight quarters where we've seen improvements at the landfill side of the business. You saw that our volumes were pretty strong this quarter. So I would expect that in 2013, that will allow us to be more aggressive at the landfill.
David P. Steiner: Yes. Rollbacks -- rollbacks were down about 30% in the quarter, which obviously is a nice improvement. Look, if we could keep rollbacks at their current level as I said, it's the lowest level we've seen since 2005, with the exception of 1 quarter. So we're going to look for improvement next year. I'm not sure that we'll be able to get that 30% improvement, but we're going to target a good 20% to 30% improvement for next year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, the incremental margin on our industrial side of our temporary roll-off business is pretty high, probably in the 35% to 45% range. And when you look at the potential bounce-back, the good news is, I think what we've seen over the last 18 months is that the bounce-back depends on 2 things, right, supply and demand. And what we've seen in the last 18 months, I believe, is that we've basically seen the pickup take up all of the supply. So in other words, in the downturn, you obviously had a lot of the local competitors that were stacking cans in the yard because they had nowhere to put them. What you've seen in the last 18 months is that all of those local competitors have generally used up their cans. They've got their cans and their trucks out on the street. And as you all know, it's pretty difficult right now for a small business to get a big loan from a bank. And so it's hard for them. And given the state of the economy, a lot of them aren't making big investments in new trucks and cans. And so I think what you've seen in the last 18 months is that we've started to eat up that excess supply that was on the market as demands picked up. And so now as demand picks up, I think what you'll see is that the large national companies that have more available assets will start to get more than their fair share. On the downturn, we certainly lost more than our fair share because we wouldn't drop our price to maintain our volume. Those local competitors would do that. And so you should see, if construction bounces back, to me, that would be the most positive thing that could happen to our business because there's the ability to both get volume and price because of the slack in supply that's out there. So obviously, that's something that we all hope for in 2013. But again, we're not going to build that into our plan.
David P. Steiner: Yes, the urban areas have always been more competitive than the rural areas. But as you mentioned, they also have a lot more room for growth. And when I talk about seeing the volumes in the South and the West bouncing back, obviously, that's where a large part of the population is in California and Florida. And so I think you're absolutely right. I think you will see -- I think in the downturn you saw probably a relative outperformance in the rural markets. In an upturn, I think you see an outperformance in the urban markets. As far as the split between urban and rural, I'll let Ed research that and get that number for us.
David P. Steiner: Yes, we've looked, and I will tell you we don't have those numbers at our fingertips. But we've looked at that to see what we think would happen at peak versus trough. We don't have those numbers at our fingertips.
David P. Steiner: Of that, when you look at the ramp-up from $9 million in the third quarter to $20 million in the fourth quarter, you can see it starts to ramp up almost to where it's at that $10 million a month run rate in the fourth quarter. We will hit the ground -- in 2013, we will hit the ground on Day 1 at that $130 million run rate.
David P. Steiner: And thank you, all, for joining us this morning. I know that many of you on the phone are in the region that was affected by Hurricane Sandy. As Jim mentioned, we have a lot of facilities and a lot of employees up in that region also. I just wanted to let you all know that our thoughts and prayers are with you. And as Jim mentioned, we've got a lot of experience dealing with these types of events. And there's one thing I can guarantee you. When it comes to waste management, for those folks that are in the affected areas, you've got the absolute best in the business that are going to help you as you go about cleaning up after the storm. And with that, operator, we'll sign off for this quarter.
James C. Fish: So, Michael, there were 2 components there that -- and first was really a handful of our municipal customers, who effectively made third quarter payments in the fourth quarter because their payments came in on the first and second of October. So that will reverse itself in the fourth quarter. The second component was really a number of our large customers, national account customers and energy services customers, who basically did a better job of managing their DPO than we did of managing our DSO. So I expect that, that will be an area of focus for us. To answer your question, though, about the number, we expect it to come back down by about 2 days. It was up by about 3 days in the third quarter. We expect at least 2 days to come back down at the end of the fourth quarter.
James C. Fish: I might add to that, Corey, just one thing. When you look at our landfill volumes, pretty strong landfill volumes for the quarter, landfill price at 0.6%, and we also had an anniversary of our environmental fee on the landfill side of the business. We've talked a lot about it on the collection side of the business. But we had an anniversary of our environmental fee on the landfill side of the business too, which we've overcome. But as David said, really as pricing at the landfill goes, so goes pricing on the collection side of the business.
James C. Fish: Sure, yes. The biggest drivers, of course, are going to be twofold. One is the absolute price increase. The other is the reduction in rollbacks. And then of course, CPI. When you think about residential, a big chunk of that is CPI-driven. Our expectation for CPI is about 1.5%. It's about right. So we think that residential is still going through a bit of a competitive battle here, but we also see some encouraging signs on the residential side that possibly some of these contracts we've lost in the past due to price, those folks are not having such a good experience there, and we may see them bounce back.
James C. Fish: Alex, one quick addition to that. In some ways, we have replaced some of that lost construction business in some areas of the country with energy services business. So when you look at our volumes, you see that special waste is up pretty significantly while C&D is basically flat. And it's the same equipment for the most part that we're using, so we're just taking equipment that would have otherwise been dedicated to construction business, and redeploying it. And it shows up when you look at landfill volumes and special waste, it shows up when you look at collection volumes with industrial still being fairly strong.
