David Steiner: Yes. Basically, Corey, that's the carryover of our largest national account that we lost last year and then 2 residential franchise contracts that we lost in our Southern group last year. And as you can imagine, all of those contracts were single-digit margins and not revenue that we wanted to keep without significant price increases. So that was business that we pretty much intentionally shed. 
David Steiner: Well, Corey, when we looked at it, we look at the specific lines of business. When you look at the commercial and industrial line, they were actually improved from the fourth quarter. On the commercial line, we were down 3.5% in the fourth quarter, we were only down 2.8% in the first. On industrial, we were down 0.9% the fourth quarter. We're only down 0.5% in the first quarter. And that's -- really, that's what you've got going on in our business. What we're trying to say, both in the scripts and in the press release, is that we're seeing improving volumes in our most profitable lines of business. We are seeing declining volumes in our less profitable lines of business like recycling and residential. But even in residential, you can see it getting a little bit better year-over-year by 40 basis points. And it only went backwards 20 basis points from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. 
David Steiner: Yes, no. I wouldn't say it's getting more competitive. I think residential has always been a very competitive line of business. What -- those are big contracts, big slugs of revenue and generally, you've got a lot of different bidders. So there's always been aggressive players on the residential side. Frankly, I would say that we're seeing a little bit of more stability on the residential side as folks that have taken those low margin contracts from us over the last few years start to realize they can't make a lot of money on them. 
David Steiner: Yes. That was about $0.02 in the quarter. But from our perspective, you get lower fuel because you get the recovery from the fuel surcharge. But we also have some oil and gas assets that we maintain. And so when you look at the overall effect, it was about flat. 
David Steiner: No. I don't think that we'll see a significant change in CPI. But when we look at our pricing programs, we try to look at them holistically. And if CPI is lower, then we just have to get those dollars from somewhere else. And so if we get a bump from CPI, that would be great. But if we don't get that bump, we're just going to have to pull those dollars from somewhere else and that's what we've been doing the last few years and that's what we'll do this year. 
David Steiner: Yes. We've got a nice contract that actually begins in the second half of the year. It's not going to be -- it's not going to move the needle significantly. But it's a nice contract, a few million dollars. But we're having continuing discussions with all of the various utilities. And I'd expect that to be a nice volume stream for the next -- gosh, for the next 5 to 10 years. 
David Steiner: And when we look at that business from a philosophical point of view, look, we completely understand that sort of like the residential business, there's some stiff competition there. But particularly, where we can get that front end small container work that we can tuck right into our operations and create that route density, that's really the kind of work that we want to pick up. The compactor work, like the Walmart business, is generally lower margin and it doesn't really help us from a route density point of view. And so our focus will be on that small container business. But we're obviously going to remain competitive in national accounts and we expect to continue to be the biggest player. 
David Steiner: Yes. No, that's exactly right. So when we look at 2015, there's really 2 pieces to it. There's what I'd call sort of our normal recurring stock buyback. We generate a lot of free cash flow, a good portion of that goes back to our shareholders through the dividend and traditionally, the remainder goes back to our shareholders through a share repurchase and some of it goes into small tuck-in acquisitions. In 2015, we're getting back to that. And so what we're talking about doing in the second quarter, I would characterize as part of our sort of normal, recurring, returning of cash to our shareholders. On the redeployment of the Wheelabrator proceeds, as we talk to sellers, it's sort of interesting. You've got, really, 2 things happening. You've got expectations of price multiples, which are probably a little higher than we expected. But then you've also got some timing events, right? You've got private sellers that might have family or estate issues and then you got private equity sellers that might have funds that they want hold for a number of years that have sort of a liquidation time frame on them. And so what we're battling is price expectations and timing expectations. My guess is that by midyear, we will know whether we can meet both timing and price expectations. If we can't do that, then we'll buy back stock. Now that doesn't mean that we're not going to ultimately talk with those sellers and buy their business. If they have timing expectations that don't mature for 1 year or 18 months, we'll be talking to them in 1 year or 18 months and we'll buy them as part of our normal acquisition process. And so in the middle of the year, by sort of the end of the second quarter, we would expect to be in a position where we're going to make a call where we say we will either buy those businesses with the proceeds or we'll buy back stock with the proceeds. And if we don't buy those businesses with the proceeds, you'll probably see us continue to look to buy them over the next couple years as their timing gets better. 
David Steiner: Yes. So let's sort of look at those profitable components that we talked about before. On industrial, we actually saw volumes turn positive in April. They were only negative 0.5% in the quarter. And we actually saw them turn positive in April. So I would expect that we would see positive volumes from the industrial side going forward. The landfill side has always been positive volume. But we would expect to see that get better as we get to the seasonal upturn. We had a little bit of a weather effect in the first quarter. So we'd expect to see those volumes improve. On the commercial side, again, we're 200 basis points better than we were in the first quarter of last year. We're 70 basis points better than we were in the fourth quarter. We would expect that sort of rate of improvement to continue. Such that by the end of the year, I would expect that we'll be closer to flat on the commercial side. So if you look at commercial being closer to flat, industrial and landfill being positive, I think that could lead to positive volumes by the end of the year in those 3 lines of business. Now the headwinds you have are basically national accounts and the residential line of business. Those will be slight drags, but again, those are low-margin drags, so we're willing to live with those. So when we look at the core solid waste business, the negative 1.2% that we had in the first quarter, we completely believe that by the end of the year, those will be flat to positive such that our guidance for the year of negative 0.5% to flat volumes is still valid. 
David Steiner: No, you're adding in price. When you look at it from a total revenue point view, you've got to add the price in as well as the volume component. 
David Steiner: No, I mean, look, we see -- what I would tell you is that we're much more confident now that we're going to get the dollars that we expect to get from our pricing program. We continue to see good improvement on the cost side, both on the SG&A and on the operating cost side. And then I'd say that we're probably a little more optimistic than we were at the beginning of the year from a volume perspective. Again, that's why this is a -- it's an interesting quarter for us. When we first look at the quarter and saw the revenue decline, we said, "Wow, what's going on?" When we look behind it, we say we see some really good trends in our profitable lines of business. We can't help the fact that we lose $70 million of revenue on the recycling side because of commodity prices, but when we look at our very profitable commercial, industrial landfill line, we see some really positive trends there. So and that was -- all those positive trends occurred even though we had got some negative weather in the first quarter. So I would say that we're fairly bullish on the volume side. We're extremely confident on the price side. And we think we'll get a little bit more out of our cost programs than we expected at the beginning of the year. 
David Steiner: Yes. Well, the price, actually -- I'm not sure if the price has bottomed or not. It's as low as it's ever been. But we haven't seen any indication of a bottom. And so you've got some fairly tough comps in the second and third quarter, gets a little bit better in the fourth quarter. And then you've got the volume decline right? The 8% volume decline, we don't expect to see that improve throughout the course of the year. And so it's basically -- it's mostly driven by commodity pricing. And I would tell you that we're being a little bit conservative on that because we just don't see any catalyst out there that's going to drive the commodity prices up significantly. 
David Steiner: Yes, when you [indiscernible] March -- for the quarter, it was down 14% but for the month, it was down 24%. So we're basically extrapolating that low price across the rest of the year. 
David Steiner: Jim, I would add that those 2 issues are absolutely related because some of the mix issues that are caused as cities and counties want to divert more waste add to contamination level in some of those commodities. And many of our older contracts don't allow us to charge. That's what we're changing. We're going in, some of them in mid-contract and having some success, most of them though, we'll wait until the contract ends until we can change the terms and allow us to get paid for their mix issue or their contamination issue. 
David Steiner: Yes. Well, look, there's 2 pieces to it. There's fixing the mix and contract issue. And then it's fixing operations, right? I mean, we still have some opportunities to consolidate plants, to drive out from operating costs and we think we can make some more headway there. Like Jim said, if it weren't for the headway that we made in the first quarter, it would have been -- if you look just at the price component, it was a $0.05 problem. We still think we've got some operating cost that we can pull out. We're going to have to consolidate some plants and rationalize some assets. And I think that's what customers need to realize is that we're not the only ones rationalizing assets. The industry is rationalizing assets. And unless we can work out a way where recycling is profitable over the long term, there's not going to be recycling. And customers certainly don't want to live with that. So we just need to make sure that the customers understand that if they want glass recycled, we need to get paid for it. We actually lose -- or we lost in the quarter $6 million by recycling glass. That's -- long term, that cannot be sustainable for Waste Management. So we need to work with the customers to get them to understand the mix issues, to understand the commodity market so that we can make a long-term, viable business out of recycling. 
David Steiner: Yes, exactly. Most of these contracts are long-term contracts. And look, it's a long-term contract. We sign the contract, we will live up to the contract. But what they need to realize is, we'll live up to that contract but we're not going to be there when the contract ends and nobody's going to be there when the contract ends. So if they want us to maintain the facilities that we have in those markets, we're going to have to get some relief from these contracts or we're going to just have to shut the plants. And so I would hope the customers would say, "Let's take a long-term view at it rather than a short-term view." But as you know, as we generate $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion of free cash flow there's not a lot of sympathy for our losses in recycling. 
David Steiner: Yes, exactly. Well, obviously, that gives us more opportunity to buy back more stock. And so you're exactly right. I mean, what we're looking at, when we look at the Wheelabrator proceeds, are looking at -- we sort of look at it the exact same way. We say we want another 3 Deffenbaughs, right? And those are -- there's not a lot of Deffenbaughs in the country. And once you find that type of business, you've got to overcome 2 hurdles. One, are they ready to sell? And two, what do they want -- what the price that they want to sell? And I would tell you that at the beginning of the year, we were pretty encouraged by what we saw on both of those fronts. As we've got into deeper discussions with sellers, we found out that some of them had bigger timing issues than we thought and some of them have higher pricing expectations than we thought. And so look, that doesn't mean that we ultimately won't buy those businesses. But it might mean that it's going to take us longer to buy those businesses. And if that's the case, then we do need to be out in the market buying back our stock because look, as I've said, that's the business we know the best. We're never going to pay a multiple higher than our own multiple because there's one business we know real well and that's ours. And so I would guess that in the back half of the year, we will be in the market more than just to cover dilution. But if we can get to the point where we can get some of the sellers to -- that we can meet their timing and their pricing expectations, we would obviously much prefer to buy good core solid waste businesses at reasonable prices. 
David Steiner: Well, it was mentioned earlier. You've got the coal ash coming. But you've also got a huge amount of construction being done along the chemical corridors, right? From Houston to Beaumont and up to Baton Rouge and up through Pennsylvania where you've got very low natural gas prices, you've got some huge projects being built. We expect to get good volumes out of that. And then when you look at the residential and commercial construction, those numbers look fairly strong. So we think that the economy's going to be finally a little bit of a help to us on that side. Now remember, we also have a lot of those hauls in our energy services. We really haven't seen a dramatic drop on the energy services side. And so we've got well-positioned in still some good shale plays there. So we see pretty positive trends throughout the various sectors that drive industrial hauls for us. 
David Steiner: Michael, when we look at the commercial line of business, I'll give you a few reasons why we're optimistic. First is you're right, the weights continued through the first quarter. We saw improvement there. We saw service increases exceed service decreases. So there's some good news there. But frankly, the best news that I've seen on the commercial line of business, we just went through reviews with our 17 market areas. And 12 of our 17 market areas had net positive new business in the first quarter. The other good part of that news is that over 2/3 of that new business was greenfield projects, new businesses that are created, not stealing share from somebody else. And so I think what you're seeing is a better secular trend. And what you're seeing is that we're taking advantage of that better secular trend. 
David Steiner: Yes. The revenue per pull is nicely improving. On the number of pulls, frankly, I don't have the actual number of pulls. I know what the percentage increase was. But you saw a 10.9% volume in the landfill. And so I would assume that equates to a pretty healthy increase in the number of pulls. 
David Steiner: Yes, look, I think that's exactly right, Michael. I mean, look, we're not going to call a dramatic turn. But I do think that we -- for the first time in 2 years, we're willing to say that there is a good secular trend going on that we see continuing. 
David Steiner: Thank you. Well, obviously, we at Waste Management had a very good quarter. But when we look beyond Waste Management and look at the overall industry, as we said with Michael, we see improving industry fundamentals with the pricing environment stable and the volume environment improving. So we look forward to capitalizing on those improving industry fundamentals and continuing to gain momentum throughout 2015 and into 2016. And with that, we'll see you next quarter. Thank you. 
James Trevathan: Especially Dave, when you look at the capital that's necessary to fund those new contracts, people are starting to look at it a little more diligently than we think in the past. 
James Trevathan: Jim, what I would just add to that is that we are also winning new contracts. We have won some business, some additional business from current customers as well as some additional businesses that you'll see in future quarters. But that roll forward, in fact, from some of those large losses like Walmart will continue for, at least, first half of the year. 
James Trevathan: I think it was down slightly in terms of revenue pulls which pretty much is -- correlates to the volume number that we talked about. But it was down slightly and part of that, as David mentioned earlier in the call, Michael was in energy services. I mean, there's -- you're down 50% in rigs. Fortunately, we were able to replace some of that revenue. So we're not down as much as the rig count, of course. But it did affect the hauling side of the business. 
James Trevathan: Michael, that's all intercompany volume based. The intercompany volume's down, third-party volumes are up. That's the difference. 
James Fish: Corey, just to give you a sense of -- you asked about the volume in Q4 versus Q1 and you also asked about kind of the difference between 1.2%, which is our traditional solid waste volume loss and 3%. To answer the second one first, the difference between the 1.2% and 3%, 0.8% of that is commodities, 0.2% is renewable energy and then you got another 0.2% which is oil and gas. So and then you got 0.6%, which is national accounts. That 0.6% is $21 million and $18 million of that is Walmart. So to go from the 1.2% to the 3%, it's largely commodities, national accounts and energy services or oil and gas. When you go from Q4 to -- negative 0.8% on volume to that negative 3%, it doesn't look dramatically different. In fact, collection's actually up. As David mentioned, collection was up 0.2%. But then you've got energy services that was down 0.5% of that delta; you have renewable energy that was down 0.4%; you have oil and gas that was down 4%; and recycling down 0.4%. And the other one that is -- the changes from Q4 to Q1 is the landfills were down a bit versus Q4 and the reason for that is, really, special waste was a little softer than we thought, probably largely because the weather in Q1 was quite different than the weather in Q4. 
James Fish: [indiscernible] the impact of EBITs, income from operations was negative $11 million year-over-year, Alex. 
James Fish: So I'll take that and then maybe, Jim, you can add to that. Yes. So for the quarter -- and we expect that -- well, the Walmart, that will anniversary in May, so we won't see that headwind if you want to call it that, it's a headwind on the revenue, not line -- it's not a headwind on the bottom line. But that will anniversary in May. We did lose some other contracts and some of them, we were intentional, some of them were not intentional. We lost some due to aggressive pricing and it's a competitive marketplace for sure. 
James Fish: Joe, when you think about how that volume that you talk about translates to top-line revenue, the way we looked at the quarter was -- when we looked at collection, disposal and transfer, the revenue was up fairly decently at about $25 million and keep in mind, that's almost all organic. We really didn't have a lot in the way of acquisitions for the last 12 months. So up $25 million. The second factor, of course, was, as we've talked a lot about this morning, the negative revenue impact of recycle commodity prices and recycle volumes,  and that was a negative $70 million. So and then of course, the third factor, David just mentioned, fuel surcharge, FX and we've talked about the lower -- the lost Walmart contract and some of the lost national accounts business. But overall, the volume numbers that we -- the improvement that we're seeing in some of those volume numbers on the core side is translating to top line revenue. We weren't displeased with the $25 million in those 3 core businesses. 
James Fish: FX is not included in that $25 million. So I've broken it into a couple of different buckets, which was our core solid waste, collection, disposal, transfer, those, price and volume, excluding divestitures, was up $25 million in revenue. And then the second factor was a negative $70 million in recycling. And the third factor was $36 million negative in fuel surcharge, $25 million negative in FX, and $21 million negative in national accounts. 
James Fish: Joe, I think what you're probably thinking is why can't you just straight line the $0.02 and come to $0.08 and the reason is that commodity prices dropped throughout the quarter. So we're looking at kind of straight lining from the commodity price in March, which was the lowest of the 3 months. 
James Fish: Yes. So Al, a couple of things. First of all, on the contracts and the mix issue. Each of these contracts has an expectation as to mix of commodities. And when that mix changes, we have to address that with the customer. So for example, we've talked quite a bit about glass over the last couple of quarters. Glass is heavy, so the customers may like it. We don't like it as much. It's only the commodity that we don't get paid for on the back and we actually have to pay to get rid of it. And so as glass goes up, as an example, then we have to address that with the customer, if there are limitations, mix limitations within our contract. Similarly, if there are contamination level restrictions. So for example, if a community has a restriction of 10% contamination levels and when we go through an audit find that there are 20%, then we have to recover some of that. So part of what we're doing through our recycling team is really taking a tough stance on holding customers to contracts on contamination levels and material mix. 
James Fish: Al, I wouldn't characterize the progress as slim. I think what's happened is, it's been overshadowed by the real dramatic falling commodity prices. Look, commodity prices were basically kind of -- our average bucket of commodity prices was in the $100 range for the last 2 years, last 2.5 years, $98 finished the year in 2014 and all of a sudden, it's gone from $98 to $82 and we processed between 6 million to 7 million tons a year. That's a big price decline to absorb. So we've made some good progress on controlling cost and on kind of holding customers to contract. But man, with such a dramatic commodity price decline, it was hard to overcome it. 
James Fish: I think it's kind of the tale of kind of 2 parts of the country. Western Canada is, particularly Alberta, suffering a bit from the energy price decline. Eastern Canada seems to be reasonably strong, similar to kind of Northeast U.S. cities. 
James Fish: So couple things running through working capital worth mentioning here. First of all, our -- you may recall that in -- for our bonus payouts, our annual incentive comp payout that would've paid out in March of 2014, we accelerated a piece of that into December of '13. So it was a 2013 year annual incentive comp. But a portion of it was paid out in 2013. We did not do that this year. So we knew we were going to have a working capital negative headwind in March of this year. And that amounted to about $65 million. Most of that was that acceleration, a piece of it was just a higher payout from year '14 versus year '13. That was -- totaled about $65 million as a headwind. We also had about $21 million in nonrecurring -- mostly nonrecurring cash payout for the 2014 restructuring. We've got about $12 million left. And that will spread out over the next 3 quarters. But we had $21 million in Q1 that is, for the most part, nonrecurring and that's a payout of our 2014 restructuring. And then in addition to that, we had -- in 2014, we had a benefit, a $36 million benefit from the settlement of a forward-starting swap that didn't repeat of course this year. So you think about year-over-year, the negatives were those, the positive was EBITDA was up. And then the other positives were that we continue to make headway on managing working capital on DSO and DPO, particularly DPO, was up 2.1 days, DSO up 0.6 days. So we're starting to narrow the gap pretty significantly there from a couple years ago. 
James Fish: Well, I think working capital is certainly a drag in Q1. There will be some positives coming up as we look at the remainder of the year. So for example, the San Jacinto settlement of last year. That won't repeat. And so that will be a tailwind for us on working capital. And as I mentioned, we shouldn't have those -- that cash impact from the restructuring starts to taper off pretty dramatically in Q2. So as those -- and of course, the bonus headwinds from the incentive comp payouts, acceleration of that, that doesn't occur either. 
James Fish: We've said that -- we kind of gave a number of 8.3% to 9%. I think we gave that last year. First quarter's historically slow. We were -- the number I had was 7.7% of revenue in the first quarter. And -- but if I look at Q1 of '14, it was 7.8%. If I look at Q1 of '13, it was 7.9%. So not way out of the range with those 2 years' first quarters. We expected 2015, actually, is going to be in that $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion range, which is a bit of a headwind for us in terms of free cash flow because last year, we only spent $1.150 billion. So we're going to spend somewhere $50 million and $150 million more in CapEx and clearly, on a percent of revenue, without the Wheelabrator assets, that will be a higher percentage of revenue. So I think 2015, not only is it going to be higher in absolute dollars, it's going to be higher as a percent of revenue. 
James Fish: Yes. So if I think of us as being in kind of that 2.78 leverage ratio range, yes, I would expect that to increase slightly as we acquire some businesses to replace Wheelabrator going forward. 
James Fish: Yes, it's -- well, we're paying all 3 quarters. We kind of make a double payment in 2 and 4. So you'll start to see it in Q2 and it will carry through the rest of the year. 
James Fish: Yes. I mean, none of that $210 million, Michael, showed up because we didn't make any federal tax payments in Q1. 
Scott Levine: So I just want to focus on, I think, Jim, you mentioned a 60 basis point volume headwind from national accounts and Walmart. To be clear, is that all associated with contract changes within the past 12 months or were there any additional changes this quarter? And then maybe a little bit more elaboration on your thoughts on that business in general going forward. 
Scott Levine: Got it. And just to be clear, and strictly for modeling purposes, was Walmart half of that 60 basis point volume impact or less than that? Or is it -- just to make sure we model the volumes right for the rest of the year. 
Scott Levine: Little more than half, got it. And then as my follow-up. I think you mentioned in plans to repurchase stock to offset dilution, share dilution in the second quarter. Just kind of are you still holding off on, call it, the larger repurchase activity as you assess M&A prospects and maybe a little bit more elaboration on your thoughts on the acquisition landscape. 
Michael Hoffman: Well, okay. So what I was really trying to get at too is, and you alluded to this to one other question, if I remember correctly, pretty much the whole industry assumed going into this year that residential construction would hold about 1 million starts. Some of us were looking for it to be better. But so far, the data set would suggest that maybe that trend is better, one. And two, the nonresidential construction x oil and gas and energy, broadly, if you will, power and oil and gas, which had been positives in the '14, all of the other components, commercial, lodging, office and what have you, actually, just struck a bottom in '14 and it started to turn a corner. Are you seeing that corner turn? In both... 
Michael Hoffman: Okay, that's very helpful. And then, 2 housekeeping questions just because I'm a little confused. On Page 6 of your 8-K, you have a nice table... 
Michael Hoffman: Right, sorry. But you have these great tables you've given and you talk about landfill volume up. But the tons number you have in the document, actually, has it down versus 1 year ago. You were 21.3 a year ago and you're 20.9. So I'm trying to reconcile the script and the data that's in the document. 
Michael Hoffman: Perfect. That's great. And then as I think about the fuel -- I mean I had a -- more cost saves than I did revs in 1Q but I would assume that, that gap narrows through the rest of the year and it's less of -- it's more just a net offset each other as I work through the year. That's a timing distance difference of -- the surcharge comes back slower than the savings hit. 
