David P. Steiner: Yes, Scott, it's interesting when you look at 2012, and you're right, we mentioned both municipal and commercial, and the commercial business has always been highly competitive. It always will be highly competitive. And so you sort of see swings up and down. Would I expect 2012 to be a year where we get great price increases like we got in 2011? Yes, we're going to put those price increases out on the street. The issue that we had in 2011 I expect to continue through 2012 is rollbacks on the commercial side of business. And so from a competitive point of view, what you're seeing is more and more pressure requiring rollbacks and then you're also seeing a lot of companies that are offering new business without fees and surcharges. And so that's been the case forever. I'm sure it will be the case forever, and that's just what we have to deal with. We've got to do a better job of making sure that we don't roll back those price increases, because we'll continue to be aggressive, but we're just rolling them back too much. And then on the municipal side, you are seeing a little bit different pricing environment. It certainly -- those are big contracts, and so it's certainly become more aggressive. You've got municipalities that are facing budget shortfalls, so they've become more aggressive. And so when I look at 2012, the reason we will be, like you say, sort of flat to 2011 is that we've got to do a better job of the price rollbacks, and we're going to see deterioration in the municipal contracts not just because it's competitive but as you know, we've got that situation in South Florida with our Broward plant that all-in is going to have, as I recall, around a $20 million effect in 2012.
David P. Steiner: I think when you look at the Wheelabrator impact, it more -- it feels more heavily with specific contract situations where we went from a fixed price arrangement to market price or a change in the tipping fees. Whereas there is some sensitivity, obviously to electricity prices, we're already at a very low level for electricity prices. As you know, those are tied to natural gas. So we actually would expect to see less downside volatility on the electricity prices. And hopefully none of us are expecting upside, we're not projecting that, but we're expecting that really pretty much to be flat this year. So it's both a smaller item. It's a lesser driver of the impact that we saw in Wheelabrator this year and we think that they are at relatively sustainable low levels right now.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I think the $15 to $20 equates more sort of like to the 10% to 15% range on the commodity side. We do expect to see continuing growth in volumes. Some of those acquisitions will layer in positively in 2012 as well.
David P. Steiner: I think we should see similar growth rates but we also did a few acquisitions in the fourth quarter, so you should see more volumes. Now the interesting thing about those acquisitions is that the first probably 3 to 6 months, you don't get a lot of earnings out of those deals. And so we'll see higher volumes throughout 2012. Obviously, we'll see the earnings impact in the back half of the year from the new plant.
David P. Steiner: Yes. It's interesting you asked that, Michael, because it's always one of the areas that I look each quarter. And surprisingly to me this quarter, we saw container weights across the company actually positive, and we saw them positive throughout each of the 4 geographic groups save one small area in the south. So seeing the container weights come back certainly is good news. But like we said, we've been saying now for a couple of years, we don't want to call a volume turn until we see sort of those core volumes, like you say commercial volumes in MSW turned. Right now a lot of our good volume numbers are being driven by special waste. And as you know, those can be cyclical as far as being event work. And so until we see that commercial business turn positive and we see the MSW turn positive, we don't want to call a turn in volumes, but it certainly was an encouraging sign to see container weights up in the quarter.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I think we'll continue see strong volumes in special waste. As you know, the visibility on that is probably sort of the 3- to 6-month time frame, so it is hard to say anything long-term. But the jobs that we see coming into the first quarter, particularly because we've had good weather so far for most of the first quarter, the special waste continues to be strong.
David P. Steiner: Yes, Michael, if the economy stays the way it is right now, first off, obviously, we have to drive additional cash generation. And that's why we're investing in our cost programs, right? We're also got to continue to get good yield and that's going to drive cash generation. But then we've also got some fairly large numbers on CapEx. It will be at $1.4 billion again this year. And that's driven by the investment in fleet which, as you know, we underinvested in fleet with the regulatory changes for engines in 2007 and 2009, so we've got a little bit of catch-up to do there. And then we've got investments that we need to make in the growth areas, particularly recycling and other diversion assets. And so while we're doing that, the CapEx is a little bit higher. Now we're not going to build out recycling assets forever. At some point in time, we're going to be done. We're not going to be -- there may be some new other types of diversions that we invest in the future, but we'll worry about those in the future. And so the 3 things that drive it are getting our cost programs in our yield to drive more cash generation and then ultimately having a lower CapEx after we've built up our fleet and spend the money for the diversion assets we need to spend.
David P. Steiner: Well, we were roughly $1.3 billion last year. We're saying $1.4 billion this year. I certainly would expect that type of run rate, sort of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for the next 2 years.
David P. Steiner: No. If goes back to $100 million, we'd cut that impact in half. So we think the impact will be about $100 million rather than the $200 million.
David P. Steiner: Frankly, Michael, if we get that additional $100 million in cash, we will likely invest it into the fleet to the last question to get there a little bit faster. And for us, investing in the fleet right now is a great thing because we can buy C&G trucks which, as you know, have a great return, great payback and obviously, are better for our customers.
David P. Steiner: Boy, Michael, you're going to talk to us about engines? I'm not going to -- I don't want to comment on any particular company's technology. Obviously, we're working with all of our vendors to make sure that we can get not only a more environmentally friendly truck, but a more efficient truck from a weight point of view, from a productivity point of view.
David P. Steiner: Yes. Vance, I'm glad you mentioned that because as you all know, landfill pricing has sort of been my quest for the last 3 years. And we actually just recently brought in -- actually, we will bring in Monday, so we haven't brought in, will bring in Monday a new gentlemen to run our pricing department, and it's going to be one of the first things that I sit down with him to discuss is how do we get more traction at the landfill? In the fourth quarter, when you look at it from a per unit basis, our MSW was up about 3.2% in yield. I think everybody's heard me say over the last few years that with the huge amount of capital that we have to put into landfills, we've got to get better pricing. And so I don't want to put a number around it quite yet because our new pricing director doesn't start until Monday, but you can bet that's going to be one of the first things that I sit down and talk with him about.
David P. Steiner: Yes, yes, yes. Bagster, we continue to see good growth in bags. I mean, obviously, this is the seasonal downturn for that because folks aren't doing a lot of home improvement projects during the winter months. But it's right on course where we wanted to be and it's a great product addition. I will tell you the other initiatives, the primary one they will look at is healthcare services and that's not going as fast as we'd like it to go, but I think 2012 is going to be a year where we really start to see the offering gain some traction, and we're certainly going to be very aggressive in going out and attracting that healthcare business.
David P. Steiner: Yes. Yes, we actually lifted the yield gate last year and had yield as part of our overall compensation program. And this year, we've actually moved yield out of our compensation program. So we're going to get it through good old-fashioned elbow grease.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I think we're going to see commodity prices for the first half of the year continue. So you're right, we see the impact in Q1 more clearly because we're in the middle of it and we feel it's easier to estimate. We're hoping that we'll see that curve increase seasonally as we get into the year. If you look at the curve last year, prices kind of peaked in March and sort of stayed up at that level and kind of went up and down for a while. And we're expecting a more traditional increase in prices this year. So we think it's going to continue be a headwind. We just think it's going to compress a little bit relative to the curve last year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, when you look at acquisitions for 2012, as Steve said, we're looking sort of $150 million to $250 million in tuck-in acquisitions, recycling assets. That's sort of our typical run rate. We've said before that if we see opportunities, whether it's investment or acquisitions, that we always have the ability to manage our ability to do that through share repurchases, but we don't see any big acquisitions in the pipeline. Obviously there are a few, Veolia being the big one that folks are talking about. I think if there's one thing that our shareholders know about us is that we're going to be disciplined buyers. And I wouldn't see any reason to buy any solid waste company at a higher multiple than where we trade, because there's one company I know we can buy at a good multiple and that's our own. And so if we do get involved in any acquisitions, they will not be at numbers that would be above our own trading multiple.
David P. Steiner: It's a great point, because obviously, that has an effect on not so much on yield, but on overall profitability. And like I said before, we're seeing the rollbacks increase. We saw the churn rate increase a little bit. It was about 10.9% in the quarter, but it's been running slightly above 10% for the year. And so it is another effect that we have going into 2012 from a yield perspective, if you want to look at it that way. But the churn rate is slightly up, but nothing that will deter us from continuing our focus on yield management.
David P. Steiner: For us, it's not the composition of the recycling; it's what you do with the composition of the recycling, right? And so where we've been focused for the last year is when you get 5 returns in, they can be in a lot of different classes. They can range from very low price classes to very high price classes. And so where we've been focused is to sort of, if you will, tweak those recycling assets to move the lower-priced tons into higher-priced tons, right? And that has a marginal impact. I would tell you that in my mind, the mix issue in 2012 won't have a substantial impact. The big impact is going to be driven by volumes and commodity prices. And when you look at that, so you look at volumes year-to-year, they should get better from our new acquisitions but those new acquisitions take about 6 months of start-up mode before they turn profitable. And so you're not getting a lot of first half benefit from the new volumes. You start to get that benefit in the back half of the year both from volume and from price.
David P. Steiner: No. I think we peaked in the first quarter on the headwinds. It's sort of flat in the second quarter and then it turns better in the third quarter. So it certainly peaks in the first quarter. It's about the same in the second quarter, but obviously, as I mentioned, you've got the seasonal uptick in volumes, which makes up for some of that. And then the headwinds are very slight in the third quarter and then they actually turn slightly positive in the fourth quarter.
David P. Steiner: Now, from a -- just from an overall -- the 2 big headwinds are recycling and our waste-to-energy operations. And there's a number of issues that go in that. Obviously, commodity price is the biggest, new recycling, and then there's a number of factors in waste-to-energy. And so each of those factors turn either turn positive or they anniversary. For example, on our waste-to-energy plants where we have that South Florida contract, that anniversaries in August. And so they either become flat in the back half of the year or they turn positive. What we look at on commodity pricing is that they're going to continue to be a little bit below last year in the third quarter, but then they actually turn above last year in the fourth quarter. So again, you got a lot of headwinds in the first quarter, about the same a lot of headwinds in the second quarter, just a slight amount of headwinds in the third quarter and then flat to positive in the fourth quarter. And then combine that with the positive effects of yield in the back half of the year, obviously the uptick in volumes in the back half of the year and the uptick in yield in the back half of the year, and that's where you get the earnings growth in the back half of the year.
David P. Steiner: So you might see a small restructuring charge in the first half of the year, obviously that we normally exclude from earnings, but it won't be a significant amount of money.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I mean, first on 50% debt to cap, when you talk about stability, there's obviously a lot of positives to that stability even through the economic downturn, we continue to generate that $1.2 billion-plus of free cash. And so that's why we're very comfortable having a little higher debt balances than maybe some other companies that you look at. But as far as the EBITDA goes, it comes back to what I talked about earlier, which is we've absolutely got to drive EBITDA through continued focus on our cost programs and managing yield. And then as volumes start to improve, we've got a very high fixed cost base. So as the volumes start to improve, obviously, you've got great incremental margins at the landfill and you've got very good incremental margins on the collection line of business. So we've got to -- we want to see that growth, it's why I keep talking about the commercial line of business and the MSW volumes at the landfill, because those are 2 of our highest margin, highest contribution lines of business. And as you see the volumes start to improve there, that's when you start to see the leverage of this business take off.
David P. Steiner: Well thank you, all. We certainly think that we had a very solid fourth quarter and finished off a very good 2011. We look forward to continued growth in 2012 and we look forward to seeing all of you all as we travel on the road during the year, so thank you.
Steven Preston: Yes, that's right. When you look at Oakleaf throughout the year, there are 2 really primary pieces to that improvement. First of all, it's the consolidation of the operations for our national accounts. And that is happening really beginning in the first quarter coming in ratably through the year. The other piece really is important to the whole strategy that integration, which is making sure that we work with our vendors to optimize this relationships longer-term, both in terms of having a solid network in place and in terms of the financial benefit we get with those. So our teams are out there right night now negotiating arrangements which will begin ticking in really now through the second quarter going into the third quarter as we begin to drive more volumes to our disposal facilities and broaden our relationships with those vendors.
Steven Preston: If there is a potential positive of $100 million over and above the guidance we gave, if the 100% bonus depreciation passes.
Steven Preston: Those are really incorporated in the guidance that we gave. So we talked about benefits being the back half of the year and really negligible in the front half of the year. First quarter, we could see some pressure from that, but that's all integrated in there. And actually as we begin taking some of those costs, we already begin recognizing some of the other benefits of the transaction. So we'll probably have a little bit of pressure from it in the first quarter and that will probably go away in the second quarter by the time we get to the back half when we get to seeing net-net bottom line benefits.
