David Steiner: Look, we always say it every year in the first quarter that the first quarter generally isn’t very indicative of how the year turns out because you haven’t seen seasonality kick in and so we saw some great statistics on both yield and volume in the quarter but we’re certainly not ready to declare victory for the year until we see how the second quarter plays out. We’ve got a lot of things that we’re doing in the second quarter from a yield perspective. We need to see how that plays out. Generally our rollbacks are lower in the first quarter than they are in the second quarter so we need to make sure that we continue to manage those down. And so we saw some good numbers. I wouldn’t call them great but we’ll wait and see how the second quarter plays out before we make a call on the full year.Adam Thalhimer – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
David Steiner: I don’t think, Michael, that we’re seeing any particular share gain. The only place where we may be seeing some share gain is at the landfill where, as you know, we’ve used our Oakleaf acquisition to bring in those vendors haulers into our landfill. And so obviously that volume’s got to come from somewhere. And so we saw some, as you saw, we saw some good volumes at the landfill. On the collection side, look, you all know that the game we’re playing is not a market share game. The game we’re playing is a yield game and so I don’t think we gained any market share and I wouldn’t expect to see us gain any market share during the course of the year.
David Steiner: That’s a great question. Look, we’re going to take it everywhere we can with the fuel differential that we have, we’re going to take it everywhere we can, and basically what that comes down to is where do you have the massive trucks where you can have a fueling station. And so early on in the game, we’re building our own fueling stations where we have enough trucks. I would expect as you see CNG become more and more popular for over the road vehicles that there’ll be an infrastructure built out for CNG. So I would think, Michael, that over time we’re going to be able to convert the whole fleet. But over the next five years it’ll probably go at about 1,000 trucks a year. Right now we are at about 12.5% on the fleet. And so we’re going to — 90% to 95% of the trucks we’re going to buy every year are going to be CNG and we’re going to have to find a way to get to those areas that are more rural, sort of the one and two and three-truck operations to make sure that we can move them to CNG but I would tell you, Michael, that I think we can get to 90% of the fleet in the next few years.
David Steiner: Yeah, the delta is 1.2. You’ve got two extra work days where you are not taking in landfill volumes, you’re not sending off roll-off trucks so I can’t tell you the specifics of how our accounting department computes that but it’s basically the effect of having two days where you’re not sending trucks out on the road and you’re not taking in landfill volumes or transfer volumes.
David Steiner: And importantly, Al, the point is that — the good news is that when we did the reorganization and we talk about $130 million in savings, about 90% of that is SG&A, so a little bit over $100 million in SG&A. So cash-wise, we’re going to save that $100 million to $130 million of SG&A but we give it away on the accrual side for compensation. So from a cash point of view, we put those dollars in the bank. From an earnings point of view, it stays flat.
David Steiner: Look, Al, the simple point is that when you look at our full year you’ve got yields that we expect to continue to maintain at that 1% to 1.5% level, and we’ve talked about the pricing programs. We don’t expect to lose a significant amount of volume from the pricing programs, yield is the primary driver of margin; well, it has been for us for a number of years. On the cost side, we’ll continue to manage those SG&A costs. You should see the volumes uptick in the second and third quarter with seasonality, and then finally we had 70 basis points of headwind from recycling in the quarter, and you see that abate in the back half of the year. So I’m not sure what kind of math you’re doing, but my math tells me that we’re going to have a pretty good second half of the year.
David Steiner: Well, look, we just bought Greenstar, and it takes you some time to get those costs out. And so that’s another — that’s going to be another positive for recycling in the back half of the year; you’re going to be able to consolidate the facilities and lower the SG&A at Greenstar, which is going to be another benefit for the back half of the year.
David Steiner: Yeah, exactly. About 90% of the volumes coming into our landfill are under contract, and so 10% are spot, and so you’ve hit the nail right on the head. We generally on the commercial side, we generally have sort of standard three-year type contracts. On the landfill side, it’s a lot different. Those contracts can range anywhere from short term to one year to long periods of time. And so generally we’re going to have to wait for those contracts to come up before we can manage the price. But we’d expect to see as far as the percentage that comes up under contract, I think the average life of the contract is three to four years, so we’d expect to see 25% to 33% of the volume affected each year.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. That’s helpful. I’ll leave it at that. Thanks.
David Steiner: Yeah. When we developed the plans for the year we looked at it from a core pricing point of view, not from the new fees. So the new fees just recently went in. We’ll know at the end of the second quarter how they’ve been received by the market, but no, we did not have that built into the plan at the beginning of the year. We looked at it as the way that we’re going to guarantee that we hit the plan, right? I mean nothing ever goes like you plan during the year, and so from my point of view on the yield side if we can overshoot the target, it gives us a better chance of hitting our goals.
David Steiner: Yeah. Not so much soften, but maybe not strengthen as much as we expected. But what you’re seeing right now is a little bit of unsettled nature in the commodity markets, both domestically and internationally. And so basically right now the pricing is pretty much playing out as we expected it for the year, but you do have some unsettled nature in the Chinese markets and in the domestic markets that make me worried that there’s more downside risk than upside benefit, right? And so right now we’re right where we thought we would be, but I would just say there’s a little more downside risk than upside benefit at this point in time.
David Steiner: Yeah. Absolutely. When we look at our capital allocation plan, I don’t think our capital allocation plan has ever changed since I’ve been here. Basically what we’ve said is that we’re going to continue to return cash to our shareholders through the dividend, and we would expect to continue to increase that over time. We’re then going to take excess cash and use it for share buyback and paying down debt or acquisitions as they become available. So you’ve got obviously the dividend is sacrosanct and we don’t expect that to ever go away. In fact, we expect to continue to increase it over the years as we continue to increase free cash flow. And so you’ve got these three other components of acquisitions, of debt pay down and share repurchases, and in the past one has been more important than the other. And at times it’s been acquisitions, at times it’s been share repurchases. Right now I would say that we have our focus a little bit more on paying down debt, and then if we have excess cash we would then move more toward buying back shares. What I’d like to see us do is generate enough cash to where we can pay down a little bit of debt, and then we’ve talked about doing the free cash is $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion without divestitures. And if we can generate some cash from divestitures, I would love to be able to at least buy back enough stock to offset dilution for the year.
David Steiner: Now by the way, we do have $500 million of authorization for share repurchase during the year, but again, we certainly don’t expect to exercise that till later in the year. Again, as we see how the cash flow plays out; I talked about it from Jim and Jim’s perspective on CapEx. I would say the same thing about share buybacks. Once we see how the year’s going to play out and if we can put some divestiture cash on the table then we’ll start looking at trying to offset that dilution.
David Steiner: Yes. It is in addition to the environmental fee. I mean it’s basically a different — it’s basically a different animal from the environmental fee. The environmental fee has to do with maintaining our landfills and maintaining the environmental compliance with our landfills. This has to do with the very high regulatory fees and taxes that we pay to manage our landfill, our disposal network. And as far as the commercial question goes, we are able to put that in through contracts and obviously there are some contracts like national accounts and some things like that, that we can’t but our standard commercial contract, yes, we can put that in and we’re in the process of doing so.
David Steiner: Clearly the amount of focus that we put on it is dramatically different than last year’s as well as the dollar amount, the gross dollar amounts are much different. On the commercial line of business, we’ve walked a number of you all through what we call the pricing waterfall because on our commercial line of business we can’t price increase all the customers. Some customers are in franchise markets where they go by CPI and so when you look at what we’ve done on the commercial line of business from a price increase point of view, the actual number is about 8%. And so you’re pushing 8% price on the commercial customers that you’re allowed to push price on that’s a pretty aggressive number and frankly it’s a number that we need to be even more aggressive with. And so, I think the focus is that certainly changed, the gross dollar amount has changed. But I would tell you, maybe the biggest change from over the last few years is that we have so much better data on how it’s working and so much better training on how we can manage the roll backs. And so we’ve gone through every aspect of our pricing program, and again, it’s a tribute to our folks out in the field, and to our sales and pricing department. They’ve basically shored up every piece of the pricing department. Look, I’ve been here 10 years. We know how to do price increases. What we’ve gotten better at is doing surgical price increases, and keeping those price increases. So I expect to see that continue to improve over the next couple of years.
David Steiner: Yeah, we had about $30 million of sales in this quarter. I will tell you, Hamzah, that we talked about the bad debt in Puerto Rico, that certainly has an effect on whether we can sell those operations or not. And then, the other non-core assets in the oil and gas arena, you’ve seen a little bit of volatility in oil prices, and so I would say from the beginning of the year, I still expect that we’ll sell some of that, but we’re not going to put that into the bank. And so, I would say that we might be a little less optimistic on the sales proceeds that we’ll get from non-core divestitures, but again, we’re going to hit that $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion in free cash, and so those dollars for us are just excess dollars that we can apply to returning to our shareholders.
David Steiner: Yeah, I mean, clearly the growth in waste-to-energy is going to be overseas. I would say that as far as our Chinese operations, we’re certainly the leading American company in China, maybe the leading non-Chinese company in China. And there is absolutely no doubt that we are the leading American company in Europe and in Great Britain where the bulk of the growth is occurring. So I will tell you, our waste-to-energy folks have done a phenomenal job of developing relationships and winning bids overseas. Domestically, you’ve got a little bit of growth but you don’t have nearly the kind of growth domestically that you’re going to have overseas. So basically, I think you’re exactly right. What you see domestically is that it’s a play on natural gas and electricity prices and then the growth will come from overseas.
David Steiner: Yeah, we’re early enough in the process that I couldn’t give you an exact percentage of how many of them are underwater. And about 50% to 55% of those customers are actually under contract so it’s a little bit harder to move them. And so the BIP process I snot going to be an event. It’s going to be a journey. But I can guarantee you that our recycling team is focused on it. They made some good progress in the first quarter and I’d expect that momentum to build over the next few quarters.
David Steiner: Sure. The C&D market actually in the first quarter was very good for us. We don’t expect that to slow down. In fact you saw some still saw some winter weather in the first quarter and the first few weeks in April, so we’d expect to see that continue to be strong throughout the year. With respect to glass, the issue that you have with glass is that it more than any other commodity it hurts your equipment, right? As you process the glass it puts a lot of wear and tear on the equipment. So there is no — we look at a uniform processing cost for materials that go into our recycling plants, but there really is no uniform cost for recycling materials, because different materials are handled different ways, whether they’re in dual-stream or single-stream plants. And the glass would be by far the most cost intensive to process at our facilitates. They create the most wear and tear, and it’s just harder to process. On top of that, there aren’t very many markets for the glass, so in many cases we actually have to pay to find a market for the glass. So that drives a significant amount of the lack of profitability in our recycling operations. What’s going on with our recycling team right now is they are basically doing a clean look at recycling and saying in a low-commodity environment, when do we need to do? It’s pretty simple to say that we need to go back and manage rebates. That’s easy. But what else can we do to change the dynamics in the recycling industry so that we can get the return on capital on a more steady basis and not go through the volatilities of commodity pricing? And one of those factors is finding a solution for glass, whether it’s having a surcharge for glass, or finding better outlets for glass, we need to do something to make sure that we’re recovering that money. What we’re looking at right now is a glass surcharge, so that for folks who want to maintain glass as part of their recycling program, and most municipalities do, we’re going to have to charge — we’re not going to charge a flat processing fee for the glass. We should charge a higher processing fee because of the wear and tear on the equipment. So that’s basically what’s going on. But with the recycling team, they have started to doing a soup to that review how do we not only improve profitability in a low commodity priced environment but how do we also try to reduce some of the volatility that we see.
David Steiner: The percentage of glass, I’d be guessing but it’s probably 30%, when it look at it by weight, for us it is the second largest commodity we have by weight after fiber.
David Steiner: I guess, it’s somewhat dependent on the side of the sale but we’re certainly equipped to handle the hauling services, probably our biggest play is in Marcellus up in Pennsylvania and we handle quite a bit of hauling there of solids, also of waters as well. So, we’re part of the differentiation for us has being able to provide a full perfect solution which includes hauling, disposal, industrial services and similar smaller items.
David Steiner: Well, it does differ by size but still hard to break it down. And some of these sites are seeing rig movements for example, Marcellus is seeing a lot of rigs moving over next door to Utica and across the United States over the Bakken. So, in places like Eagle Ford we’re not doing as much hauling because we don’t have hauling operations in close proximity so most of our revenue in the Eagle Ford comes from handling of solids into our landfills. But in places where we have hauling operations in close proximity to a drill site, we’re doing a lot of hauling of solids.
David Steiner: Thank you. On a final note, we have a proud member of our family that we want to recognize. Ricky Glover is a highly respected driver in our South Carolina operations. He’s been providing excellent and safe service to our customers for 15 years. Ricky’s daughter is Candice Glover, one of the final four contestants on American Idol. Candice has come out on top of thousands of contestants to reach the final four. And recently she performed a song that other judges on American Idol called the best performance in the history of the show. So, on behalf of Waste Management’s 44,000 boys I want to say go Candice. And we all want to wish her the best of luck tonight as she continues her quest to be the next American Idol.
Jim Fish: Yeah, I would say largely because of two things: Greenstar where we added about $25 million in revenue and $24 million in costs and we’re well on the way of pulling some of that — trimming some of that cost out. So that was a big driver of it.
Jim Fish: I think, Michael, we knew this was a headwind coming. We’ve talked a lot about it. We saw the headwind in the first quarter on the working capital side. we’ve got some work to do as we’ve talked about in prior quarters on managing things like DSO so that will help us out and DPO as well, but certainly we knew that we were going to have that big working capital headwind in the first quarter and I think we did a decent job of overcoming it.
Jim Fish: Yes. So what we said in February was that we would be flat year-over-year in absolute spend and an improvement of 10 basis points. We’re still on track to do that. And keep in mind, there’s a fair amount of headwind that we’re — compensation-related headwind that we’re kind of fighting against there in order to remain flat but we still are confident that we’ll hit our targets.
Jim Fish: Yeah. I guess I would say on the operating cost side, and we talked it a little bit last quarter, that we knew we had some things to work on. We have been working on them and shown some real progress specifically on things like maintenance cost where we’d been seeing some pretty big year-over-year negatives. We’ve started to turn that corner. Keep in mind that operating expenses, while they were up $43 million, we talked a bit about Greenstar and Greenstar added kind of a disproportionate amount of that with $25 million in additional revenue and $24 million in additional OpEx. And right now we’re in the process of paring that back, so I think the operating expense story, while we still note there’s work to be done, is improving.
Jim Fish: Yeah. One last point there, Al, and that is that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, but we did have about $22 million in really unexpected expenses. I mentioned the true-up accrual related to the 2010 to 2012 long-term incentive comp plan. It really wasn’t assumable at the beginning of — or at the end of the year, so we ended up taking it in 2013, but it’s really related to 2012. And of course we weren’t expecting the bad debt hit that we took with Puerto Rico. We expect to recover that, so there’s some cost there that really we regard as not recurring.
Jim Fish: I think you kind of hit it on the head there. There was a working capital component to that. Aside from that, I wouldn’t say there’s anything unusual there. I think we’re pleased with the capital expense management that we’ve been working on and that has provided a benefit. So I would say there’s not anything usually surprising there to us.
Jim Fish: Yeah, I mentioned a couple of them, Bill, but one that I didn’t mention was recycling. Obviously spending money on Greenstar has provided some of the growth in recycling so we expect we won’t spend the type of capital that we had originally anticipated or that we spent last year on recycling. Landfill capital, we’re taking a very close look at landfill capital and I mentioned asset rationalization and a part of that process is looking at where we have landfill capital spend that we don’t necessarily need to spend. And then landfill gas to energy is an area that we have trimmed back so there’s several. As I mentioned, there’s probably more areas that we’re trimming than holding off.
Jim Fish: I guess you could. you can do any number of things with them and we’ve looked at whether we should keep them open, whether we should ask for expansions once they come to the end of their current sell lives. So there’s a couple of different options. We have actually at several landfills even reduced service pretty dramatically, which is kind of a lesser form of asset rationalization. So there’s a couple of different options.
Jim Fish: Domestically also there’s a bit of growth from things like metals recovery and special waste as well, which we think is a nice market for us.
Jim Trevathan: Michael, this is Jim Trevathan. We’ve executed the onboard computers in roughly 90% of our fleet. That’s the first part of the process. You’ve heard Dave in the past and all of us say there are three parts of that. First is putting the technology in the truck. The second part is a standard process and then the third part is just execution from a management accountability perspective and we have rolled out that process to 4 of our 17 areas. We’ve touched in the last few weeks a couple of more areas. We’re very early in that process, Michael, of rolling that out. It will be over a two-, three-year period that we get the value but you’ll see it over time each month and each quarter as we execute the service delivery optimization.
Jim Trevathan: I think that’s exactly right, Michael. I think we’re in a couple of innings of the game, although we’re far along with the direction of the process, the execution is what is in the early stages.
Jim Trevathan: Yeah, we’ve seen that business continues to grow. The energy business is a nice growth business for us. We’ve seen an uptick year-over-year of — we’re still in the probably 40% growth range year-over-year. And we would expect to continue to grow that business not only in the existing shale plays that we’re in but in some of the other shale plays that we’re not.
