David Steiner: Yeah, I think that’s basically – Hamzah I mean as we mentioned we got the highest new business pricing that we’ve ever seen in the roll-off line of business. When you think about it, if you look at the roll-off line of business, as a 20% call or 20% margin business every time you get a new can, 20% of it drops to the bottom line, every time you get 1% price, a 100% drops to the bottom line. So you have to get 5% volume in order to make up for 1% price. What we saw in this quarter was basically you saw the quarter-to-quarter change in yield was 1.3%. In order for that to equate to a fair trade-off we have to get 7% volume. You can’t do that in this business. And so we went around and talked to our folks out in the field and they said look we can go get roll-off volume if you want us to. But what we’re going to do is we’re going to mess up the market at a lower price and we’re going to get low margins on it. We would much rather go out at higher price, offer good quality for what we’re doing. And get that higher price roll-up volume, and as you can see that trade-off worked very well with 100 basis points of margin expansion.
David Steiner: Yeah, I mean there are two sort of two pieces to the recycling business. There is the commercial recycling that as this closes we can get sort of the spot recycling if you will. And on those types of transactions we can change the price today and we got folks and teams out in the field just doing that. In other cases we have long term contracts with municipalities and other folks and we need to get through those contracts we need to understand what our rights under those contracts and We need to go and talk the customers. So it’s there are pieces of it that we can do quickly, there are pieces of it that take time. I would say frankly Hamzah overall it’s going to take little bit of time. But what we’ve told our field operations is we don’t have luxury of time right now. I mean we are losing money in our recycling operations, in most of our recycling operations we’ve got to turn that around. We’ve got to turn around now.
David Steiner: Actually it was up in the quarter from prior quarters. Last time we saw yield that high was Q1 of ‘12 on the MSW line. But look, we talked about it very vocally that we need to get that sort of 5% to 7% increase of the land fill. That is like the recycling business in that you got lot of long term contracts. You have to work through those issues. And we’re absolutely working through those issues. We will not back down on our 5% to 7% price increase.
David Steiner: Bill, when we had actually intended to close that, we had an agreement to close that for quite a while. When we gave our full year guidance we actually expected to close that at the beginning of the year, not in the middle of the year. So it is baked into our guidance but it will be a great acquisition for us. Lucien Remillard built a spectacular business up there and we are looking forward to leveraging the great company that he built.
David Steiner: Well, you know frankly this is sort of a minnow swallowing the whale, we have a fairly small presence from a collection point of view in the Montreal market area. RCI had a much bigger presence. So we are going to keep the RCI brand in Montreal.
David Steiner: Yeah, you know, the regulatory cost recovery fee we did not, we did not get a full quarter benefit out of it in this quarter because we implemented it sort of in mid quarter. But we will also have you know, some head wins coming in the back half of the year from CPI, from the reset contracts in Florida. All in all I will call it sort of a wash. We said in the beginning of the year that we would be at sort of 1 to 1.5 % yield for the first half of the year we were at 1.7%. I now expect that for the full year we would probably be at that 1.5% to 2 % type of range. You know, there are a couple of factors that come into the second half of the year that lead me to not try to say we are going to see dramatic acceleration but I can promise you from a total dollars to the bottom line we haven’t taken our foot off the pedal.
David Steiner: Yeah, I mean look the opportunity is tremendous, when I talked about it especially at 20 to 30% price decrease when you waive fees and surcharges. On a commercial line of business we are about 85% compliant, on the roll off line of business we are only about 55%, because basically what you have got, the roll off line of business, you know, it is a little bit baffling to me in the low margin line of business you see folks out there waiving fees and surcharges on the roll off line of business. So it is very competitive in the roll off line of business our compliance is about it, 55%, so you know just take 20% to 30% price roll back and add it back into that and you can see the dramatic effect that has on earnings.
David Steiner: Well, you know, I think it is, I think that one is sort of across the board, I think there is obviously a lot of competition in the roll off line, it’s very low barrier to entry. But I would say that it is sort of across the board. Generally what you have seen is that the smaller players sometimes don’t even have the fees and surcharges, the larger players generally are the ones that will roll it back.
David Steiner: No, I don’t think there is any doubt. You know I mean look, we can’t particularly speak for the industry. We can only speak for what we do and I can promise you that there is absolutely no doubt there has been increased discipline with our folks as far as rolling back prices and look it’s a tribute to our sales folks and to our training folks who you know this doesn’t happen just by putting an edict out that we are not going to rollback prices. There is lot of training that goes into it, lot of preparation goes into, there is lot of work by our customer service reps that go into it and they have done a phenomenal job turning it frankly that fast.
David Steiner: Yeah, generally rollbacks do pick up a little bit in the back half of the year but we are doing a nice job of holding the line and I wouldn’t expect to see it materially change. It could pick up a little bit but I wouldn’t expect to see it materially change.
David Steiner: Yeah we will run that calculation for you and check it and get the number to you.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, yeah that will be helpful. And then…
David Steiner: It was basically one and the same.Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, that’s all from me. Thanks.
David Steiner: Yeah I don’t think there is any doubt that we’re seeing improvements in the commercial line of business. Again it’s not dramatic but it’s consistent and so we saw waste up frankly across all of our collection lines in the quarter, obviously was a very wet quarter so that added some to the waste. But the other thing that is very encouraging to me is what we mentioned about service increases and service decreases for the second quarter in row we’ve seen service increases outpace service decreases which tells you that, yeah there was some wet weather in the second quarter but we are seeing the customers start move up to larger containers. So again like we said in the past we’re not going to declare victory it’s certainly a long slog for us to get there but in the commercial line of business we actually are seeing some very good sign.
David Steiner: Well look I am encourage that we saw the EBITDA margins turned positive this quarter. Look I will tell you Jim talked about the flat SG&A guidance for the rest of the year. Jim Fish and Jim Trevathan have done a phenomenal job on holding the line on SG&A cost. So I don’t expect to see SG&A cost to go up materially this year or next year frankly. And so we got to drive operating costs out of the system. We’re starting to get a little bit of traction on that. And I think what we saw was look the biggest leverage is always going to come from yield in this business and I think you saw start to get some traction back in that in the quarter. So all we need is for the economy to continue to improve so that we don’t the dramatic volume drop as we saw in 2009. And I think you’ve begun to see the leverage in the operating model I think you should see that accelerate in the next 18 months.
David Steiner: It’s a great point. Every penny we improve in recycling drags straight through the bottom line and there is lot of room for improvement there right now.
David Steiner: You know Michael we are waiting for 2014 to give the guidance but look I said all along this is a business that should generate $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion the free cash flow come hell and high water. You know look we didn’t do that last year, that’s not going to happen again. The other thing that I can say that Jim and Jim have been phenomenal at is the capital discipline and we are going to manage the capital such that we make this at least to $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion free cash flow company every year come hell or high water I wouldn’t expect that to change next year.
David Steiner: All right Michael, you snuck 2014 guidance out of us but I will give it to you. We are going to do at least 1.1 to 1.2 in 2014.
David Steiner: Yeah I mean it depends on the customer, right? So we have got plenty of commercial recycling customers that are just like our regular commercial customers where we can change the price immediately and then we got other customers that are municipal customers where the contracts are going to be more to three to five year type traditional municipal contracts. And so what we have done is we have asked every one of our operations to get their top contracts. Let’s start with those, let’s go with the dollars first and let’s go to our biggest contracts in every one of our market areas and start going to those customers and you know most of those contracts are going to allow us in some manner to either pass on increased price lower rebates or high processing cost and so let’s go after the big ones and let’s make sure that we go out and talk with those customers to cover our increased cost. And then on the other side the non-contracted customers like our commercial customers we run a couple of pilots to look at what we can do from a pricing point of view there and we are going to spread those across the country. Look, from a commercial recycling customer point of view it’s going to be a lot of places where they are going to have a decision to make. They are either going to have to pay us more to recycle or they are going to have to move back away from recycling and just use disposal can and so we got to do that. It’s certainly not something that we relish doing but you know we need to have the customers to make the decision on what they want us to do from a recycling the materials point of view.
David Steiner: Absolutely they’re going to continue to recycle and we look forward to help them recycle.Adam Thalhimer – BB&T Capital Markets: All right. And one more question I hate to ask. Because I know you’re not focused for analyst trying to plug numbers into model I mean more of your thoughts on volume growth in the back-half.
David Steiner: Yeah, obviously no one knows of the future holds. But beginning of the year we said we were going to have positive volumes obviously in the second quarter. What you saw in the second quarter was recycling driving the both of the – I don’t know if we got the number yet. But we saw recycling driving the bulk of the decrease in volumes and the only other line of business where we saw negative volumes on the roll off side where volumes were negative 1.2%. Now about half of that was the anniversary of the large national account that we brought up. So it’s not like you’re seeing volumes follow up the face of the earth and sort of like that. But we didn’t expect the volume decline in recycling. And we don’t expect to see our roll off line bounce back to where we’re getting usual cost of volumes because we’re not just going to change the margin of business. So for the back half of the year I think we’re looking at volumes similar to what we saw in the second quarter. But look basically what you saw in the second quarter is our volumes went down 0.5% and our price went up 0.5%. And if I can get our price 0.5% and our volume down 0.5% I’ll take that trade off six days to Sunday.Adam Thalhimer – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Great color. Thank you.
David Steiner: Yeah with the change in premiers in China you saw, early this year you saw basically a declaration by them across all sort of type of environmental initiatives. And so even though the regulations been on the books they finally just passed I mean not just passed they just mandated that they’re going to enforce those regulations. Basically in February this year.Jeffery Osborne – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Understand. And then on the M&A side just what you’re seeing out there in terms of either tuck ins or potentially getting the oil and gas which I think you talked about at the Waste Expo conference.
David Steiner: Yeah. We just closed as we mentioned our RCI deal in Montreal that was obviously a fairly a large deal for us. Other than that we’re just looking at sort of our typical smaller tuck in acquisition. On the oil and gas side we closed the small acquisition there. We’re constantly looking for further acquisitions. But that’s been a fairly pricing market. So I don’t anticipate that we’ll spend a lot of money there. At this point in time I’d say we’re through the largest acquisition that we had in the pipeline. RCI was basically the final one of those. And now we’ll back to sort of our typical $100 million to $200 million of tuck in acquisition.Jeffery Osborne – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Very good. Thank you very much.
David Steiner: Yeah, we didn’t specifically comment it. But what we got in Montreal is that we have fairly small collection operation. And so we’re basically tuck in operation into RCI. So far that’s gone very well. RCI had some very high quality management there. So they’ve done a great job of tucking our operations into theirs.
David Steiner: Yeah, I mean Montreal was a very fairly unique market for us. In that we had a lot of disposal capacity. But very little in the way of collection operations. We tried build up those collection operations over time but frankly they got some, they have one spectacular company there in RCI that made a difficult for us to get into the collection business and so we had a landfill that pre-recession was actually find because there was an excess of tonnage in the market and our landfill is fine. After the recession frankly there wasn’t enough a tonnage in the landfill in the market to fill all the landfill and so we had a choice to make. We could either get deeper into the collection business to help feed our landfill network or we were going to see volumes deteriorate at our landfill and we were going to be at the mercy of other collection companies. And so it was a perfect tuck in acquisition for us it’s a great market we’ve been looking at it for a long time – I’ve said earlier ran a great business and we look forward to continuing this success.
David Steiner: No, thank you all for joining us in the quarter and I know Jim and Jim will be out on the road in New York next week. So look forward to seeing you out on the road.
James Fish: About 35 million was a combination of the one-time Wheelabrator advance maintenance events and recycle.
James Fish: Yeah, you know, one thing, Bill that we have talked a bit about in previous quarters was maintenance cost. Actually in our traditional on our core business, maintenance costs have improved by 11 basis points, so while it’s not where we want to be, we are starting to move in the right direction.
James Fish: Well I would say that we are still on track to hit our guidance of 1.3 to 1.4. Typically we see an acceleration of capital spending in the second half of the year. So it may look like if you straight line it you are going to get 1.3 to 1.4 range. We will more than likely see an acceleration in the second half as we always do and end up right within the range.
James Fish: Yeah we saw C&D volumes up in the quarters I recall around 4.5% that side, yes 4.5%. So across the land fill we’re seeing actually very good volumes. We saw volumes up nicely on the MSW side, C&D were both up. And so if you look it comes back to what I said in the script. If you are going to add volumes let’s add them in the right line of business and if you’re going to be aggressive on the pricing must be aggressive on pricing in those low margin lines of business where the only way you are going to drive look it takes a long time to drive cost out of this system. And so you are never going to get margin expansion if all you are going to do is drive cost. And so in those low margin lines we absolutely have to raise price. And like I said the five to one trade off in a 20% line of business is well worth it, when you think about residential line of business call it 10 to 15% margin. If there was 10% margin customer you can gain 1% volume and 1% price and lose 10% of your volume and still be equal. By the way price comes without any capital investment. So this is, Michael this is not any different than what we did from 2004 through 2008. It’s what I said – script I think we got the message to the field a little bit mixed the last couple of years and we got them unfocused on price and cost. We got it back. You saw some progress in it this quarter. We still got a long way to go. But I think you are going to see it accelerate throughout 2013 and 2014.
James Fish: One quick point Michael on operating expenses as David talked about I mentioned that a big slog of that operating expense was related to I think when you think about the leverage going forward if we can’t squeeze that operating cost out that’s related to this quality control from China and we plan to pass it through to our customers. And that in itself helps us to reduce operating expenses as a percent of revenue.
James Fish: Yeah I just want to make sure because 2012 to 2013 there is going to be a dramatic improvement in free cash flow.
James Fish: Due to the lower recycling volumes I wouldn’t say any of its due to the lower recycling volumes. It’s really due to two things, if I say there is several things in play but certainly the restructuring has had a big impact and we’ve kind of gone over and above the restructuring by taking out a chunk of none labor SG&A as well throughout the year. So those are the two big components of our SG&A and we’ve talked about not only holding flat from 2012 to 2013 but looking to hold flat from 2013 to 2014 in absolute dollars.
James Fish: Well so Q3 has ad we talked about this a bit earlier but Q3 and Q4 have a bit of headwind with respect to compensation accruals year-over-year. So while we’re up for the first two quarters of the year we expect we’ll have a little bit of headwinds and that’s why I think where we’re comfortable saying that we’ll be flat year-over-year.
James Fish: It was operating cost at our recycling operations. We remember that had a 90 basis points effect on margin. So it was purely solid when it comes to recycling basically the breakdown you had is it the both of the problem with pricing and was pricing commodity pricings down 12.5% for the quarter. Next was operating cost, operating costs are up because we have to get lower residue and then you have the volume and the integration of the acquisitions pieces a little bit small pieces in there too. So look at the two bigger things are price and operating costs. And those are two things that we can affect and recycling you can affect from price by going and looking at rebate you can affect operating costs by driving the inefficiencies out of the system. So that’s where we’re focused on recycling. When we talked about margin expansion we are 20 basis points of EBITDA margin obviously that would have been back over 100 if we’ve gotten just flat in recycling. Once we get to the point where we are positive from the recycling operations that’s when you really see the leverage there.
James Fish: We expect to be pretty much flat for the rest of the year you had to make your run up and we’re expecting it sort of flat for the rest of the year.
Michael Hoffman – Wunderlich Securities: Yeah like I mean it’s like in your front end water business are you seeing container rates starting to rise? Because I wouldn’t think you would push this pricing forever if you didn’t think the macro volume environment was gradually improving as well.
Michael Hoffman – Wunderlich Securities: Okay. So my last documentation on this, it sounds like if I take the bonus accruals for this year plus the headwinds from bonus depreciation but net it against the success you are having on G&A, pricing and operating leverage, you should be able to produce flat year-over-year free cash flow maybe even a teeny bit of growth given those two cash headwinds.
Michael Hoffman – Wunderlich Securities: Yeah flat so in ‘14 you should do 1.1 to 1.2 again even with those headwinds given the leverage from your price and your cost controls.
