John Morris: Thanks, Jim. And good morning. We're pleased with our second quarter results, particularly our ongoing optimization of operating costs. Our teams remain intently focused on delivering safe and reliable service to our customers, and I want to thank them for their dedication, especially those in areas impacted by Hurricane Beryl in early July. Second quarter operating expenses is a percentage of revenue improved by 130 basis points year-over-year to 60.9%. This improvement is a testament to our disciplined management of operating costs and our collection lines of business. Combining our strong operating expense performance with disciplined pricing, we significantly enhanced overall operating EBITDA margins. In the second quarter, operating EBITDA in our collection and disposal business grew by $203 million, with margin expanding to 37.3%. Our continued adoption of technology and automation was a key driver of these significant operating cost improvements. Specifically, in labor, the use of scheduling and planning tools, advanced mapping technology, expansion of our dynamic routing capabilities, and automation of our residential fleet resulted in improved efficiency across all three of our collection lines of business for the second consecutive quarter. In residential, efficiency improved by nearly 6% in Q2, largely due to fleet automation. Our automated routes achieved over 30% efficiency improvement, contributing to a significant increase in residential operating EBITDA margin when compared to last year. Additionally, our people-first focus led to reduced driver turnover, which improved 300 basis points from a year ago. Company-wide, the integration of technology and improved driver retention contributed to a 90 basis point reduction in labor costs as a percentage of revenue. We remain confident in the value of our technology and optimization efforts, and we expect to continue driving labor cost improvements throughout the year. Turning other operating costs, repair and maintenance spending as a percentage of revenue improved by 20 basis points, reflecting our continued adoption of technology-enabled processes and an improving truck delivery schedule. Lower fuel costs also contributed 20 basis point improvement to operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. We remain committed to optimizing our cost structure to meet both operational and financial objectives, and we're proud of the results we have achieved so far. And finally, turning to revenue growth, our customer lifetime value model continued to drive organic revenue growth from price in line with our full year expectations. Our pricing results relative to plan remain on track, reflecting our team's focus on using customer-specific data and insights to deliver price increases that keep pace with inflation and margin expansion objectives. Churn remains at 9%, and service increases continue to outpace decreases, further reinforcing our execution. On the volume front, trends in commercial collection, MSW, and special waste remain strong in the quarter and are generally aligned with expectations. As are C&D landfill volumes when adjusted for the lapping of volumes related to Hurricane Ian cleanup last year. However, volume in our roll-off line of business is one area where we continue to see a bit of softness. Similar to last quarter, we continue to see moderation in both a temporary business driven by home building, as well as a portion of our permanent roll-off business in the industrial segment. While a few segments of our collection volume are trending a bit behind our full year expectations, our discipline revenue management combined with our strong execution on cost optimization continue to give us ample confidence that we are positioned to deliver strong financial performance throughout the rest of the year. In closing, I want to thank the entire WM team again for their contributions. Their performance so far in 2024 sets us up for continued success. I'll now turn the call over to Devina to discuss our second quarter financial results in further detail.
John Morris: Yeah, Tyler, it's John. Good question. I mean, if you look at what we did in Q2, it was about $77 million of revenue that was acquired. The $750 that we put, that we've all talked about, represents about $300 million of acquired revenue by the end of the year. So, hopefully that clarifies a little bit. And then, what Devina and I talked about is there is some benefit we've talked about in the back half of the year, that $25-ish million that will be a contribution from some of the M&A we've referenced.
John Morris: I think, you know, we talked earlier about C&D is actually positive net of the lapping of the, and the volume's continued to be strong. If you're talking about the yield spread clearly there's a little difference in our yield outlook for landfill volume this quarter versus last quarter. But that's really, that was really distinctive and showed up in one of our areas that took on a good chunk of volume, great business, but an average lower rate. And that has more to do with the geography of where the volume came in from. So we see, in terms of our overall landfill volume, they're still positive. We still see decent trends on the landfill volume side. And if you look at it from a core price standpoint, which is really what we were focused on. If you look at both the landfill and the transfer station core price, you don't see any deviation there. So we're continuing to drive value in terms of the quality of revenue we're bringing into our post collection facilities.
John Morris: And the last thing I would add is, look at our special waste volume that continued to be strong through Q2 as well. Right.
John Morris: I think Toby, you hit on one of them on a supply chain and we go back to that for a second. But first let's start with labor. I mean, you know, we still see pressure on a lot of those frontline contributing jobs and I'm sure that they're enduring some of the same pressure there. We've been fortunate and had the capacity to really make some big changes in terms of wages and overall comp packages, etc. And you're seeing it show up in our turnover, which reduces training, improves safety, reduces our labor, etc. I'm sure that's one area where they're seeing pressure. I think there's still a little bit of overhang. You talk to some of these folks on the supply chain side where they've got to recapitalize their fleet or their business. That cost is certainly not getting any cheaper. So those are a few areas we think about when we're seeing some of this activity. But I think Jim really hit on something that was important. I mean, the pipeline is strong. You know, we're on track probably to finish around a $1billion-plus of tuck in acquisitions. We've got obviously three quarters of that done already, but we've continued to be disciplined and make sure that we're, we're filling in white space or buying assets and companies in areas where we see real growth opportunities. And that's why you hear about Arizona, Texas, the Carolinas, Florida, etc.
John Morris: Well, I think I would, I would tell you is, is if you look at our labor trend over the last handful of quarters, it's certainly trended through Q2 and it's a handful of things. It's lower turnover. That leads to some of that labor pressure, easy, right? You're, you're hiring less people. You're training less people. Your efficiency is naturally better with someone who's experienced behind the wheel of a vehicle as is your safety performance. And that's why you continue to hear us talk about it. And the fact that we're, you know, hovering in the, in the, in the high teens for turnover, not only is that low considering what we were dealing with post COVID, but those are historic lows. So we're going to continue to stay intently focused on that. Cause that is driving the labor benefit.
John Morris: So the last point I would make on that is we've talked over the last two-plus years about reducing some of the labor intensity from those frontline individual contributor roles that are getting harder to fill and more expensive. You know, we're closing in on 2000 of those positions that we don't need to fill anymore. And we'll be over 2000, call it 2200 to 2300 by the end of the year. And we're approaching sort of the halfway point of what we projected that we could remove the need for as many as 5,000 of those roles. And those are really frontline contributor roles. And again, it's important. It's not like we're walking a single person out the door. Those are folks who are not necessarily lined up anymore to come in the front door. And we're finding ways to use technology and automation to, to replace that.
John Morris: And you made the point earlier, Jim, it's routes and customers. It's worth line of business, got a lot of similarities to what we already do in our three collection lines of business. And that's an opportunity for us to get under the covers here. Once we, once we get to that point.
Devina Rankin: So, I'll start by highlighting that the one item that was different than our expectations at the end of April when we spoke about that little north of 30% for Q2 is the risk management impact of 50 basis points in the quarter. So, if we had not had that item, which we couldn't have predicted, we would have come in at or above the target that I provided on the call last time. What I would say about when we look forward to Q3, what's changed a little bit, there's a couple of things. One is recycled commodity prices, and you guys know that we have a different geography than our competitors do with regard to the impact of recycled commodity prices. And that was a 40 basis point headwind in the quarter, and we expect elevated commodity prices to continue into the back half of the year. So, there is a little bit of a headwind that we weren't projecting from recycling brokerage in particular that would carry over. And then, in addition to that, with lower industrial volumes that John mentioned, the flow through on industrial volumes is generally strong 40% levels. And so, that again is one of the things that created a headwind in the quarter and that would impact Q3. The third item relates to the Tuck-In acquisition contributions. As you know, based on where we are in integration processes, integrated M&A revenue and activity tends to come in in early innings at a lower contribution margin than our base business. So, what I would say is that right now our Q3 outlook is in the range of 30.5% to 31% with all those things taken into account.
Devina Rankin: So, in terms of overall EBITDA growth for the year, what I would say is, when we look at the first half of the year, right, the first half of the year, Solid Waste EBITDA has grown $415 million. Quite remarkable. The headwind that I talked about in risk management, it shows up in the corporate and other category. And so, what you see is, you know, there was more of an offset to that Solid Waste growth in the first -- in the second quarter than what we experienced in the first quarter. But the sustainability businesses, we still expect to be on track to generate that $115 million of EBITDA contribution to the year. And when we think about what happened over the second quarter that may not be showing up as a direct increase in that amount, it really is a put-and-take story. One is the value, the incremental value we expect from higher commodity prices in the recycling business, partially offset by the impact of a slowdown in some of the construction projects on the renewable energy business. Now, we're talking weeks, not months here, right? This is contributions that we now expect to start to ramp more in the fourth quarter than what we were expecting earlier in the second half of the year. So, all-in-all, what I would tell you is the EBITDA growth story for us is approaching 10% in the year, and still most of that coming from the solid waste business, with the contributions coming from the sustainability business, in total tracking according to plan, though there was a put-and-take.
Devina Rankin: It's insignificant. We had our quarterly business reviews with the Texas market, who was hit the hardest, and they've made projections. But at this point, it's not expected to be material.
Devina Rankin: Sure. So in terms of what we experienced in the second quarter, you know, this is a business where we say safety is priority one and getting our team members home safe every day is the most important job that we all do. And I would tell you that, unfortunately, there were some incidents in the second quarter that resulted in reserves associated with some of the, you know, more significant incidences that we can, from time-to-time, incur in our business. It is not representative of long-term trends. It is not representative of something that we expect to repeat. So I would say non-recurring, not out of period. What I would say with regard to the seasonal trends, and I mentioned this when Tyler and I were talking about margins as well, is what's difficult about typical seasonal trends for us is that roll-off is really a big piece of what can drive seasonal trends upward. And we did not see the roll-off volume pickup that we would have expected to see, and we are cautious about that going into the third quarter. Aside from that, we do expect the traditional benefits that you get from higher MSW levels and the commercial collection line of business in particular continues to be really, really strong in terms of both volume growth, price execution, and really strong flow-through from those efficiency gains that we've had. So overall, seasonality expectations are very strong, and we expect that to continue with the exception of the muted roll-off impact.
Devina Rankin: So one data point, Noah, that I think is really helpful in terms of thinking about timing and why it would differ from, you know, the timeline that we saw on ADS as an example is that when you think about Stericycle and where they are in their journey, they are just completing their ERP implementation, and we think that there's reason to be cautious with respect to the pace at which we could capture synergies with this business. And Jim did a great job of articulating, you know, some of the work that's going on right now in order for us to be able to fortify our expectations and outlook. But I think that the ERP implementation journey that the Stericycle team has been on is one of the reasons that we're not at a position that we can speak to how quickly we can get there, although you know us well enough to know that we're going to move as fast as we can.
Devina Rankin: Yeah, so it was about $775 million of unusual activity, and it will be disclosed specifically in the 10Q. But basically because of with the lead up to the announcement of the Stericycle acquisition, we were in a period where we had material non-public information, and we could not remarket our tax-exempt bonds to the marketplace. So we had to repurchase our own tax-exempt bonds for a short period of time. That's what that relates to. We've since already successfully remarketed the ones that have been in place or that could have gone back to the market through July, and then we have additional remarketing activity that will happen in the third quarters and fourth quarters where we expect to fully place those back into the marketplace by the end of the year.
Devina Rankin: Yeah, so what I would say is, I would describe the risk management item as a Q2 only item in terms of the magnitude of the 50 basis points headwinds because it was activity-based. It's not something that will be recurring in nature. With regard to tax rate, this is actually a little more complicated question to answer than you might anticipate. But what I would tell you is when we exited Q2, our projection for that is 22%. I'd clarify for you two important things. One is that it includes $145 million of investment tax credit benefits that we expect for the year. And if there is any change in the timing or place and service dates of our renewable natural gas facilities, you could see that change. But that's our best estimate as of right now. And then the second item is, there was a change in accounting in 2024 related to our low-income housing tax credit investment, and that actually has a slight impact on the effective tax rate because of a change in geography on the income statement. And Ed and Heather are happy to talk through that with you in more detail if you would like.
Devina Rankin: Sure. So I would tell you in terms of the portfolio, this was the largest investment of its kind that was remaining in our what you call venture capital type suite of investments. So there's not anything significant that I would tell you is looming here for similar investments. For this one in particular, it relates to the continuous investment that we had made, and you'll recall that this was all about looking for opportunities to divert MSW and see what we could do to create sustainable solutions for MSW. We continue to be focused on ensuring that we are thoughtful about what opportunities exist in the marketplace, and we were optimistic about this one, but the viability of it proved to be different than our initial expectations.
Devina Rankin: So, as Jim said on the document destruction side, you know, it certainly wasn't the reason to buy Stericycle, but it's also not something that we're looking at from a divestiture perspective. I would tell you that when we think about the, the role that their international footprint can play for WM, we've always been intentional about keeping our eye on the U.K. in particular, with respect to traction that they get from a sustainability and recycling perspective. And we've done that more from afar. And this gives us a more active position in an important market to be sure that we're keeping pace with sustainability objectives, more broadly.
Devina Rankin: The only, the only other thing I would add is 2025 really should be a big year for us and the sustainability related investment, seeing them roll through. Jim mentioned the seven of the 20 plans that will be online by the end of '24 will represent roughly 30% of our, our EBITDA of the $510 million that we had had told you about. And we have a similar story on the recycling plants, and we should get a bit of a tailwind from the shutdown costs that we've been incurring in 2024. So a lot of momentum, I would say on the sustainability investment side.
Jim Fish: So, Tyler, Jim here, let me just give you a little bit of extra color here. The 25 that Devina referenced in kind of our forecast over the revised guidance number of 6,450 that we gave last quarter, that 25 has some of what John talked about, which is the Winter Bros acquisition. We'll get five months-ish of that. We already had baked into our original guidance some M&A EBITDA and revenue, but can't say we baked in Winter Bros. So, you're going to get part of that. You're going to get, as Devina said, you're going to get some of the sustainability stuff, which, by the way, is working both ways for us. I mean, we get some commodity pickup. We also are seeing a few minor delays in a couple of the R&G plants. We're still building five R&G plants for the year, as we said we would, but 30 days or so of delay is impacting us. So, all of that adds up to the 25. I think Devina's point, though, is really worth really reiterating here. I mean, you're talking about almost 10% EBITDA growth, and to some degree, I feel like we have a great story to tell, and sometimes we aren't great storytellers, because I feel like we've got 10%, which is the strongest EBITDA growth, probably back to the 1990s. I'm sure the company grew by more than 10% in 1982, but since the 1990s, that's the strongest EBITDA growth we've ever seen, and yet we're doing it. You remember in 2019, when we said we grew EBITDA between 5% and 7%, we said, at the top end of the range, that's going to be in a really robust economy, where we're seeing, you know, 2-plus percent volume growth. We're not seeing 2-plus percent volume growth. We're flat on volume, and yet, in an economy that's kind of stumbling along, honestly, and yet we're growing EBITDA by 10%. Almost all of that, except for that $25 million-ish or whatever that number is for us, almost all that's coming from organic growth. Same with last year. We grew by 7% last year, and it was almost all organic growth. It's coming from those things that we've talked about in the past. You know, you remember a couple years ago, we started talking about technology, probably five years ago. We're going to talk, we're going to bring technology to bear, and we're going to really make a commitment to sustainability, and we're going to put operating processes in place, improve efficiencies, we're going to get smarter with pricing through data analytics, all that stuff, and I remember on the earnings call getting questions like, okay, that's great, Jim. When are we going to see the impact on the bottom line? You are seeing the impact on the bottom line. When you see 10% EBITDA growth, 160 basis points of margin growth, and still 5-ish percent revenue growth, it's all coming from price, you are absolutely seeing that kind of strategic growth, and then at the same time, we're doing some acquisitions. I mentioned in my script where we're filling holes, either where we weren't before, or adding to really strong strategic positions like Texas, like Florida, like North Carolina, Tennessee, you could go down the list, Arizona, and then you've all seen a deck on Stericycle. I mean, Stericycle is basically a fourth line of business for us. We've got resi, we've got commercial, we've got industrial, now we've got medical. And with Stericycle comes significant opportunities for synergy and comes with a higher growth trajectory in medical waste than in the solid waste space. So we're very excited about that, which basically gets me to a 25 number, and 2025 we'll give you guidance in February. But I could not be more bullish when I think about 2025, when you add all those things up. I mean, think about these sustainability investments. Tara will tell you we've spent probably three-quarters of the capital, or we will have by the end of the year, and we will have only realized 15% of the EBITDA. So 2025, I don't care who gets elected in November. Well, I do, but it doesn't matter who gets elected in November. And it doesn't matter whether we have geopolitical problems. It doesn't matter whether the economy is up or down. We're going to have a blockbuster year in 2025. We'll talk about it in February. But that's on top of what we consider to be a blockbuster year this year. So a bit longer answer than I think you were bargaining for when you got on when you were first in the queue. But I just want to make sure everybody understands all that.
Jim Fish: So, Toni, real quickly, you know, Tara did a great job of answering that and she's absolutely right. I would just tell you, we've always said, no matter who's in office, we're pretty agnostic about that. I mean, we all have our own personal preferences, but the business itself does really well in just about any regulatory environment, short of somebody coming in and saying, you know, landfills are closed all tomorrow morning. But short of that, we are pretty agnostic with respect to regulation, whether it's the Chevron doctrine, whatever it is, we do well in just about any environment.
Jim Fish: Yeah, Jerry, it's a little hard to tell at this point. One thing I can tell you is that Stericycle has talked a lot about the fact that as they roll out new systems that those systems will give them better visibility. And boy, we absolutely concur with that. I mean, you know, we like the fact that our systems give us a lot of visibility all the way down at the customer level. So we don't really know what that means in terms of pricing at this point because we haven't had a chance to kind of stick our head under the covers. But we do know that the better the visibility, the smarter you can be with data and analytics and with pricing.
Jim Fish: Yeah, you know, I mean, I think this is really kind of an outsider looking in because, again, we're not, you know, we don't own the business yet. And we really, for the most part, are looking at public documents. We're starting to go through an integration process where we get to look at some things. But I would tell you that if we look at kind of the medical industry, not just medical waste but medical services, and as you look at the United States or you look at Canada or you look at just about any country, the U.K., France, Germany, I mean, all those countries are getting older. And so that would seem to be a positive for the volume of services in that industry. And commensurate with that, you would expect to see medical waste increase at a similar pace. So why their volumes have been a bit slower than expected, it's hard for me to say. But I sure do look at the future of this and say, this is a business that should have a very strong volume trajectory to it. I do think it will be helpful as we start to look at their customer base. They have a lot of customers that are moving towards kind of larger national account-type customers. And we're very good at national accounts. Our national accounts business has really been a driver of our growth over the last kind of five years to ten years. So as you look at their business that's going, in large part, from these small-quantity generators to more large-quantity generators, the UNHs and the HCAs and companies like that, I think that's right in our wheelhouse.
Jim Fish: Yeah, so it's a good question, Noah. You know, Rafa Carrasco, our officer here, is going to be running this for us, and Rafa is kind of right into the process of looking at what do the synergies look like for this deal. We said $125 at the start. We didn't really give kind of a breakdown of when we realized those. Some of those, obviously, you know you get up front, whether it is some internalization benefits on the disposal side. It's also, you know, some of the SG&A piece. But we do think that, as we said kind of early on, that the $125 is, you know, you can do some math to get to a point where you say that's pretty conservative, even if you're just looking at the SG&A line. We built in 300 basis points on the SG&A line, and their guidance for the year was 22% SG&A as a percent of revenue. And you know where ours is. I mean, we're at 9%. And by the way, as I think Davina said a couple of times, you probably should compare them not to the 9% but to what our areas run at. Our areas run at like 5%. So you can do some math and get to a much bigger number than 125, but that's what Rafa and his team are doing right now is determining, all right, what do the synergies look like? What comprises the $125? Is the $125 twice as big as that? I mean, what is that number? And then to your point, when do we get it? Is it, you know, we've kind of said three years to get there, but you may have most of it coming in year one. You may have most of it coming in year two. We don't quite know yet. That's where he's digging in. We will give quite a bit more color on this. First of all, once we own the business, we'll give a lot more color on it. And secondly, we'll give more color and we'll give guidance in February.
Jim Fish: Yeah, that's a great question. And I think the consumer has been pretty resilient through all of this, through COVID, through kind of the rebound, and through a bit of a -- look, it's not been a bad economy, but it just hasn't been a -- it certainly hasn't been a blockbuster economy. The consumer has been very resilient, and that's been the encouraging part. I think it shows up when you look at our kind of more small and medium businesses, which are reflected in our commercial. You know, the commercial line of business has been fairly strong for us on the volume side. Resi has been soft, but Resi is not really driven by consumer behavior. Resi has really been driven by John Morris, and John's been really working on improving margins in that line of business. The real softness has been in that temp roll-off, more industrial space. You know, if you look at our numbers, C&D has been soft, but a lot of that is just difficult comps because of the big Florida hurricane last year. Special waste has been pretty good. MSW has been quite good. So we're actually not that disappointed with flat volume, but it's just not the 2% to 3% that we kind of talked about, you know, in 2019 at the last investor day. I would tell you that the consumer seems to be resilient, seems to be fairly strong, so all of that's good for us.
Jim Fish: One last quick point here when you talk about Stericycle. We really haven't talked that much about the operating side of this, but look, I think there's a real opportunity on the operating side. John's talked a lot about the efficiencies that we're bringing in the solid waste space, the technology that we're bringing to bear. All of that has application in the medical waste space, too, because they really run trucks the same way we run trucks.
Jim Fish: Well, I'll start backwards, Kevin. I think with respect to New York City, we've been a long-term licensed Operator in New York City since the mid-'90s. So that's not the reason why Winter Bros was attracted to us. They're certainly the premier environmental service provider on Long Island. I think you hit on a couple of key things. One, it's a white space for us. It was sort of new real estate. It's not a secret that the Long Island market has got some disposal constraints that are growing at the end of this year with the planned closure of Brookhaven Landfill. They've got intermodal assets and capabilities that play very well into our network capabilities. And on top of that, the business runs really well standalone. So for us, we're really fortunate to have those folks join the WM team. They run about 150 routes out there. It's about 500 employees. So we're excited about that. In terms of the commercial waste zone thing, we've obviously followed it like a lot of other folks, but that was not reasonable for our interest in Winter Bros.
Jim Fish: Certainly their ability to move waste off of Long Island in modes other than truck transportation was certainly something that was appealing to us, and we view that as, like I said, as some of the disposal constraints continue to grow on Long Island. Their capabilities on Long Island, in addition to the network of assets we have that can receive intermodal waste, was a key contributor in terms of the strategic outlook for us acquiring that business.
Jim Fish: Yeah. James, I just to add a little bit to that, I, what John said there, I mean, sometimes it gets lost, but, but these different geographies have different rates and this happened to be a pretty big pickup about 20% pickup in MSW. And as John said, it was, it was good, very good for this area, but that area happens to have an average rate well below the average rate for the company. And that's driven by market conditions. That's driven by, by capacity competition, all of those things, this area, which picked up this, this nice bump in MSW is well below that market rate. So when you look at yield, which includes mix, the yield calculation reflects that. That's why John talks about core price because core price takes out the mix effect. Core price is essentially flat. If you look at Q2 of '23 versus Q2 of '24, essentially flat. Well, yield was down a bit and the yield was really mixed related.
Jim Fish: I'm still offended by that number. I think the way I we'd look at that is as we've said all along, this business is really a natural byproduct of our landfills. It's one that provides significant margin accretion for a strong EBITDA to free cash flow conversion. All of those good things that we like, that we talk about it. And last but certainly not least, it adds to our sustainability focus that we really made, kind of a tenant of our strategy a few years back. So all of those things are really good. We've said kind of all along, everything is for sale at a price, but I would tell you $3 billion is not that price. In fact, it's a long way from that price. So right now our focus has been those 20 plants. I talked about kind of where we are on those, and, you know, we've got two that are out there, three I guess that are out there, and we'll have another four coming online this year. We're in process of construction on all of those. As I said in kind of my extra comments to Tyler's question, almost three-quarters of that CapEx is going to be spent by the end of the year, and only 15% of the EBITDA will have been realized. So that's why 2025 and '26 really look like there's going to be a big step up there, not just from R&G, but also the recycling investments. So, again, I know the Reuters article was out there, $3 billion, anything that we own is for sale at the right price. And if somebody threw a gigantic number at us, we would look at it. But for now we're focused on building out the remainder of those 20 plants. Tara has talked about the fact that we've got potential for kind of phase 2, some of these other landfills that are not in that 20. We're evaluating those as well. We're super excited about the R&G business and the recycling rebuilds that we're doing.
Jim Fish: No, no, no. It's a good question. Look, there's always ups and downs, puts and takes in the business. There's hardly ever, in fact, there may never be a year where every single thing we look at goes up. And you touched on the one which we've talked about a bit this morning, which is volume. Volume is softer than we expected coming into the year. We thought it would be approaching 1%. Now it's more flat, but we've offset that. And that's the encouraging part for us is not only have we offset it, but expecting 1% volume growth and 7% -- I think 7.6% was our original guidance on the EBITDA line. And now we're saying, okay, oops, volume is not going to be approaching 1%. It's going to be flat. Oh, but by the way, EBITDA is going to be 10%, approaching 10%. So while not everything is going in the right direction, and there's a couple of other things. We did mention the fact that some minor delays in some of these plants. They're minor delays, but they're not opening exactly when we said they would open. They're still, you know, the five that we committed to opening in '24 are still going to open in '24, but slightly minor delays. I think the impact of that is about $11 million negative. So that's been a negative force, but in no way, shape, or form does that indicate that we're experiencing long-term delays in these projects where we feel like we're on a really good track for construction of those plants. So, yeah, you know, there's been a couple of things. One thing that we don't talk about, for example, is the fact that when you rebuild these recycle plants, there's a shutdown cost for that. And by the way, you're shutting down in a really good commodity price environment. So that ends up in kind of a strange way being a pickup for us. As we get into 2025, there won't be as much of a shutdown cost as there was in 2024. But '24, it's why I've kind of tried to pound the table a little bit on how impressive 10% is. We've got some delays that have amounted to call it 11 million bucks. We've got some shutdown costs that are, you know, you're going to have a shutdown cost because you have to shut the plant down in order to retool it. So there are a few negatives out there. You know, could we have a higher tax rate depending on who gets in office in November? Yes. But really the only thing that to us that looks kind of negative and doesn't seem to have prospects for improvement is that kind of industrial temp roll off business. I'm not sure I see that bouncing back in 2025, but I am. That doesn't mean I'm not incredibly bullish about 2025. I just think we have to offset it just the way we've done this year.
Jim Fish: Well, in addition, sorry, I was just going to say, in addition to what John said there, you know, we, we still have call it 50% of the, the way to go on our conversion from rear load to ASL. And in just about every one of those cases, you have a labor benefit. Well, in every case you have a labor benefit. In most cases, you have a labor benefit because you don't have a helper on the back of that truck. So that helper comes off, but at the same time you're picking up 30% more homes with an automated side loader versus a rear loader. So in addition to the technology that John and team have brought on board that, that is producing efficiency growth in these lines of business and, and you know, technology driven pickup, you also get this, this pickup when you're shifting from manual collection to automated collection.
Jim Fish: Yeah. Look, I think the shredded business, we look at that as being complimentary to our own recycling business. It, it wasn't a reason to buy stair cycle, but it certainly wasn't a reason to not buy Stericycle either. I think there, you know, the automation that the terrorists talked about coming into those plants can really be a benefit to the Stericycle business. And by the way, the fact that we're. We're the biggest recycler out there is it matters to size matters in this respect. So we're able to potentially command a better price that we get paid for our material than might a smaller customer of, of those companies like a stair cycle. We process a lot of paper in addition to other commodities. So, so I think there's a couple of places where we really feel like this is going to where we can bring expertise, but we also bring size, which, which makes a difference on, on potentially on price.
Jim Fish: Yeah. I mean, it's, you know, we're, we're just in end of July here. So it's a little bit hard to say. I did say that. I don't, I can't tell you I'm super optimistic about the industrial side of, of the business, the roll off side. But by the way, I mean, you know, there's kind of no room to the only direction is up on that business. At this point, it's been pretty soft. But everything else seems to be, I think pretty good. Pricing is, is, you know, something we're, we're pretty good at. And, and, and we use data and analytics, I think quite well as we, as we implement, you know, kind of our -- our pricing changes. So I don't, I don't see any reason to, to, to be concerned about pricing for next year. Volume itself. We'll know a bit more as we get to, you know, get closer to 25 and how the overall kind of economy is, what's the, what the economy is going to look like. But look, I, I think, I think roll off is, is, you know, I don't think it's going to be worse. Commercial is a, one of the early questions was about the consumer. I think the consumer looks pretty strong and I don't see any reason why the consumer won't continue to be strong next year. And then, you know, look, we're adding a business in Stericycle that we do think has a, a stronger growth trajectory, even in the solid waste business, just by nature of where they're, where they are. So I, I'm, you know, fairly encouraged by the volume outlook, but I'll, I'll be able to tell you more as we get closer.
Jim Fish: Okay, well, thank you all for your questions this morning. I hope we gave a sufficient amount of color and we're able to demonstrate our, our reasons for our optimism, both for this year and for the coming years beyond '24. So thanks again for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Jerry Revich: Jim, on Stericycle, you know, I'm wondering if you just weigh in because historically, the company has really struggled to push pricing. And I think that's been because of the autoclave business. And you folks in your businesses are obviously leaders in driving pricing and return. So I'm wondering if you could just maybe peel back the onion on your strategy for that business and how you folks can have an impact on pricing discipline in the market through your ownership.
Jerry Revich: And in terms of the volume outlook, you know, I think historically the industry has had a much tougher volume result than what the forecast is going forward. Can you just talk about what's driving inflection in your view? And sorry, this is still on medical waste.
Jerry Revich: Super. And can I ask one more, Devina? In terms of the risk management costs in the quarter, can you just expand on those, you know, or how much of that is non-recurring out of period versus what might linger with us? It looks like based on the sequential outlook for margins and 3Q, it feels like you're applying normal seasonality to this lower base in 2Q that includes the headwind from the risk costs. So I'm wondering if you could just expand on that, if you don't mind.
