James C. Fish: Well, the cost of goods sold line, we certainly have seen an improvement in that line as we've taken some aggressive steps, but I don't have an exact number for you there, Alex. I think we can get something to you though.
James C. Fish: So Joe, as David mentioned in his script, I mean, we've done a good job of compensating for some of this price declines. In fact, he said that we just recently changed to this 3% to 5% negative guidance and that was because for the month of January, we felt pretty good about compensating for what was, at the time, about a $10 decline in pricing. We've seen an additional decline in February and hence the negative guidance for recycling. As far as what it looks like going forward, boy, we have not been real successful in projecting the outlook for recycling over years. So the only thing we can do to control that is take an aggressive stance on changing these contracts and then take a tough stance on cost control. Projecting the commodity price is something we haven't been very adept at.
James C. Fish: Yes. I think there were a couple things that drove the cost of operations down. First of all, we've taken a tough stance on – but the right stance to take on managing labor in operations. That will continue going forward. We've used some routing technology and that has started to bear some fruit. Additionally, of course, as everyone knows, fuel prices affect the cost of operations. And so while you see it coming off of the operating expense line, you'll also see it coming off the top line in the form of a fuel surcharge.
James C. Fish: Gosh, cost of operations, look, I think for 2015 operating costs, we expect that we will be able to continue the progress we've made in 2014. I don't see a big increase in OpEx as a percent of revenue.
James C. Fish: Al, I think the fact that a lot of that volume growth is coming on the collections side of the business highlights why it's so important on operating expense to really make sure that we continue with the efforts that Jim has put into place to really improve our operating expense as a percent of revenue, because as you know from 2014, really for us not a great year on collection volumes, a decent year on landfill volumes. But collection volumes come with a bit higher operating cost as a percent of revenue. So it is very important for us that we continue those efforts on the OpEx side.
James C. Fish: Right. As we see collection volumes start to improve, which was what we've seen with 110 basis point improvement sequentially from Q3 to Q4, we need to make sure that we have all of the pieces in place operating-wise to control costs. Collection volumes have a higher operating cost, variable operating cost than do landfill volumes. So we feel good about going into 2015 with those pieces in place.
James C. Fish: So setting aside that congratulations, let me address the – we beat you to it. Let me address the first question, Al. Look, as far as fuel goes – I mean, look, large price declines as we've seen recently, large price spikes, put us into an under-recovery or over-recovery position. Large price declines put us into an over-recovery position. But over time, our fuel surcharge program fully recovers cost increases for us. So for the most part, we're generally agnostic with respect to the price of fuel. In 2015, we expect there would be a slight benefit to margin, maybe 10 basis points from lower fuel cost. But for the most parts, we would expect that that fuel surcharge, which has a lag to it, will catch up and we'll be in kind of a full recovery position where we aren't over-recovering or under-recovering depending on the direction of fuel.
James C. Fish: Yes. So as you said, there's going to be a number of pluses and minuses there. On the minus side, as we talked about, we've got some recycling challenges potentially. We have a little bit of added capital expenditures versus where we finished the year, mostly related to the big contracts coming on board. We have a year-over-year working capital hit from the fact that last year we accelerated bonus. But we also have some working capital pick-up as well: the fact that hopefully we won't have another big legal settlements this year. And we're making quite a bit of progress on working capital, as well on DSO and DPO. So on the plus side, we've got the restructuring impact. We have lower interest expense. We've got those working capital items. And then, really, at that point, you get to our core business, which includes the aggressive approach to cost control. It includes pricing. And so I think when you combine all of those, while there's a lot of kind of puts and takes, I think we feel comfortable with getting to the cash from operations growth figures.
James C. Fish: Yes, I mean, on the first question, maintenance and growth, probably, Jim, I would guess, $900 million.
James C. Fish: Yes. I mean, excluding kind of use of proceeds for Wheelabrator, it's typically between $100 million and $200 million.
James C. Fish: Yes. I guess, Michael, when I look at this on a blended basis, so I'm not breaking it out, my answer won't be on a OCC versus plastics versus other commodities. But on a blended basis, we finished the year 2014 at $98, and we saw a January drop about $10, so to $89 and that impacts us on the 6 million tons that we actually pick up and take to our MRFs, about $60 million in revenue, which equates to somewhere in that $0.03 to $0.05 range on the EPS line. We think in January, the cost control that we put into place fully compensated for that which is why we were prepared to come on a call and say we thought it'd be flat. And then with the February decline, we just have not been able to put the more stringent contract changes and cost controls in place yet. So can we do that? That is our plan. But at this point we're trying to be a little conservative because of the kind of the falling knife here, so to speak. So we think there's probably $0.03 to $0.05 in the $80 number, which is where we may finish the month of February in that blended rate. If things go to heck from there and fall to $60, then I think all bets are off with respect to that $0.03 to $0.05. But right now, we feel good about the contract changes that I went through in detail in my script. We feel good about the cost controls that we put into place, not only in January, but in all of 2014.
James C. Fish: Yes. A couple things, Michael, first of all, it's difficult to disaggregate the effect of the port strike into its component parts in that $0.03 to $0.05. So it's tough to tell. There are a couple of different moving parts. There's a weaker Chinese economy. There's quality issues with outbound product. And there is, of course, the port strike. One of the concerns we have, honestly, about the port strike is that there's a lot of products sitting idle at this point. When that does eventually get resolved, all that product ends up out on the market, which could have a dampening effect on commodity pricing. So I didn't do a very good job of answering kind of your seasonal uptick question there, and I'm not sure I know how to answer that because it's hard to predict what's going to happen with the port strike. It's also hard to separate the port strike in that $0.03 to $0.05 negative guidance that we gave you because there's a couple of different moving parts.
James C. Fish: I'm not sure I'd give it $0.02 in 2015. Again, kind of hard to predict what the dollar will do versus the Canadian dollar, but we didn't put anything in for foreign currency impact in 2015. So I would say, it's flat. If we do have an impact, then...
James C. Fish: So cash interest decreased by $17 million in 2014 and that was due largely to a couple things, first of all, the Q2 recycling of the $350 million senior notes. We also had some tax exemplary marketings that came in at lower rates. And then of course in January, we made whole those three senior notes with a weighted average coupon of 7%. So what will the interest rate be? It's kind of yet to be determined on what the rates will be on the refinancing. And the cash impact is our cost of debt is coming down. Wouldn't surprise me if the cash impact is similar to 2014.
James C. Fish: Yes, the supplemental schedule that came out pretty much is all. It's divested operations. But for the most part, it's Wheelabrator. So revenue – the way we've adjusted out to kind of get you to an apple-to-apples is $852 million. Now that's Wheelabrator plus Puerto Rico and the Maritimes, but largely Wheelabrator. And then adjusting out $231 million in EBITDA, $220 million of that was Wheelabrator. So again, largely on every one of those metrics on that schedule, it's for the most part a Wheelabrator adjustment.
James C. Fish: Let's see here. Cash taxes in 2014, $763 million, and then we expect 2015 cash taxes to be about $517 million, something like that.
James C. Fish: One last answer for you that you asked initially was revenue for Wheelabrator, revenue for Wheelabrator $817 million of that $852 million that we show on the schedule.
James C. Fish: And as far as energy services goes, look, there's two things going on with energy services right now. On the price side, and I think you may have heard that from some of the other calls earlier or last week I guess, on the price side, we're working with E&P companies on addressing their price concession requests. We'll see where that ends up. On the volume side, we do expect to see a slowdown in drilling. I guess the good news is though that it seems to be hitting the big three the hardest, those being Permian, Bakken and Eagle Ford. And we have no exposure in Permian and limited exposure in Bakken and Eagle Ford. So it's also important to understand that our energy services business, while it's a great business for us, is still small as a percentage of our overall business. And while we will feel some price and volume pressures there in 2015, I think we'll be able to make up that in the other parts of our manufacturing and industrial business such as coal ash and petrochemical plant production, things like that.
David P. Steiner: But the key, Alex, is that as we manage those rebates better, our cost of goods sold as a percent of the commodity price that we achieve continues to improve. And so, we would expect that to continue to improve in 2015. As Jim said, we got to take some steps to really fix the recycling business because if you look at not just at Waste Management, but across the entire recycling industry, you're seeing a divestment in recycling assets. And so, for the benefit not just of Waste Management, but I think for the viability of recycling in the United States, we have to have some core fundamental changes that Jim described to make the business long-term viable.
David P. Steiner: Yes. We'll give the contribution number once we actually close it. And we would expect to be able to close it likely within the next 30 days.
David P. Steiner: And Joe, again, look, the viability of recycling is, at its core, very simple. You sell the commodity for a certain price, right. In the past, what the industry has done is said we'll sell the commodity for a certain price and then whatever our processing cost is we'll be able to pocket the difference. The reality is as commodity prices have come down, you got instances where our processing cost is higher than what we are selling the commodity for. And so you can't have the business model where it says we'll sell the commodity, split the proceeds and hopefully cover our operating costs. The way we're changing the contracts is to say: look, we are going to recover our operating costs, whatever those might be and however those might be affected by things that we can't control like the Chinese Green Fence. So we're going to recover our processing costs. And if we're able to sell the commodity for more than our processing costs, then we'll split the proceeds with the customer. If our processing costs are higher than what we can sell the commodities for, we're going to have to charge our customers in order to recycle. And that's the only way that we can make recycling viable for the long-term.
David P. Steiner: Yes. It's really too soon. We need to really try to put numbers around the coal ash. But what I'd tell you, Joe, is that we saw this coming three years ago, two-and-a-half years ago when the regulations were first proposed and we've been out in front of customers trying to work on solutions ever since. And so, we're not new to the party here. We've been doing it for a long time. We've developed those customer relationships, and so we would expect to do – I mean, to the extent that there is revenue generated from the new coal ash regulations, we would expect to get more than our fair share.
David P. Steiner: Yes, we would expect to see some modest improvement in costs as a percent of revenue. The big issue that we've got is volume, right. I mean, I think you all know that the ability to leverage costs from new commercial volumes is dramatic. We haven't seen commercial volumes turn positive. So we would expect to see some modest improvement in cost of operations as a percent of revenue, but we'll really see that improve as we start to see commercial volumes pick up in 2015 going through 2016. And then, we'd also expect to continue to see improvement in our operating costs at the recycling line. So we'll see some modest improvement in operating costs. As Jim said, we'll see some good improvement on SG&A. So we should see that 100 basis point plus improvement to margins next year.
David P. Steiner: Yes. I wouldn't be surprised at all to see at the back half of 2015 that we start to see the trend line turning positive from a volume point of view. Probably not till later in the year, but given what we've seen from the economy and housing starts, I wouldn't be surprised to see that at all coming out of 2015 and into 2016. With respect to the first quarter, no look, we see volume reports on a very frequent basis. You've seen a little bit of a drop-off in volumes, but as you know, sometimes those volumes bounce back real quickly in March because of the weather. So no, we're not trying to say that we will definitely see down volumes in the first quarter. But given what you all, particularly up on the East Coast, in Boston and other parts of the East Coast, what you're going through, we just wanted to make sure that everybody understands that you really can't judge the full year by first quarter volumes.
David P. Steiner: There is absolutely nothing behind that comment, other than the fact that we say it every year, which is when you start to see the seasonal uptick from March through June, we'll get a real good feel for the prior question, which is will we see positive volumes in the back half of the year. But the only point we're making is that we're not going to make any assumptions on full year volumes based on the first quarter because the first quarter always has a weather impact.
David P. Steiner: Yes. Look, when we look across the various lines, let's take them one line at a time. On the commercial line, we're seeing net service increases improve. We're seeing pounds per yard improve. And I think we're seeing generally sort of overall economic improvement, whether it's new business starts or new housing starts. And so we've been waiting for the pick-up in commercial volumes for a long time. And I guess for the first time in the last three years, what I would say is we're pretty optimistic they're going to improve. Now, we're not going to try to say they're going to turn positive in 2015. But we haven't said in three years that we're pretty optimistic that they're going to improve in 2015. On the industrial line, again looking at the general economy, looking at housing starts, that's all good. A big part of our industrial line is our energy services, and I think everybody would acknowledge that energy services is a big question mark for 2015. But we've done a spectacular job in energy services of increasing our market share where we have assets. And so, we expect to see increased market share at least partially offset some of the volumes on the industrial line of business. So we're fairly positive there. On the residential side, we've lost a lot of residential contracts in the last few years, some of those intentionally, some of those not intentionally. And so the contracts that we wanted to lose on the residential side, we've basically gone through those. And so we should start to see some year-over-year at least a decline or an improvement in the rate of decline on the residential line. And then finally, looking at our national account business, again the national accounts that we wanted to lose, we've lost. We've got some, what I'd call, low-margin national accounts that we'll still look at in 2015, but we would expect our national account volume to begin to stabilize and grow toward the back half of 2015. So what I would say is that overall, we're very optimistic that we're going to see an improvement in volumes. Look, you're absolutely right about the 50 basis points. Is that a narrow range, yes, it's a narrow range. But what we really wanted to impart was that we're seeing volumes moving back closer to flat. And again going back to the prior question, we would expect them to actually start to turn positive toward the back half of the year. And so we gave that narrow range because we didn't want people to think they were going to turn positive, so you've got to start out with flat. And we wanted people to know that we think they're improving. So we didn't want to say negative 1%. So the point of going 50 basis points, I think it's a great question. The point is we wanted to impart that we're seeing improvement, but we're not ready quite yet to call positive volumes for 2015.
David P. Steiner: And to the competitive question, I think generally what we've seen in declining fuel markets is that the competition doesn't generally take that as an opportunity to go out and lower price. They take it as an opportunity to improve their bottom line. And the other part is that, for the most part, our largest competitors also have a fuel surcharge, so it shouldn't have any difference to them whatsoever.
David P. Steiner: Back when we saw the energy price drop, I heard an oil man say something that I thought was a pretty good quote. He said nothing solves low energy prices like low energy prices because, at some point in time, the market stabilizes and you find equilibrium. And I would say nothing solves low commodity prices like low commodity prices. I mean, you're seeing a pretty stark disinvestment in recycling assets. And you're seeing a lot of the smaller players starting to close up shop. That gives us a great opportunity to restructure the recycling business, to restructure it to where we can make a guaranteed return every year, which means we can invest in recycling assets. Look, we cannot invest in recycling assets in a situation like what you and Jim were just talking about, where nobody has any idea where commodity prices are going. And so, we're going to use the opportunity to make sure that we restructure our business such that we can make it profitable come hell or high water. And so, that's really where our focus is, is driving out the operating cost that we can today and then reorganizing the business and only bidding contracts that follow our statement of how we need to make a profitable business out of recycling. We're just not going to sign contracts that put so much risk of commodity prices on our back.
David P. Steiner: And I think, Michael, I think last quarter we mentioned when we announced the divestiture, we mentioned that, obviously, Wheelabrator, the $0.18 that's coming out of earnings doesn't come out equal every quarter. I think we mentioned last quarter that electricity prices last year in the first quarter were very high. So there was – I think it was $0.05 of earnings per share from Wheelabrator in the first quarter of last year. And so it won't come out equally every quarter. It'll come out a little bit more weighted toward the first quarter than the other quarters.
David P. Steiner: Yes. We've seen special waste volume pretty strong all year. And I think it really is the untold story of the lower energy prices. It started out with natural gas and then it's moved to oil. You've seen a lot of construction projects, particularly along the Gulf Coast where we have great positioned assets. And so you've seen great strength in it in 2014. We'd expect that to continue in 2015.
David P. Steiner: Yes. It's a great question, Michael. As I've said before, you've got two options with the pricing gate. You can either – well, you can do nothing, but doing nothing for us is not an option. So you've got the opportunity to do the carrot or the stick. The last two years, we had a pretty big carrot out there, where we said if you can get over 2% yield, we're going to basically pay the 2012 bonus that everybody missed out on because we didn't do pricing very well in 2012. And so, in 2015, we'll go back. I hate to use the word, but we'll go back more toward the stick side. We've paid out those bonuses. Everybody is very happy, but that doesn't mean that you can now sit back and rest on your laurels. And so, we'll go back to a price gate where everybody – we basically give a target to every area, and every area has got to meet their price target. And if they don't meet their price target, we can adjust their bonus by up to 50%.
David P. Steiner: Yes. When we do it, we basically go to back to what I talked about before, core price, right. Look, the reality is as you know, we've been putting a lot of emphasis on landfill pricing, and we'll continue to put an emphasis on landfill pricing. But from a bonus point of view, what we're really looking for is dollars to the bottom line. And so one market might be able to drive that with the landfill, another market might be able to drive it through industrial, and another market might be able to drive it through their commercial business, another one might have to look to their franchise business to drive it. And so there's as many ways to drive it as there are lines of business. We just want to make sure that they get the total dollars to the bottom line. But I can promise you that from a management focus point of view, we've got a lot of management focus on the landfill line.
David P. Steiner: Hey look, Michael, I think the piece that you wrote hit the nail right on the head. We're going to see good cash flow improvement. We'll start to see great cash flow improvement when we get the recycling business straightened out.
David P. Steiner: Yes. So for the share repurchase, you can assume that we offset dilution, but that we're going to do it in the back half of the year. So obviously, there will be a little bit of an earnings effect because you're not replacing dilution right at the beginning of the year. And so, we would expect to do share repurchases to offset dilution.
David P. Steiner: And then, Scott, to the question of the replacement of the EBITDA, the acquisitions that we do will be core solid waste or very closely related to core solid waste. So we feel pretty comfortable that we can look at those type of acquisitions and understand exactly what kind of synergies we're going to get out of those, right. And so what we've always said is that we're not going to go out and pay a higher multiple than what we're trading at. If I'm going to buy something at the multiple we're trading at, and we've always used sort of the long-term 8.5 times EBITDA, I'd rather buy back our own stock than buying a business I don't know. And so, post synergies, we'd expect those type of acquisitions to, on the high end, come in at sort of the 7 to 8 times EBITDA, and on the low end, come in at sort of the 5 to 6 times EBITDA. So somewhere between, I would say generally when we're looking to replace the Wheelabrator divested EBITDA, I would say that generally, we're looking at larger acquisitions which trade a little bit higher than normal tuck-in acquisitions. So I would say that the EBITDA there is going to be somewhere between 6 and 8 times. We used 7 for our assumption, and that assumption is made at least to us being able to replace the full amount of Wheelabrator EBITDA and still have a significant amount of cash proceeds left.
David P. Steiner: Yes. I would say – I wouldn't put high probability on it quite yet. I think by midyear we'll know if there's a high probability. We've got some good acquisition candidates, but we've got to make sure that we can do a deal that works for both of them and for us. And so we've talked to a few larger acquisition targets that it seems like we're on the same page. We've talked to at least one where we're not on the same page, where they wanted more like 11 to 12 times EBITDA. And we basically said look, we've got two choices. We can either buy your business at 11 to 12 times EBITDA or we can go in and buy smaller businesses that mirror your geographic footprint and we could go in and do that. And so we're not going to pay 11 to 12 times EBITDA. We'd rather go out and buy smaller – in that geographic area, we'd rather buy smaller companies. So we do think there's some targets, but before I say that I'm confident, we can replace the Wheelabrator EBITDA, we want to make sure that we're on the same page from a valuation point of view. And like we said, we should have a very good feel for that by midyear.
David P. Steiner: Yes. Generally, frankly, the acquisitions that we're looking at really don't have a recycling component associated with them. And quite honestly, if they did have a recycling component associated with them, we're either going to pay very little for it or we're actually going to subtract from it. I think you hit the nail right on the head. If they have bad recycling contracts that they can't get out of, we're just not going to pay them for it. Or we might even reduce the price because of those recycling contracts. So when we look at the acquisition candidate, what we're going to is we're going to pay for the business that we know. We're going to pay for the business that we can very easily find out what kind of synergies we get. And then we're not going to pay for the businesses where we don't have the synergies. But you're also correct that if they did have a recycling component, there's plenty of places where geographically we can then consolidate with our facilities. So what I would say as a quick summation is that most of the assets that we're looking at buying don't have a strong residential recycling component to them. To the extent that they do, we would take that into account in connection with the value we pay for the business.
David P. Steiner: Yes. We're probably looking at it a lot harder at $80 oil then $50 oil. But look, over the long-term, I think that's going to be a very good business. If we could get assets in that line of business at the right price, we would certainly look at doing that. But I would tell you that the right price today is not what the right price was six months ago. And so, it would have to be something where we would feel fairly confident that over the long-term, we could make the business profitable.
David P. Steiner: Thank you all for joining our earnings call. As you can see, our team here at corporate and our team out in the field created some great momentum in 2014. We fully expect that to continue through 2015. And as we replace the Wheelabrator EBITDA in 2015, we're going to accelerate that growth into 2016. So thank you all and we'll talk to you soon.
James E. Trevathan: Joe, we might add one other quick point and that's that the commodities that are being recycled over the long-term we think need to change. An example is the substantial city in Pennsylvania that just announced not recycling glass in the future. They recognize that the value of recycling the material is just not just positive. There's no real market for it, and they've decided not recycle glass. They made that announcement earlier this week. So that's a positive sign for us.
James E. Trevathan: Yes, Corey, Jim Trevathan here. We're about halfway through at implementing our, what we call, service delivery optimization: the onboard computers that we put on all of our routed trucks and getting the value out of those through the routing tools that Jim mentioned. And the labor reductions, we've done a much better job recently at getting both labor and routes out as volume changes have occurred. And you see the results of that, in addition to fuel.
James E. Trevathan: In both fleet and in landfills, approximately $900 million, $950 million split relatively equally, Tyler, with collection. We're moving it forward slightly versus the last three years. But on average, we bought about 1,000, a little over 1,000 trucks the last three years. And in 2015, we'll buy 1,020 trucks. So the plan moving forward roughly evenly split...
James E. Trevathan: Michael, Jim Trevathan. I would tell you though that Dave's exactly right that they can get it in any line of business. However, the targets are comparable to last year by area, and they can't get it unless they hit all lines of business. They can't totally load up on one as opposed to touching all of the lines of business. So I think you'll see it come in just about the same as last year, as 2014.
