Jim Fish: Yes. Good morning, Hamzah. First as far as service increases go, we looked at the fourth quarter as being really good news because it's the first quarter in a while that we've seen net service increases. We were negative of course in Q2 and negative in Q3. And so we turned positive in Q4 and that's very good news as it relates to -- particularly as it relates to small business. And then as we think about volume overall I think what we -- most macroeconomists are saying that the economy recovers as the vaccine rolls out. And so volume is the one that is hardest for us to predict. Normally, it's fairly predictable for us but it's hardest to predict this go-round because we don't know how quickly the vaccine rolls out. But we are starting to see some encouraging signs from states that we talked about previously that were lagging. States like Illinois, Michigan, Pennsylvania are starting to show some signs of recovery. There are some states like California, New York and then also provinces like I would say Ontario and Québec that are still way behind. But -- and then of course the states that have been -- that opened first like Texas, like Arizona, Tennessee, Florida those states have been doing actually reasonably well. So our expectation is that those states that are starting to reopen and even the states that haven't started will start to perk up here. And we think that we'll be back to some sense of normalcy on the volume front in the back half of 2021. 
Jim Fish: So I'll take the last one first. Not really related to what we're seeing coming out of the EPA. First of all it's very early in this new administration. So those investments are really related to the fact that we believe from an ESG standpoint that they are the right thing to do but we also believe that they provide great shareholder return. So -- and we've -- this is not something that came to us in the last three months. I mean we've been investing in these renewable plants on a -- and doing it diligently over the last probably four -- three to four years. And then of course the recycling business is also related. But we do think that there is a nice uptrend starting and it will continue. And we believe that it's not your normal ebb and flow in terms of commodity prices. It's why I said in my script I think we're disproportionately affected by this in a good way. So your first question really relates to what our expectations are coming out of the new administration. And in an odd sort of way Hamzah we feel like more, I guess greater regulation is actually a good thing for us because we hold ourselves to a higher standard than the baseline regulations. Whether it's from EPA or whether it's from state DEPs we hold ourselves to a higher standard. And so, therefore greater regulation actually ends up being a differentiator for us. And while we don't know exactly what will come out of EPA in the form of regulation around things like PFAS or coal combustion residuals things like that we do look at this as being an opportunity. So we're not displeased with what the future holds for us from that standpoint. 
Jim Fish: I wish I had a sense Kyle of what -- of the damage to my house, because I have a little bit of damage at the house so.
Jim Fish: Yeah. So to answer that question, at least it's hard to say whether it is a bigger opportunity for us. But because we've chosen to accelerate it, then you would expect that the impact would happen sooner for us. And we're touching really – I mean, this is a huge transformation for us. I mean, we are literally digitalizing the entire relationship from the very front end which is where we set a customer up all the way through the routing and dispatch, and then collection functions, and all the way through billing and the back end of the process. So it's a massive effort for us, but it don't like it was the right thing to do to accelerate it. And so when we talked about that on an Investor Day, I would tell you that that's – that it would makes sense that by accelerating the spend we would also accelerate the benefit. I don't know, whether the benefit is necessarily bigger because some of that is dependent on how much differentiation we create. And that is maybe less dependent on us and more dependent on whether competitors choose to do the same thing. But we do believe that having an end-to-end customer experience that's digitalized is something that's almost becoming just the ante to get into the game anymore. It seems as if every company that did well in Q2, when this thing hits, where digitalized in some way shape or form. And so we felt like this was absolutely the right thing to do for our customers. And we do believe that, it gives us an opportunity to grab a bigger slice of the overall pie, particularly those away from competitors that don't choose to make those investments. We know that some competitors already are making those investments or will be. But that piece is maybe a little harder to quantify.
Jim Fish: Jeff, the one thing that has been the most challenging for us has been that commercial line of business because it's so impacted by small businesses. And it's also impacted by hospitality. It's impacted by schools in addition to small businesses. It's why we like the industry honestly. As you think about an investment thesis, it's why we like -- we're more of a reopen play this industry is than we might have been in the past. Because we haven't gone through something like this where everything is shut down and in many cases are still shut down. So whether it's WM or whether it's any other waste provider this is a -- this industry is a reopen play and that shows up on the pricing line as well as the volume line. We have some of the price that might be perceived as being somewhat soft in the commercial line of business is really because it's volume-related price. I mean it doesn't feel morally right to use our fee-based approach, which is a new approach for us but it's -- and it's a sophisticated approach. But you can't go and hit small businesses that are sitting across the street from Wrigley Field and who are typically customers that have a burging business during the baseball season and now they have nothing because there's no fans. You can't hit those customers with fees or with price increases. And they understand that and we understand that. They also understand that when their business reopens that we will increase prices as we normally do normal course of business. So there are some volume related price increases that we simply haven't taken and that specifically impacts that commercial line of business. Other lines as John talked about that are doing quite well are landfill and transfer. Residential, obviously, has gotten a lot of focus. So we feel very good about pricing. And there's been absolutely no loss of discipline. That's hard-coded here. It's just that there's -- that we're waiting for some of this volume to return before we feel like it's the proper time to really reapply.
Jim Fish: Yeah. I think that's a fair way to think about it. I mean we have different approaches to different lines of business. So, landfill and transfer honestly, had not gotten the focus that commercial has gotten until probably two years ago. So we've been very focused on landfill and transfer pricing. And so, similarly, we've been very focused recently on residential. And John has talked about that probably for the last four quarters. I think commercial is, as I said, it's -- we've really established a more sophisticated-based approach to commercial pricing, but we do have a significant percentage of those commercial customers that are small businesses. And one that we didn't mention necessarily this morning, but it is schools. I mean schools are I think make up 12% of our commercial business. And in some states -- and I hate to even think about this, but in some states schools haven't returned. So -- and that's grade schools that's high schools and that's universities. That's a big part of our commercial business. It's a part of our industrial business as well. But when it's 12% of your commercial business, it makes a difference. And you're simply not able to price increase customers, who either haven't returned or have returned sparingly. So we think schools are a huge focus at the state level and the federal level and that they -- so the kids need to get back into school and so, I think you'll see the schools reopen fully as we get through the vaccine and we see that at the back half of the year. 
Jim Fish: Yes that sure seems like a logical conclusion to me. I mean it feels like this economy is ready to really take off like a space shuttle. And so we're seeing some indications of that. Probably our C&D line of business from a volume perspective is the best indicator. That had been down -- way down in Q2, I mean double-digits down. And for the fourth quarter, our C&D volume in Orlando was up 5.5%. So that's starting to tell me -- and that's probably one of the best leading indicators that we have in terms of volume that tells me that things are -- or the pump is primed and it's ready to go.
Jim Fish: I'm not sure John, of what percentage -- we can get to the percentage for water sewer trash. Suffice to say, it has gone up. In fact we've seen -- I've seen a couple of contracts come across my desk where we are -- where we won the bid and we've increased them off of some of these indices that really weren't representative of our cost structure to water sewer trash. But I don't know John, the exact percentage. We can get you that percentage for you. 
Jim Fish: Michael to one of the earlier questions about, does the economy feel like there's a lot of momentum behind it that's ready to really take off? Once we get past this, I think the answer is, yes. We just -- because we don't have a ton of control over that. That's the one that we don't have really much control over, which is volume because of this -- when the pandemic starts to -- the effects that start to lessen. So if your question is about is there conservatism in this volume forecast of 1.5%? I would tell you that the answer is probably more likely, yes than no, but it's -- it is largely dependent on when this reopening comps. But as I said to the earlier question, I absolutely believe that that's a logical conclusion that this economy will be ready to take off once we get past it.
Jim Fish: Michael, I certainly can do the math and get there. I think we saw lull in late November and December. But the good news as I mentioned earlier is that through the first six-or-so weeks been encouraged by what we've seen on the volume front. Now six weeks does not make a trend. But to your question and relative to Q1 we feel pretty optimistic through the first six weeks anyway in terms of volume.
Jim Fish: And then I'm not sure Michael how much of kind of, I mean, your very first question is factored into your math there, which is an economy that grows at a faster pace than the normal economy because of this reemergence. I don't know how much of that's in there but we do believe that's real. We just haven't put it into 2021 yet.
Jim Fish: I guess, it's -- I'm not sure I would say, I love inflation, but yes, I get your point. I mean, we are good at passing it through our pricing mechanisms. And so while we -- and look maybe the best example of that has been landfills where we've seen inflation on the cost side of our landfills for probably two years. And as a result, we've started to get quite a bit better on pricing at the landfill and at the transfer station. So we do expect that inflation has been extraordinarily low for quite a long time. I don't know that that lasts for a lifetime. So I think we will see inflation tick back up certainly on the commodity side. And -- but we will do a good job of making sure that gets passed through and then add some margin to it through pricing programs.
Jim Fish: Yeah. Michael, I think, it's probably -- it's still a little bit early in that game. There's a lot of discussion around PFAS but -- so I'm not sure that -- it's not that we don't have a strategy from a lobbying standpoint. We do have a team in D.C. that is looking at this closely. But I guess the main thing I would say about PFAS is that, while some people are looking at it as a cost we're looking at it as an opportunity for us. I think it goes back to I think to the original premise of your question, which is, if something changes environmentally through EPA as a result of the new administration and part of it might be PFAS, how does that affect us? And we think, it actually has potentially a positive impact and that's why we're looking at it as an opportunity, as opposed to just a cost.
Jim Fish: I guess that's possible. I mean, I guess, what I can tell you with 100% certainty is we're not doing any more big solid waste acquisitions, because I -- part of the reason that this took as long as it did was COVID-related. Part of it was just the complexity of it. I mean, it was a complex transaction in a space where both companies played a major role. We're number one in the space and ADS was number four. So, there was a lot of complexity. There was a lot of work to be done with DOJ. And so I really don't expect that, at least WM would do another large solid waste acquisition in North America. We'll do tuck-ins. And to Devina's point about, $100 million is where we think we'll come in this year. So I think we can continue to do tuck-ins. And then, as far as our strategy for M&A going out, I think what we've all chosen to do is just really focus right now on the integration of ADS. And once we feel comfortable that that's been well integrated then start to think about what acquisitions look like in the years beyond 2021, 2022.
Jim Fish: Okay. Thanks. And just to wrap-up today, look, there have been so many challenges in this year that we've all faced and that of course includes, -- and thank you by the way for all of your comments, about what's going on in Texas this week. I mean, honestly, for those of us here it felt like Hurricane Harvey part two a little bit. A lot of damage to homes, including my own house and a big, big percentage of the state without power, without water et cetera. Not sure that it needed to be that way honestly, but it was. And so, I guess the positive coming out of it is that it tells me that the human spirit is alive and well. We -- and we at WM or in our personal lives, we take care of each other during these difficult times. And so, thank you to all of our 50,000 teammates, that's -- for all you do each and every day. And thanks to all of you on the call, for joining us this morning. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Devina Rankin: No. And the real thing there Hamzah that we're focused on is purchase price allocation impacts to depreciation are difficult to predict. And while we have a really strong view of the purchase price allocation with our 12/31 close, that's something that can get adjusted throughout the next several months. And so the depreciation impacts are something that we'll get better clarity on over the course of the year. But that's one of the things that created noise in EPS and one of the reasons we elected not to guide on that front. 
Devina Rankin: Certainly. So – and you are absolutely right, there are puts and takes but we still see good strong margin expansion on that path toward 30% that I know that we consistently talk about. The organic revenue and EBITDA growth of our core solid waste business we see improving 30 to 50 basis points in the year ahead. That is going to be partially offset by some known cost headwinds and then also a very intentional increased technology spend level. The increase in technology spending specifically has about a 30-basis-point impact on the margin measure and about a $50 million impact on EBITDA dollars. In terms of the other puts and takes, I would say recycling from a margin perspective, isn't actually one of the things that's contributing to the margin either expansion or detraction. And that's because for us we have the recycling brokerage business, which tends to offset the margin expansion that we see in the traditional MRF business. So as we see the operations improve on the MRF side, we tend to see a little bit of dilution from growth in our brokerage business which is a very good return on invested capital business for us it dilutes margin. On the renewable energy side, there will be some margin expansion and that was strong in the fourth quarter and something that we are basically including in our 2021 guidance based on how we finished the fourth quarter of 2020. So potentially some upside there, if we see RINs prices continue to escalate from where we ended the fourth quarter. And then with regard to the ADS acquisition, I want to pause on that one for a moment. Fourth quarter EBITDA margin was 18.5% for the ADS business. That's below their run rate of 24.5% on a WM measurement basis. As a reminder ADS's EBITDA margin included some adjustments for both share-based compensation and accretion that Waste Management doesn't take in its own EBITDA measure. So, on an apples-to-apples basis ADS's margin was 24.5%. And we have strong confidence that, we'll get them up to about 28% in 2021, and then continue the march to WM levels from that point on.
Devina Rankin: That repays the burden for 2021 and 2022. So the entire $120 million that we had been deferring over the second and third quarters was repaid in Q4.
Devina Rankin: I think it's a great question and there is no doubt that producing the free cash flow and EBITDA that Waste Management did in 2020 in the face of a global pandemic is a strong affirmation of the strength and resiliency of this business. And so arguably it certainly could position Waste Management to consider a higher leverage ratio than we had historically. That being said our focus on that long-term range of 2.5 to three times is both considering through-cycle financial position that we look to achieve and also establishing financial flexibility for strategic opportunities. And so we want to be sure that we aren't just positioned to weather a storm so to speak but that we're also positioned to be opportunistic to grow the business over the long term. And that's why we think that 2.5 to three times is the right level for strategic value for value creation for shareholders.
Devina Rankin: Yeah. I think it's a great question, and it's one that we've been evaluating. I think the most important element of this for us is that we've been a competitive wage payer as a company for many years. And so, while a minimum wage could certainly effectively raise the tide with regard to where wages are we see that as something that wouldn't disproportionately impact our business and instead is something that we are ahead of in many respects because of where our wages have been historically. It's certainly something that we see the ability to consider if we see that raising -- that rising tide impacts our cost structure, it's something that we would respond to on the price side of the business.
Devina Rankin: Yes. So the $2.2 billion that you remark on is a good place for us to start. I think when we think about EBITDA growth always being the biggest contributor there certainly have strong outlook for EBITDA in the year ahead with a 10% to 13.5% increase on a year-over-year basis. In addition to that, we expect the about $90 million benefit from lower cash interest that I mentioned. Cash taxes will increase with those two items going in the opposite direction and we estimate that to be about $125 million to $150 million. There will be a benefit from the fact that the company, paid the transaction cost that is in your $2.2 billion base. So I want to be sure to point that out because the ADS transaction costs are something that we adjusted for and coming to that $2.2 billion. We will have a slight increase in the money spent on the enterprise resource planning that we've discussed. We expect that to go up $15 million on a year-over-year basis. So all in all that's what gets you to your cash from operations increase in the ballpark of $500 million to $600 million. We've got a capital expenditure increase of around $150 million to $250 million. And then proceeds from divestitures we're not forecasting anything significant there have given our traditional range of $50 million to $100 million.
Devina Rankin: And EBITDA for the renewable energy business was up about $50 million in 2020. What's important to note is that that wasn't all price-related. Some of that was our intentional investment as Jim mentioned that we've been making over the last three to four years. So there was volume and price acceleration in 2020 that provided about $50 million of EBITDA growth. And we see about a $10 million to $15 million improvement in 2021 based on where RINs prices were at the end of 2020.
Devina Rankin: The way that I would look at that Michael is our volume guide at the macro level for 2021 is about 1.5% volume growth. Clearly a lot of that is built into the second quarter just coming off of the very low base of Q2. We do see some upside in the back half of the year. From a service interval perspective, I wouldn't say that we took that volume guidance to the different parts of -- different lines of business specifically such that I can bifurcate what of that is commercial or industrial. But what we looked at based on how our cost structure responded in 2020, we think that the contribution margin of that volume is around 45% in the year ahead.
Devina Rankin: So we have expectations for the ADS business a little north of what you just projected. We have the $50 million increase in technology that I mentioned earlier that is not part of your bridge. And then we have the known cost headwinds that I mentioned. So you can think of those being specifically related to health and welfare costs risk management costs and incentive compensation. Those are about $100 million in the aggregate. So those are the pieces of the bridge in addition to what you outlined.
Devina Rankin: Yes. The only thing -- so I agree with you 100% that working capital and ADS free cash flow directly to free cash flow. The technology additions that we've mentioned you would have the tax effect. That's the only other item that I would clarify on what you just did, but otherwise I think we're in the same place.
Devina Rankin: And the thing I'd add to that is there's leverage on that as we see better execution with technology to optimize the back-office processes, we've talked about as John and team drive the organization to be more efficient on the road every day. So we've seen tremendous operating and SG&A leverage that helps us to combat inflation. And so those things give us leverage in an inflationary environment as well.
Devina Rankin: Yeah. I would tell you, it's too early for us to tell at this point. The one thing that we did and we've mentioned, from the time that we laid everything out, at Investor Day was accelerate some of the technology spend. And that acceleration of technology spends is one of the things that has kind of put a little bit of downside pressure on the growth rate, in EBITDA that we had talked about. But we expect that to provide an acceleration of the returns coming as soon as 2022.
John Morris: Kyle no, I think I would tell you 90-plus days in I think we're right on track. I think there's been no real surprises. The things that we've encountered have all been things frankly that we've contemplated. We did have the benefit of a longer timeframe getting ready for it. But I would tell you that, I think we're exactly where we should be in fact probably a little bit ahead. As you heard in my script the one area that will take total Q2 to get going in terms of synergies is on the routing side and that has as much to do with data and system migration as it is anything else. And in addition there's some technology improvements that we're making right now in the ADS fleet to be able to take advantage of all the processes that we have in place to drive efficiency. But I would tell you I'm very, very pleased with where we're at so far. 
John Morris: I would tell you certainly in the Houston area right now it's been a rough couple of days and this is not nearly a part of the country that deals with this kind of stuff very well as evidenced by what's happening here. But I think outside of Houston, we don't have a real feel for what is going to -- how significant it's going to be going forward outside of really Texas. 
John Morris: Well, what I would tell you is, how in my prepared remarks we talked about $40 million of benefit being generated in that line of business in 2020. I would tell you, we still obviously have work to do in 2021. I don't – we're not going to get there in 2021. And frankly some of the other hills, we're having to climb around COVID and the weights hopefully that's going to moderate in the back half of the year as things, as Jim mentioned, if vaccines get out there and things start to moderate to whatever to normal. In the back half of the year, we're also going to have a better view of what the residential weights are going to look like long term. What I would tell you is not lost in that mix is the fact that our price and yield in residential continues to be strong despite what's going on with CPI, and we've talked about that for the last handful of years. And the other part that's part of that equation is while we talk about the recycling business improving a big piece of the recycling business affects residential. So when you look at those margin improvements, we're overcoming some of those other headwinds that weren't there when we started this initiative so to speak.
John Morris: Well, I think Jeff in terms of sustainability when you really look at where we bottomed out in Q2 and then you look at Q3 and Q4, while the volume declines have essentially been cut by more than half we've still been able to keep a proportionate amount of overtime. And it's really just us being really focused on making sure as volumes fluctuate we optimize each day and each week when it comes to the people and the assets. The operating team is doing a really good job of holding on to that as we bottomed out. And then as we've come back we've just been able to maintain that same level of discipline about making sure that we're maximizing each day and each week on an asset basis.
John Morris: Well, I think if you look at the trend -- we didn't break it out by line of business. But I think overall if you look at the trend from again where we bottomed out to where we finished the year, the second half of the year Q3 trends into Q4, I think you follow those forward proportionately with each of the lines of business. So one area Jim commented on in his script was really around post-collection pricing both at the landfill and transfer station. We've talked about that quarter-in and quarter-out. We continued even through the pandemic to show strength and resiliency in those two buckets. And I commented on residential and that has been even pre-pandemic a real focal area for us. And while it did moderate a bit in the bottom of the pandemic we've shown progress out of that. So I think we feel comfortable with at least that 4% going into 2021.
John Morris: Yeah. Jeff, we said we were probably in the high 60s approaching 70% the last time we chat. And I would still tell you we're hovering a little bit better than that right in the 70% range. And as Jim mentioned, the real gap there is just around those businesses have to return. It's really hospitality the reference to Wrigley Field, travel, lodging those kind of things. So I think the good news is that if you look at how well the business performed even without a lot of those small businesses being back online we feel very confident. As those businesses come back, we'll emerge from this even stronger. I would tell you we're -- when you look at our margin performance relative to that as well I think that's also a testament to how well we performed. And as Jim said, -- to Jim's comment, this is a reopening story I think for the industry and specifically for us. We feel very confident about how the business performs as things start to reopen really in the back half of the year.
John Morris: So what we've traditionally said is about 40% of our revenue is somehow indexed. I think the better metric to look at is really what we've done on core price and yield within residential over really the last six or seven quarters. I'm looking at Devina to make sure. We've shown progress in each and every quarter including three to four and throughout 2020 and we expect that absolutely to continue in 2021. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we did shed a little bit of business here in 2020. But as I've mentioned in a number of these calls, if it doesn't meet our margin and return criteria we're comfortable doing that. It's not our intent, but we're going to make sure that we deploy our capital to where we get reasonable returns and margins.
John Morris: I don't know if I'd go back to 2019. What I would look at is where we bottomed out in Q2 and what our overtime percentages we're going into that and how we've come out of it. To me that's really been the barometer as this volume declines have really come back more than half in commercial and industrial. As for obvious reasons residential is a little different. But we've been able to outpace the volume increases if you will from an overtime perspective, for us to be down mid-teens and overtime with still 5%, 6%, 7% volume declines is pretty impressive. So I don't know about 2019. David I think the better barometer for us is how we've done in 2020 and how we progressed from the peak of volume decline to where we are now. And I think as I mentioned that's what gives us confidence going into 2021 and then add in the benefit of us getting into the integration of the ADS customers after we migrate the data here in Q2. All those things I think add up to a really positive outlook for us on the OpEx side.
John Morris: The only thing I would add there with the new administration, I think two things that the new administration will deal with is the RVO, which is a Renewable Volume Obligation and a small refinery exemption, which are two buckets that have really driven RIN pricing in the past, right because there's been a lack of clarity on that. And I think if they stabilize both of those, we're going to see some more stability in RIN pricing, whether it stays at $2.50 or whatever. But I think we'll see more stability and I think that's going to help inform us where we deploy our own capital.
John Morris: And Jim, the one example, I gave is if you think about contaminated soil. That's a place where this PFAS resides, regularly. And we look at our landfills, as being a perfect solution for that, with the right technology on the back end.
John Morris: I would only add Devina is that, when you think about, when and how we bought ADS, they were very similar to us in terms of the volume declines. They were suffering through Q2 and Q3. So as Jim talked about, in the traditional business being a reopening story we think there's obviously some leverage of ADS business, now tucked in reopening and us getting the same lift out of that.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much and I appreciate you staying on here this long. I want to just touch on the service interval trend assumption in your model. What I think I heard correctly is you did – you had a favorable improvement in 4Q but you're not assuming it continues to improve favorably. It's stable and therefore that's upside if the housing cycle converts into new business formations.
Michael Hoffman: Right. And yes that's where I was getting to is the history is household formation drives new business formation. We're at $1.5 million and change start $300,000 more than it's been for five years. At some point here the empty storefront gets backfilled.
Michael Hoffman: You needed a dry cleaner. You need another drugstore or what have you. And that's a box and that's service interval growth. That was the way to think about it.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. So last one and I know you and I do this all the time, you wants to find your baseline free cash is $2 billion. And I just want to ask is am I looking through the lens correctly on what I think your own self-help opportunities are that ADS brings in $150 million to $200 million. Eventually working capital has the potential for $150 million to $200 million. IT is another $75 million. So there's a $375 million to $475 million baseline upside. I get it might take a couple of years to get all of that before I even introduced 5% to 6% annual recurring growth in the cash. Am I thinking through this correctly? And if I am all of that self-help, I don't need anything to happen in the macro. That's something you can do. 
Michael Hoffman: Yes. Well that to me just takes your baseline growth rate of -- if it's five six it turns into a six to eight. That's what I think.
Michael Hoffman: Right. That offsets your internal cost inflation and then the incremental leverage on inflation to your price spread just drives incremental, margin expansion and free cash flow growth.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. All right. Thank you very much for taking my questions. And I hope everybody is safe down there [Indiscernible] weather.
