David P. Steiner: Yes, Scott, as you know, weather does have a big effect on our business. And I think everybody's been hearing, for example, retailers talk about how the first quarter was helped by good weather and so they actually see their volumes go up. We're a little bit different. When the weather is harsh and volumes go down, we don't generally see pent-up demand and see more waste as the weather gets worse. I expect it to be the same way here, which is just because folks went out and shopped more, it doesn't mean that they're getting rid of their waste and there's going to be less waste going forward. So we probably aren't as affected by weather as some companies. So I don't expect it to have a big negative effect in the second quarter. In other words, I don't think that people did their business in the first quarter and they're going to stop doing business in the second quarter. So the weather certainly helped us in the first quarter. I don't see it hurting us in the second quarter, and we haven't seen any evidence of that in volumes going forward in April. So from our perspective, it's great news that we saw the volumes turn positive at 0.4%, workday adjusted. We're expecting to see about that kind of level for the rest of the year and, frankly, to see about the same kind of mix, right? We still continue -- we expect to see strong landfill volumes, strong special waste volumes and to see the overall volumes grow slightly.
David P. Steiner: When I look at the economy, I think we all would agree that the economy is sort of slow and steadily improving. You know that we generally sort of lag the economy. And so even if we saw a dramatic change to the economy, I wouldn't see our volumes dramatically change over the next few quarters. So I think we're pretty confident that we're going to see positive volumes for the full year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, from a competitive point of view, I don't think we've seen a big change. Look, as you all know, this has always been a very competitive business, and you see some pockets of more competitive actions throughout the country. In some places, you see a more rational behavior. So I haven't seen a dramatic change during the course of the year. And then on the CPI front, it's interesting when we look at the yield -- and it's very important to note that we basically got these 2 big components of yield, what we would call the core price increases on the commercial and industrial customers, and those are running just like we want them to. The problem is that we're losing some money on the other side. It happens to be the same way on the residential line of business. So we're expecting to get a pickup in the back half of the year from CPI, but some of that pickup gets given away as we've made some small price concessions to renew contracts for a longer term and as we've seen sort of the service offerings to municipalities change. So we won't see a dramatic pickup from CPI in the back half of the year, but certainly it's going to support the pricing programs.
David P. Steiner: Yes, it's a great point. I've always said to a certain extent, the high fuel prices are our friends because we have a fuel surcharge that generally covers it. As you know, this quarter, we were $0.01 behind on fuel, net of our fuel surcharge. But the small local competitors that don't have a fuel surcharge have 2 choices, make less money or raise their prices. I wouldn't say that's had a dramatic effect. A lot of -- yes, I think fuel surcharges have become a lot more common across the entire industry, whether it's the national players or the small local folks. And so I wouldn't say, Vance, that we've seen a dramatic change in their behavior. But as you know, the longer fuel stays up high, the more they're going to have to react to it. So I would think, over time, it can't but help the pricing programs.
David P. Steiner: Yes, for us, it's interesting because I think everybody has seen a little bit of improvement on the construction side. But for us, we've been talking a lot lately about customer-focused growth, and the positive roll-off volumes for us is a perfect example of customer-focused growth. We've got our oil field environmental services segment now that didn't exist 2 years ago because customers weren't asking for it. And then as you've seen, drilling for natural gas in the Marcellus Shale and other areas of the country, you've started to see need for both solid waste and liquid waste disposal. That was a business that 2 years ago didn't exist. This year, we'll do north of $100 million in revenue in that line of business. Most of it is going to be in roll-off. So for us, it's a matter of saying, "Okay, if there's not going to be a big construction turn, how are we going to put these assets to use and what do our customers need?" Our oilfield environmental services has been a great addition to our business. It started primarily in our Eastern group but now spreading across the country, and it's great work at great margins.
David P. Steiner: Yes, absolutely. And you're absolutely right when you talk about the margins. I think everybody that's followed this business since I took over as CEO knows that one of the core fundamental metrics that we focus on at this company is expanding our margins. And so it's absolutely frustrating to see them going backwards. I would say a couple of things. First, just when you start to make some progress on the cost side and you start to see progress on the volume side, you see the commodity side go backwards. So of the 150 basis points of margin deterioration, 100 of it is from waste-to-energy and recycling. Pure, simple commodity prices, not a heck of a lot we can do about that if we want to stay in those businesses. And increasingly, recycling is a business that you have to have in order to meet customer needs on the solid waste side. So of the 150 basis points, 100 basis point slides out the door right there. Another 70 basis points slide out the door with the Oakleaf acquisition, because until we fully monetize that -- basically, what's going on right now is we want to keep that third-party vendor network together so that we can increase landfill volumes and let them maintain the collection volumes. But that takes a lot of negotiations with a lot of vendors. And that's not going to happen until sort of the third quarter of this year. So it's been a little slower integrating those folks, frankly, than we had expected. But you basically got very low-margin brokerage business that we're maintaining because we don't want to put that volume on our trucks. We want to put it into the third-party vendor network as long as that third-party vendor network brings volumes to our landfills, where we get higher margins. So that's 170 basis points right there between commodity prices and Oakleaf. If you don't have that, you've got positive margins. And then you got another 20 basis points of fuel. Again, not a heck of a lot we can do there, but we -- our revenue goes up because fuel goes up, but it doesn't have a dramatic effect on our earnings because of the fuel surcharge. And so you got 190 basis points, a little over it when you round them up, basically 200 basis points of margin deterioration in areas that we can't do a heck of a lot about, without which, obviously, we would have a nice expansion of margin. So look, at some point in time, we're looking to see all this stuff pull together and be positive. That some point in time is the back half of this year when we start to see the effects of the commodities turn positive and when we see the Oakleaf integration coming forward. Fuel, we can't do anything about, but as we start to see that, we should see the margin start to turn around again.
David P. Steiner: Yes, absolutely. We've got -- so we've made non-core investments both in conversion technologies and then in alternative energy. And we've also made some investments in traditional carbon-based energy assets, right? And so when we talk about monetizing some of those assets, I'm looking forward to monetizing those assets because we've been investing in them over the last 3 years. But we will not monetize those assets in such a manner that it would give up our strategic advantage, right? And so obviously, if we monetize some of our carbon-based assets, that doesn't have a dramatic effect on our strategy. As far as the conversion technologies go, we could monetize some of those, given an opportunity, while still maintaining the commercial relationships that we have, which is what gives us the competitive advantage.
David P. Steiner: Yes, container weights for us were slightly down, Michael. Nothing dramatic and not really different from the trend that we've seen over the last -- frankly, over the last 2.5 years. So we've always said that if you look at our business, you'll really know the turn is here when MSW turns positive and when commercial volumes turn positive. MSW obviously has been positive now for 2 quarters. We still haven't seen that turn on the commercial business. And quite frankly, looking forward during the course of the year, I'm not sure we'll see a turn in the commercial business. It's getting better, but it's stubbornly slow. And we still don't see -- looking at the volumes at least for the beginning of the second quarter, we certainly don't see any real big pickup on the commercial side.
David P. Steiner: Yes, on the industrial side, you've got a lot more regional differences. The commercial side, not as much. But on the overall business, the East and the Midwest is certainly performing. We've talked about it over and over, which is this is an interesting recession in that -- because it was driven by housing. Usually, the West and the South is sort of our last-in/first-out. This one was a little bit different. They were first-in, they're going to be the last-out because it's driven by housing, which in the South and the West is much bigger than in the East and the Midwest. So right now we're seeing the Midwest perform as well as they have ever performed, both on a price and a volume perspective. The East is doing a spectacular job, not only managing the business but growing the business in the new lines like through the Marcellus Shale. And then the South and the West, frankly, continue to struggle with volumes because we just haven't seen that turn in housing yet.
David P. Steiner: Yes, special waste has been the big driver now for a number of quarters. I mean, we've seen some great growth in special waste over the last 6 quarters. We've got a good pipeline going forward, so we expect special waste to continue to be strong throughout the year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I think that's fair. And again, special waste is pretty dramatically different between the groups. You see a much stronger both growth and pipeline in the Midwest and the East than you do in the West and the South.
David P. Steiner: No, I think you're exactly right, Michael. And it's what we've been preaching since the day I joined, which is we focus much more on return on capital than we -- if we had one metric to focus on, it would be return on capital. That is what drives value in the business. And look, I think this is an industry that 2 things have happened to over the last few years. You see a much greater movement toward diversion assets, which have lower margin and -- but higher return on capital, right? And you've seen landfill volumes come down fairly dramatically, which, when you have a huge capital base, drives down return on capital. So I think everybody knows that our strategy is to make sure that we're meeting customer needs with the diversion asset. And the good news is those diversion assets happen to have a great return on capital, although they are going to have a lower margin generally.
David P. Steiner: Well, I can't read French, so I haven't been able to read the agreement myself. Frankly, we don't comment on any particular acquisitions, Michael. So we'll -- obviously, we'll do what we think is the right thing for Waste Management.
David P. Steiner: Yes, so again, when we look at landfill pricing, we focus predominantly on MSW, right? And when you look at MSW on a per unit basis, it's running at about 2.5%, which is pretty consistent with where we've been over the last few years.
David P. Steiner: Yes. Obviously, it's a little early to start thinking about 2013, but the basic assumption that we have for that is it basically goes to what happened this quarter. The assumption that we have is that we're not going to see a drag on yield from our WMRA and our Wheelabrator operations. And those should abate into 2013 as the comps get easier. The assumption is that we're going to integrate our Oakleaf business into our business, and we're not going to see margin deterioration from that. And obviously, we never assume that fuel is going to go up or down in our margin calculation. So whether we get a benefit or a detriment from that, we wouldn't expect that to happen. And so again, if those hadn't happened in this quarter, you would have seen that 50 basis points of margin expansion. Add on top of that the cost programs, our yield programs and volumes turning positive and you can see where the margin expansion comes from. Obviously, that's easy to say but we've got to see some improvement in our waste-to-energy and our recycling operations. And the harder part is we've got to get the vendor network integrated into the Waste Management network for Oakleaf.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I think what you're seeing in the press release schedules is actual tons that we generate, or that we collect, versus our IRG calculation, which is the organic growth that we have, right? And so the press release would include acquisitions. It includes intercompany volumes, which are not included in our IRG calculation. So that's what explains the difference. So when we look at -- when we do our, what we call our IRG volume calculation, which was basically 0.4% workday-adjusted, that is the organic growth in our volumes in the business.
David P. Steiner: Thank you. We said when we gave full year guidance that we thought the first quarter was going to be a little bit backwards because of the headwinds, and it played out just exactly as we expected it to play out. So it was a very solid start to the year, but the hard work of the year is still ahead of us. But I'm very confident that we have the right team to execute our initiatives to meet our full year goals. And with that, we'll see you next quarter.
Steven C. Preston: Yes, I mean, this is Steve. Yes, procurement hits a number of things. We've worked through contracts in third-party transportation, on the IT side, on the telecom side, and it really goes through a number of our spend categories and it continues to ramp up through this year. So it's really no one area. We're looking really across a number of spend categories and continue to layer on additional categories. I think we mentioned in the quarter, it was about $0.01 a share. We can -- we expect that year-over-year benefit to continue even though we began to recognize some of that late last year. So it's going to be a pretty consistent contributor, very significant in absolute dollars but also significant in terms of year-over-year benefit.
Steven C. Preston: I think it will run in that range on a year-over-year benefit. But by definition, that means it's going to grow throughout the year. Now if you look at some of the other things we're doing, and I think we discussed this, but there is a portion of that that's going -- that's being funneled back into other initiatives. And I think what we've described in the past, when we look at our transformation agenda, there are really 3 components to it: you've got purchasing goods and services more effectively, which is the procurement piece; you have delivering our services in the field more effectively and efficiently, which is where we talk about onboard computers and improving our routing efficiencies; and then over time, becoming more streamlined in the back office. Obviously, a company this size has very significant back office functions. So procurement is really the lead vehicle in that 3-stage operational transformation. Right now, we're investing heavily as well in that field-based transformation, which we think is really where a lot of the excitement goes because it's not only cost-based, it actually improves our effectiveness in the field; it helps us to be more customer-centric; we can be more responsive with our services. So there's a much broader benefit there. And then beyond that, we think, just given the scope of our back office operations, that will be pretty significant as well. So I think net-net, as you get later in the year when all is said and done, the net contribution to the bottom line, you'll actually see a net positive in the back half of the year, certainly going into 2013. But there is going to be a re-funneling of some of that benefit into these longer-term initiatives, really through 2013.
Steven C. Preston: Yes, we do. We absolutely do. And one of the exciting things, I think, on the health care side, for example, is not only are we working to make that business more efficient, but we've had some very nice wins recently in that business. We're beginning to augment our service line by partnering with other people that do unique recycling or other services within the medical waste stream. And certainly, it has continued to support our ability to get MSW-type business with hospitals. So we think that's going to be, year-over-year, a pretty positive move in the right direction.
Steven C. Preston: Yes, this is Steve. I think we're seeing a pretty normal year in terms of that in the acquisition pipeline. I don't think there's anything notable beyond what we typically see. And so as a result, we really haven't anything out there that is different from what we typically see on the acquisition side.
Steven C. Preston: Yes, let me cover that one. This is Steve. What we saw in the first quarter -- if you look at the first quarter of last year, working capital in our cash flow is much more favorable than this year, okay? And there are a couple of things -- and that had a heavy impact on our first quarter cash flow. So that's what we wanted to call out. What we wanted to call out was even though there was a significant impact in the first quarter, as we get into the year, some of the factors that drove that working capital use will actually come much more in line and sort of even out throughout the year. One of those things, for example, is we had a payroll at the end of the quarter, and that increased our use of cash by $30 million. That obviously evens out throughout the year. We also had some other timing issues. And so because it was such a significant swing from first quarter last year to first quarter of this year, we wanted to highlight it. And certainly, as we get into the year, when we think about working capital management, it really is pretty much about receivables and payables, and we just -- we're going to be focusing very heavily on managing those items throughout the year.
Steven C. Preston: I think if you look at the Oakleaf tons increasingly throughout the year, we think they're primarily going to be landfill tons, and a portion of those will be going to our landfills. And just to kind of expand on what David said, a big focus for us right now is to negotiate with that network of third-party vendors so that if we're giving them a ton of Oakleaf business, they're hopefully going to then bring us -- we'll be negotiating for them to bring us 3 tons of overall landfill business. So we're working hard to improve the ratio there and to make sure that we're maximizing the back-end volume in the landfill. Now this time next quarter, we'll have a much better window into what that looks like because we are right now in the middle of kicking off negotiations with many of those vendors. It's taking a little bit longer because it occurs one vendor at a time. We're taking great efforts and make sure we maximize the volume in each market and much more broadly taking great effort to make sure we establish the right long-term relationships with these vendors because beyond volume, there are a lot of other benefits that we can extract by working effectively with them. So I think you're going to see that volume coming in, some in the third quarter, much more in the fourth quarter, pretty much fully realized in the 2013. But it's not just going to be the Oakleaf volumes. It's going to be also additional volume that we get by entering the partnerships with these vendors.
