David P. Steiner: Yeah. If you look at the volumes for the quarter, we think that about 30 basis points of the improvement was attributable to the recycling volumes which, as we said, won't repeat in the following quarters, but that's okay because they're not profitable volumes. And then about 20 to 30 basis points we estimate would be the amount that was pulled forward sort of from the second quarter. It's always a question when you have – whether it's good weather or bad weather in the first quarter, do volumes disappear when you have bad weather or do they just get pushed into the second quarter? And the same is true with good weather. Did volumes get pulled in from the second quarter to the first quarter, or is it just more economic activity so that there's going to be more volume? And so before we adjust our full year guidance, we wanted to be a little bit more precise on what the – we wanted to give a fairly tight range. And so waiting until the second quarter seasonal uptick, I think, will allow us to sort say, okay, here's a more normalized look at what the volumes are going to be. We fully expect those to be positive in the second quarter. The question is how positive will they be.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Basically, what we saw in April was that collection volumes sort of continue apace. The landfill volumes come down a little bit. We had some one-time – the MSW volumes come down, look, the MSW volumes were really strong in the first quarter but we had a couple of one-time type items. So for example, some of the waste energy plants along the East Coast were down for maintenance and so some of those volumes came over to us into our landfills. And so we'd expect the landfill volumes to moderate a little bit. But they'll still – they'll continue to be strong. So, I would say that, so far, the trends are pretty much what we expect in the second quarter. We continue to see positive volumes and we'd expect that to continue throughout May and June.
David P. Steiner: Well, to be quite honest with you, I don't see any threats to the guidance. I see some opportunities on the upside. But if there was going to be a threat, clearly recycling is still a little bit volatile. We haven't seen the rebound in commodity prices that you'd expect to see. Look, our core price is pretty much locked and loaded for the year. I mean, that is going to happen. Once we saw the – when you see these volumes turn positive and you see that our addition rate's exceeding our defection rate, it's hard to see volumes turning backwards. And so the things that are under our control, I think there's only upside, no downside. I guess, really, the only potential downside would be in a general economic downturn, what would happen to volumes. But I think if there is a general economic downturn, it's not going to be led by housing like the last one was. And so we should see, at least, a six- to nine-month lag in any reduction in volumes. And so it's hard to see how 2016 can do anything other than meet or exceed our guidance.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. It is interesting to see that after the last economic downturn, you saw the trends completely switch from being Sun Belt driven to being more Rust Belt driven. And what we've seen over the last six to nine months, as you've seen it sort of revert back to what I would call a pre-recession economy where housing starts in Florida and throughout the Gulf Coast and then all the way into California are driving very strong results throughout the sunbelt. And you've seen the Sun Belt actually performing better than the Rust Belts. It's why we like having a diversified business. It works in any kind of economy. Obviously, right now, you're seeing the South do better than the North. But the North continues to drive improved profitability, it just happens to be a little bit stronger in the South. So from a geography point of view, I think you can sort of follow the housing trends and say that our business is following that, which is very strong from Florida through the Gulf Coast then into California. And then continued strength, but not as strong throughout the Midwest and East Coast.
David P. Steiner: We're not really reducing anything. We're actually increasing the number of trucks. It just moves us within the range, right? The range is $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and what we're spending on leachate treatment facilities is well less than the amount of the range. So we are not cutting back on capital for Yellow Iron, on capital for containers and capital for trucks we're actually increasing that from last year. So it really just moves us a little bit up in the range.
David P. Steiner: Well, Michael, at the peak, we did roughly 130 million tons into the landfill. Now we're probably looking closer to 110 million tons into the landfill. And so the strong MSW volumes, to me, are indicative that finally we're getting back to where – as in an industry, we're getting back to where we were pre-recession. Most other businesses are already above the volume levels that they were pre-recession. And so I don't see that moderating. I think that's just a reversion back to the norm.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Gosh, it's hard to see – again, we're still 20 million tons below where we were at peak. You're seeing a lot of municipalities take some types of materials out of their recycling streams. And so when I look at the future, I think there's more upside potential on the volume than there is downside potential.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Well maybe if you look at the pace of change between today and the great recession, yeah. I would think – I think it's you'd still see a couple years. And that's a couple of years of good solid, sort of 4% to 7% type volume growth at the MSW line.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Well, look, it's going to be slow to see any big results out of that. Look, the point here is that we've got to recover our landfill operating costs. The part of the problem is that a lot of those contracts are long term. And we're going to go out and start doing it in some test markets in the first quarter. we're not going to just go out and do it blanket across the country just to find out what does the reception look like. If we go out and do a 7% charge across the entire country, you're putting a lot of volumes at risk. And so we're going to go into a couple key markets and we're going to test it and see what the reaction is in the market. I think the whole industry is having the same problem. And so, I would expect the charge to be well received in the market. But we're going to test it this quarter and then we'll roll it out during the course of the year. But even at its peak, we don't think it's any more than $10 million to $15 million over the next couple of years, and that's on an annual basis just because we have so many contracts that are long term. But if we can get an additional $10 million to $15 million that at least goes a little bit of the way to cover in the increased leachate costs.
David P. Steiner: And so, basically what you got going on here, Michael, is two different things. Look, we had 11% additional volume going in there. So you've got naturally-occurring water from the volumes. And we've had positive volumes now for quite a few years so you get more liquid out of that. And then as you say, we've had more rain events. And so there's been a lot more fluid. But the bigger part of it, frankly, is that the cost to transport and dispose of the liquids has gone up fairly dramatically. And so we sort of had a double whammy, more liquids and higher cost to dispose.
David P. Steiner: And the important thing, Michael, is that the addition rate was 9.6%. And so you can see the rollover effect of that positive addition rate. We always follow the rule of 72 here and you can sort of see it as it creates that sort of annuity policy for us. That addition rate just continues to roll and roll and roll throughout the quarters. And so that's why we say it's hard to see our volumes going negative again because we've got that addition rate above the defection rate.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. No, look, I mean I think what we'd say is that we want to wait for the second quarter to understand the seasonal upticks. But if there's going to be an adjustment, it's certainly going to be an adjustment upward.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. When we looked at the beginning of the year, we thought we'd do $100 million, $200 million of tuck-ins. I would say that we're probably on pace for the lower end of that right now. And then obviously, we sort of used a mid-year convention for that. And then, of course, we got the SWS revenue. So we had, what, I'm sorry, $90-some-odd million become...
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Exactly. $92 million and then you'd take the divestures out. But I would guess that that $90 million run rate is probably good for the year.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Look, I would say the underlying business actually has changed fairly dramatically. I mean, you see it not only in our numbers but you see it in everybody's numbers. The roll off volumes right now have been nothing short of spectacular. And our roll off volumes doubled quarter to quarter, and that's with the energy services being down. And so roll-offs bench really strong. C&D has been very strong. MSW has been very strong. Special waste has continued to be nicely positive. And then on the commercial side, I think you're seeing sort of a cumulative effect of the new business in new commercial construction that we've seen over the last few years. So I really think the underlying trends in our business are as positive as they have been since 2007.
David P. Steiner: That's temporary roll off. We had a roll off season that started very early. We had unseasonably warm construction season. And virtually, across the board we heard from our folks out in the field that they're not able to – they don't have the trucks and the containers to meet the demand. So what do you do when you don't have capacity to meet demand? You add more trucks and drivers and you raise your price, and that's basically what we saw. And not only do you raise your price, but all of a sudden, those cans that are only being pulled once a month, you take them back and you put them out into another customer where they're pulled more often. And so we saw an unusually strong roll off season. And again, that's continued through April.
David P. Steiner: That's exactly right. I mean, I think you hit the nail right in the head. There is limited roll off capacity and it got stretched in the construction season. Not everywhere, it's regional. And so we haven't seen that slow down. And again, it's not just raising prices. It's making sure that you're getting the most efficient use out of that container and that driver and I think we've done a pretty good job of that out in the field of making sure that we're getting the maximum number of polls out of our can.
David P. Steiner: We've applied the environment charge at the landfill. Certainly not as much across the board as we have on the collection line of business. And that's why this one's going to be landfill focused. I mean, it really is a landfill particular problem. The environmental charge, when you look at our cost for environmental compliance that stretches across all aspects of our business. This is peculiar to the landfill. Again, I think if you look at everybody in the industry, you'd see both industry players and private players. You'd see that their leachate costs are going up. I mean, it's just a function of higher volumes and higher transportation cost. And so I think the industry has two choices, right? You either watch that return on capital shrink at the landfills, which it has been doing over the last few years or you do something to reverse it. We've decided to do this liquids management charge. I can't speak for anyone else, but that's the way we're going to drive that return on capital. Because look, we invest more capital on the landfill than any other single asset that we have. Now we've got to get the return on it.
David P. Steiner: No. I mean, I would say for the most part – again, the environmental charge is not widespread on our landfill customers. But for the most part, we've seen the market react quite favorably.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Well the couple of headwinds that we have going into back half of the year are the recycling volumes, right? And that was about a 30 basis point benefit in the first quarter. But if those volumes go negative like we expect them to go in the back half of the year, it's probably a little bit more of an effect because it will go from positive 3.1% to negative 2% in the back half of the year. So it could be a little bit more than 30 to 40 basis points. But the underlying macroeconomic trends that we see in the industrial and the commercial line are strong. And so I would expect – look, we've always said we don't look at volumes for volumes' sake. We look at volumes to try to add profitable volumes. And what I would say is that the trend line on the profitable volumes that we're going to add is going to be very positive throughout the rest of the year. Some of those negative volumes like landfills, maybe some residential contracts, some of those things might moderate the volume growth a little bit but I expect that we'll continue to see good strong growth in the landfill line and the industrial line and the commercial line.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. I don't think there's any doubt. I mean, when you see recycling rates going backwards over the last couple years, that material has to have an outlet. And I do think that some of that material is going clearly to the landfill.
David P. Steiner: And then in our California hazardous site, we actually did an acquisition, our EnviroServ acquisition out there. And so we saw pretty good volume growth there too.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. We said at the beginning of the year that we'd spend $600 million on the share buyback and I would expect that we would at least hit that number. We've talked about – we did $250 million in the first quarter, we've talked about doing another $250 million ASR this quarter. And so we'll certainly spend the $600 million. I think there's probably a little bit of upside to that number as we see the cash generation through the year.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. I think it's exactly right. When you look at the lines of business from a margin perspective going from top to bottom, you go landfill, commercial, industrial, residential, right? And when you see the predominant volumes coming into those – to the landfill and into the industrial side, and you saw 360 basis points of improvement on the commercial side. It's like I said, we don't go after volumes for volumes' sake. We try to go after the volumes that actually make money. So if we lose a little bit of volumes on recycling, lose a little bit of volumes on residential, I'm not going to tell you that we like that because they do generate some EBITDA, but when you look at it from a mix point of view and from a profitability point of view, I'd much rather be adding volumes on the commercial, industrial, landfill line than on residential and recycling.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. When we look at the Progressive deal, obviously, we couldn't do that because we have too much business in Canada. Certainly, I think Waste Connections, taking over that business is a very positive thing for the industry. Progressive, I would say, was a little bit more of an aggressive volume player than Waste Connections is. So I think it's only going to be positive for all the business in Canada. From our perspective, we did a large transaction in Montreal couple years ago. I think, I'd say about Canada exactly what Jim said about the United States. If we could find a good sized acquisition that's strategic for us and that's priced fairly, we'd go out and do it. But I think the same thing applies to Canada as does the United States. Right now, we just don't see those. A lot of the sort of what I'd call mid-sized acquisitions, call it in the sort of $500 million to $2 billion type, dollar range. A lot of those type of sellers right now expect too high a price for their business. And so, we have to pass on them for now. But I see that business certainly not being hurt by the fact that Waste Connections will be our new Canadian neighbor instead of Progressive.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Look, I think in a positive volume environment and particularly when the volumes are positive in the landfill and in the commercial industrial line, I don't think that 40% to 50% flow through is an unreasonable number.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. When you look at CPI on a core basis, you certainly see an improvement. But when you look on it on a universal basis, you've actually seen it flat to down because of lower energy prices. So we still think that in the back half of the year, CPI, which is about 40% of our business, CPI could be a headwind not a tailwind in the back half of the year. With respect to core price, we pushed up a lot of our price increases this year, and we're going to be anniversarying some mid-year type price increases we did last year. And so I don't expect the dollars to moderate during the course of the year, but I would expect that the actual number at core price and the number on yield would probably moderate a little bit. But we still wholly expect to be above that 4% core price, and at or above that 2% yield.
David P. Steiner: When you look at it, it's really geographies. I mean, the biggest expense we'll have this year is a geography where you have a water treatment facility at POTW that in the past has always taken leachate, not only from us but from a lot of other third party landfills around the area and they decided not to take leachate anymore. And so that's when Jim talks about cost going up by 500%, that's basically what happened and this geography. Our outlet for disposal basically disappeared, so now we have to find another outlet and it happens to be a lot further away. So in that type of case – and this is a fairly rural area in the Southeast, and so in most cases, if one POTW shuts you down, doesn't take leachate anymore, you can find another POTW. This happens to be in a more remote type area so you have to build your own treatment facility, but that's pretty unique to this geography.
David P. Steiner: We could if we wanted. I think it'll be fully utilized with our own capacity but we could if we wanted to. And then I think I'd just add a little bit to what David said. We don't expect to build these things across the country, across U.S. and Canada. We don't want in Eastern Pennsylvania, the one that he mentioned is in kind of the mid-Atlantic area, and we don't have any other plans to build them beyond those unless we see similar cost increases. But that is the concern and that's why we're proposing the charge here.
David P. Steiner: All right. Thank you, all. Obviously, we're off to a very strong start. We look forward to seeing the seasonal uptick in the second quarter and getting back to you with a more precise view of the full year at the end of the second quarter. But I would be remiss to say that when we get to report these good quarters, we as a senior team get to report the numbers. We still realize who produces the numbers, and that's our folks here at the corporate staff and our folks out in the field that are doing a spectacular job applying our strategies throughout the country. We will see you on the road, and we'll see you in the next quarter. Thanks.
James C. Fish: Andrew, I guess if you put those in dollar terms, last year one of the ways we looked at this was that last year's negative impact from weather was about $12.1 million in revenue and about $8.1 million EBIT. So I think it's fair to assume that we didn't have that weather impact this year. But as David said, it's hard to tell how much just moved from quarter to quarter and how much good weather actually expands volume or, on the other hand, bad weather contracts volume.
James C. Fish: Yeah, Jeff. One of the common questions that we get is about the strength of the industrial sector and we best measure that by looking at our special waste pipeline. When you look at special waste for the first quarter, it really didn't show a whole lot of impact from weather because in the month of January, we were actually down year-over-year about 4.5%. We were up about 1% in February, so pretty close to flat. And then March, we were up 6.1%. And when you look at April, April looks like it's up probably double March. So when you ask about the risk to EBITDA, one of the areas that is somewhat – it does fluctuate some is that special waste pipeline and it looks pretty encouraging right now.
James C. Fish: Yeah. We're probably going to be – you remember last year, we're $1.23 billion in CapEx. We gave the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion range. This year, we're probably going to be in the middle of that, maybe towards the higher end of it. Exactly what David said which is about 125 extra trucks, about $25 million additional capital invested in our Yellow Iron fleet which is, in some cases, has got some older equipment. And then putting in some wastewater treatment facilities, which we'll have the pay back to them but they have a big upfront capital cost.
James C. Fish: Yeah. I mean, that's the bigger concern is the last part of David's statement. When you look at some areas of the country, the unit cost of disposal of leachate has gone up 400% to 500%. So that's why we're talking about this charge. It's not related necessarily to the rain because – look, we could have a dry year at some point, too.
James C. Fish: Boy, on a percent of sales. And I don't normally look at it that way, but I think it'll moderate a bit because the primary driver of that is EBITDA. And while we thought EBITDA was fantastic, as David said in his opening comments, we need to see what EBITDA does or all of our financial metrics do when we transition from this pretty mild winter quarter into spring and summer. With that said – and even – honestly, Michael, when we look at this on an EPS basis, we were up $0.09 versus prior year. Historically, we've been up kind of $0.02 to $0.03 over the last five years, $0.02 to $0.03 per quarter. So $0.09 felt like a great quarter but also felt like we don't want to straight line that. So when I think of cash from operations I think we're going to wait, reserve comment until we see how that transition from the mild winter first quarter into the spring quarter, how it looks.
James C. Fish: And Michael, one last point on your question about cash from operations. When you say 22% of revenue, that includes the $67 million benefits to cash from operations from the termination of the SWAB. It includes the one last cash pay period that we had. We had a pay period that fell on January 1 this year, so we actually had – we paid it out on December 31, 2015. So we actually had one more cash pay period in 2015 and one less in 2016. So that 22%, even if we take out any effect of kind of a mild winter quarter, you still have a few things in that 22% that don't repeat.
James C. Fish: Well, look, our goal is to stay as close to flat as possible. But keep in mind, we added $90 million, $92 million in acquisitions, which came with some SG&A, primarily S right? A lot of the G&A has come out of those, but the S stays and that's a good thing for us. And similarly, the other half of our increase in dollars in SG&A was incentive compensation related to strong performance, so I look at that as being a good thing as well. One thing I would say is, in addition to saying that we will try to get as close to flat as we can is that on a percent of revenue basis, one kind of aspirational number we've had out there for probably a decade has been 10% on an annual basis. We were at 10.4% last year. I think we have a decent chance of getting to or below 10% for the year. So we'll shoot for flat, may not get there but I think we're getting pretty close to 10% for the year on a percent of revenue basis.
James C. Fish: It might be a little high just because we anniversary Deffenbaugh. So, what you're going to get is a full year of SWS, a full year of EnviroServ which is a little smaller out west.
James C. Fish: With a full first quarter of kind of gain, if you will, in Deffenbaugh, but then nothing in the second quarter. It's all kind of integrated in an anniversary.
James C. Fish: Yeah. First, let me correct one thing, what you saw was probably in Phoenix, and we moved – by the way, the difference between outsourcing and offshoring there/ They're still employees, we just have now employees at our own host office, back office indoor in India. So they're still considered employees, and are still carried under our payroll as opposed to true outsourcing there. But really, the big drivers of SG&A dollar increase, as I said to Michael, were acquisition related which we think is a good thing. We will make sure that we try and take as much of the kind of duplicate SG&A out of these acquisitions, as we always do. But the sales component is very important. I mean, if you think about Deffenbaugh, it was an area that we had no operations. If you think about EnviroServ, it's an area where we had operations but they had a niche business. So, the sales component of SG&A will stay on and is very important to us in terms of growing top line dollars. And of course, the other piece is just a true-up of incentive compensation plans.
James C. Fish: I would tell you, nobody is more cognizant of the danger of SG&A creep. When things look good on all other financial metrics, the one that can get away from SG&A. So as Jim said, we are scrutinizing every single not only head count addition but even replacements to make sure that we're only adding where we need to add and where it adds top line or bottom line.
James C. Fish: And it all sounds, Corey, like, when you talk about a 10% increase as if there's concern that we lose permanent roll off business and that's why David pointed out. But this is largely a microeconomic application of pricing to the temp roll off business as a function of strong, strong demand in certain geographies.
James C. Fish: Well, yes, to both. The coal ash was a driver. By the way, one last point on your first question. Landfill volume on a day adjusted basis was 10.3%, the unadjusted was 11.6%.
James C. Fish: So to answer your second question, coal ash was certainly a piece of it because we saw some scheduled maintenance done at Covanta and at Wheelabrator that did impact us. We also saw that the coal business, that Duke Energy contract we've talked a lot about, started to really kind of ramp up. We have three plants and all three of those are kind of fully up and running, and that was growing incrementally throughout 2015. But, I would tell you that those – I don't know, Jim, if you know the number for the coal ash piece.
James C. Fish: There's a couple things there on the leverage ratio and then capital allocation. The leverage ratio finished at 2.77, up a bit from the end of Q4 largely related to the acquisition of SWS. But we think for the year, we'll probably be in that 2.6 to 2.7 range. Long term we probably expand that range a bit and kind of call it 2.5 to 3.0 just to give us some opportunity there if we see a big acquisition that looks like it's strategic and reasonably priced, we may go after that. Unfortunately, at this point we don't see any of those out there. So we'll just go – when we think about capital allocation, we'll go with kind of the $100 million to $200 million in acquisitions. And then we'll maintain that leverage ratio, long term in that 2.5 to 3 range.
James C. Fish: Yeah. The fuel impact was, to be exact here, 13 basis points tailwind for us. When you think about fuel, we had about $32 million lower in fuel surcharge revenues, $33 million in fuel expense, so kind of a push there. And then when you factor in the lower fuel surcharges that we pay to third-party transportation providers, that's where you get the 13 bps of tailwind.
James E. Trevathan: Dave, I might add the issue of the economy itself. We still see positive container weights in the quarter. We have the last couple of quarters and our service increases are exceeding decreases six or eight quarters in a row. So that's pretty good economics on what's happening in North America.
James E. Trevathan: I would echo what the Waste Connections guys said this morning which is pretty strong growth universally across the country and in Canada as well, except where you have kind of big E&P operations, and those are weak. And so those areas of the country have been a little bit depressed, but the rest of the U.S. and Canada looks pretty strong.
James E. Trevathan: Agree. Absolutely agree. Michael, we also had – Dave mentioned the waste energy plants. We also had a couple of competitor landfills close during the quarter or during the – really, the second half of last year. And we've picked up a good portion, if not all of that volume at one of them. And that's helping that 12%, 13% MSW volume growth. That'll continue but some of the one-timers that David and Jim mentioned will not continue.
James E. Trevathan: Well, I'll tell you, Michael, we've touched 12% over the last couple of years and most of those numbers have been double digit. Those two quarters are the lowest in over a decade. So this is substantial for us in the process of retention, and we're making real headway in that regard.
James E. Trevathan: Michael, as you know, that addition rate and defection rate are based on number of customers. We're net positive in dollars as well and have been now for the third consecutive quarter. So that roll-forward effect will continue. Again, numbers matter. Number of new customers, but dollars are the ultimate measure.
James E. Trevathan: Well, yeah, I didn't do a good job of answering that, but that's – I think you're right. We feel good about the trend. We're not looking at a 22% trend because of the one-timers.
James E. Trevathan: Hey Al, if the concern is just the creep into our SG&A, we – Jim and I both and Dave are still on track. We look at all of increases or even replacements and make sure that the absolute right thing to do and there are very few of those on the sales side even, although, Jim is right, we retain the Deffenbaugh additions. We have added some sales heads in early 2015 but fewer in 2016. And we look at those on a return basis. Are they generating the value or we don't do them.
James E. Trevathan: I was going to say, if I can add to that, that doesn't diminish the increases that we're getting on the permanent business as well. It just says most of that came from the answer that Dave gave you.
James E. Trevathan: But that's a long-term issue, Tyler. We have that business in 2016 and we'll continue those projects. So that's not part of the one-time.
James E. Trevathan: They were improved year-over-year. We had a pretty good year-over-year improvement at the two Southern sites that had a event business given good weather that was larger than the prior years, event business. Especially at the Alabama site.
James E. Trevathan: And we'll continue to see that as we move some of that volume that's still going third-party as we get state approvals to bring them into Kettleman. That volume from that acquisition, will improve here, during the course of this year.
James E. Trevathan: Yes. In the second half of the last year. They were running but they had a very low rate in the first year (59:05).
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. Maybe one more point, Dave, is that on the resi side, when you renew a contract or you gain a contract, it's generally a capital outlay. So we look at return on that invested capital stronger there. Because the other lines of business are inherently strong on an ROI basis.
James E. Trevathan: I might – one clarification. We can but we would have to get a permit from the state that would allow us to accept third-party materials rather than just our own. The current permit does not allow that. So it's possible, it's just not part of the current plan.
Michael Hoffman: And is some of this leachate – you've had a very wet year, first quarter in the middle of the country where you have a lot of landfills.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. So, the good news is is your replacement costs have come down meaningfully because you've reduced the churn, so that's helped in the overall pricing as well and that anniversaries. So I got 2Q and 3Q, and then it anniversaries in the fourth quarter because you're around 9% in the fourth quarter.
Michael Hoffman: Well, yeah. Yeah. I get it. Because it significantly lowers the pressure on your pricing reported – yield because to replace that customer's much lower price than what you lost. So...
Michael Hoffman: Yeah. That was my question. I'm assuming the 22% benefited by the nonrecurrings, but your long-term average has been 17%. It appears you're trending better than your average even for the adjustment. So that's what I was trying to get at.
Michael Hoffman: Right. And which leads to – I get you're not raising guidance, but if you take the midpoint of your capital spending and your trend works up by a percentage point on cash flow from ops, we're beating free cash flow guidance, too.
