Devina Rankin: So Noah, I'll start with some comments about how we approach the volatility and then I'll turn things over to Jim so that he can cover the strategic overview with regard to how we're thinking about this portfolio. In the renewable energy space, we currently and expect to continue to manage the volatility by looking both at the very short-term market-driven prices and then long term, those attractive long-term contracts that you mentioned. So we participate on both ends of the spectrum and I would say almost anywhere in between, and we'll continue to assess what's best in order to both reduce volatility but then also optimize the returns of the portfolio and what you can see outlined in the press release that we provided. We're really happy with the return profile and the payback period when you see a 3-year payback period at the conservative levels that we've assumed. That indicates that even with the incremental volatility, we know the returns outpaced the solid waste acquisition returns that we've discussed.
Devina Rankin: Yes, sure. So commodities actually worked against us in the fourth quarter by 100 basis points, which is what John remarked to in his prepared remarks. So that's the recycling brokerage part of our business as well as fuel. And we expect that both of those impacts would continue into the first half of 2022. When I look at the remaining components of the fourth quarter, there were about 90 basis points of impact to margin in the quarter that aren't representative of our run rate. And so that's what gives us confidence in our outlook for the 28.1% to 28.5% EBITDA margin in the year ahead. Achieving 28.1% EBITDA margin in this year, integrating the ADS business and having the significant cost inflation that we had in the second half, we're really pleased with. We know that we have additional margin expansion opportunities, particularly with ADS synergy realization that ramped in the back half of the year. So we'll see that continue into 2022. We had some incentive compensation headwinds on a year-over-year basis. Those actually, on a year-over-year basis, were more significant than we expect to be in the way of rollover benefit in 2022. That rollover benefit could be as much as 40 basis points next year. So all in all, what I would tell you with respect to margin, when we compare WM's margin to industry margins, finishing this year at about 30% is a real accomplishment because that's been a target that we've all talked about for a long time. And using both recycling brokerage and the impacts of accretion that are adjustments for the rest of the space, we came in at exactly 30% for the full year and 28.9% for the quarter.
Devina Rankin: Yes, Tyler. So if you look at the year-over-year comps, Q2 of 2021, in particular, is a really tough comparison because that quarter, we had 29.3% margin. So what you outlined just now is exactly what our projections are. We'll be down about 100 basis points in margin on a year-over-year basis in the first half of 2022 and up 100 basis points to 140 basis points in the back half of the year.
Devina Rankin: And I think what's important is that the teams that are working on this are independent and not constrained by 1 another, right? So we're able to work on both things in parallel and move 2 really important parts of our business forward simultaneously. And they each have great returns and returns greater than we're even seeing on some of our core solid waste acquisitions, which makes us really confident in making these investments at the same time.
Devina Rankin: Yes. I would tell you that we're certainly not taking our eye off the ball or the amount of focus that we have as an organization away from core solid waste acquisitions. And we're not seeing significant constraints with respect to DOJ pressure or anything like that outside of what we discussed when we were closing the ADS transaction. For us during the integration of ADS, that was the top priority organization, particularly in that part of the country. And for us, that was over half of the areas that we oversee. And so it was really important for us to make that priority #1 from an M&A perspective. The team is definitely looking at the landscape and participating in conversations. As you see some of the smaller players make decisions, we've always talked about the driving forces in their decisions. And this tight labor market has certainly been an accelerant for them. And so we're part of those conversations, still focused on that. We are going to remain disciplined in terms of return. And so buying at the right price is what will be important for us.
Devina Rankin: The opportunity there really is on those long-term contracts that I mentioned earlier, and we continue to work very diligently in that space and have had some good success. And we looked for those long-term contracts to be an appropriate balance to market exposure, so that we do have an appropriate level of volatility without giving up too much of the upside potential.
Devina Rankin: And then, Michael, on -- from a planning perspective, our 2022 guide does not include any rollover benefit from M&A. The solid waste acquisitions were only about $40 million in 2021 and divestitures actually had a larger impact. So from an outlook perspective, the '22 guide doesn't contemplate anything from acquisition contribution.
Devina Rankin: I'll start on the margin commentary. Pricing, I think, with respect to our pricing activities, what you saw was a much more significant and acute change in the cost environment in the third quarter across the U.S. economy, right? Whether or not our competitors saw those impacts, I observed their third quarter results as well. And so what I would tell you is that what we saw is that we were taking active steps with our employee base to be sure that we were curbing the impacts of turnover that were happening across the economy. From a margin perspective, I definitely don't think that you should take away from our 2020 results any indication of a plateau. Instead, what we know happened in 2021 is 2 things: one, we were integrating the ADS business, which has a 400 basis point lower margin base than the WM business. And so we knew that would have pressure on our margins coming into the year. And then secondarily, we saw that acute labor inflation cost hit us in the third quarter with a very prompt response really late in Q3, early in Q4 from a pricing perspective that you saw provide really good margin cover in the fourth quarter to the point earlier, that provided about 60 basis points, both from a price perspective and efficiency perspective benefit on a sequential basis going from Q3 to Q4. And we think some of that sequential improvement continues into Q1, where pricing activities will continue as we've mentioned before.
Devina Rankin: Yes. So the easy answer here is that it's not a trade-off for us. So this is not taking the place of some other investment that we otherwise would have pursued way of growth or M&A. For us, this is incremental. And for that reason in terms of how you think about it in looking at our long-term growth outlook, this is incremental to that long-term growth outlook that we've outlined.
Devina Rankin: Yes. Sean, that 50% target remains our goal, and we were happy to accomplish that in 2021. And you're right, from a guidance perspective, we're kind of right at the bottom end of that targeted range. When I look at the longer-term outlook, you're exactly right from a sustainability project perspective. With the outlook we gave for 2023 through 2025, you can expect that, that elevated level of growth investment will continue through that period. And that would be treated similarly to how we provided our guidance in 2022. When I look at the contributing factors, we think that there's more work that we can do on working capital optimization. EBITDA growth continues to be that long-term outlook of 5% to 7% that we've talked about. So we'll certainly continue to revisit that as we see different factors contribute to both the headwinds and tailwinds of the business as appropriate. So one, I can't really comment on because it remains a big question mark, and we can't predict it is the future of cash taxes and whether it be the corporate tax rate or look at bonus depreciation impacts. Those things could put some downward pressure, and that's just too hard for me to predict with regard to the things that we can control, we're going to continue working to not just hit that 50% benchmark but try and improve it from here.
Devina Rankin: Yes, I’d tell you, when we look at margin, the one place in the business that we specifically see technology showing up other than what John has already mentioned particularly on the top line is on the SG&A side and our SG&A margin for 2022 are expected to be below the 10% that we accomplished in the current year. 
Devina Rankin: So we'll get you the information and Ed and Heather will be sure to circle back with you in terms of the percentage of our tonnage covered by the single stream network. Sorry, we don't have that at our fingertips. But with regard to the investments that we're making, it's more heavily weighted toward automation, but we will be exploring new markets and expanding our single stream footprint into markets that we don't currently serve. 
James Fish: Yes. And I think just to add to that on the strategic side, Noah, I think there really isn't -- I guess I'll say it this. We have 4 critical capabilities that nobody else has that enable us to really have confidence in these investments. Devina talked about how we mitigate risk. But as we think about them strategically, we have a team that's been doing this since 2015, and they know how to scale these plants across the whole portfolio. We have an asset that nobody else has, which is the amount of gas that we own. Nobody else can bring that to the table. We have the biggest CNG fleet in North America, and that enables us to fully close the loop and leverage the fleet to monetize the RNG. And then lastly, we've got the balance sheet. So if you look at all 4 of those, this made a ton of sense for us to accelerate investments in 2022 out through 2025. I don't think anybody expects that over the next 3 years that we're going to see significant downside in RINs pricing or, for that matter, natural gas pricing. But if there is, we built in pretty conservative estimates and still come up with these very strong returns that Devina referenced.
James Fish: I think you used the right word there, which is attrition. I mean, we're not talking about announcing a big layoff next week. We're talking about using high turnover. This whole Great Resignation as we've heard, we've been talking about that for a while now. And you've heard me talk about my daughter saying in her high school class, nobody wants to drive a truck or operate a piece of heavy equipment. So this is not something that just came to us in the last 3 months. We've been focused on it for a while. We built out those 3 single-stream plants, which we've discussed at length, and those have provided a significant labor benefit to us. So as we started thinking about it more, we saw other buckets of opportunity. When we look at moving, for example, from traditional rear load, we have call it, 3,000 rear load trucks available to shift to ASL. And those rear loaders probably driven more by safety than anything else so it's a safer vehicle at ASL, but there's a labor opportunity there in a category that's very difficult to fill, particularly in today's world. I mean, it's hard to get somebody to ride on the back of a truck and throw trash. So we've got some categories here where we feel like we can really use attrition to our benefit, become much more productive from a labor standpoint. And it's part of why I've maybe never been more optimistic than I am today, coming off of 2 pretty rough years, maybe as rough as any of us have seen in our lifetime and all of a sudden looking at a '22 where we can really start to leverage those investments we've made in technology in those buckets where we have transactional type jobs that are really hard to fill. I don't think this affects what we've tried to do with the culture. The culture is still absolutely being a great place to work. We've done a tremendous amount of benefits, offering to pay for college education for dependents, which I don't think any other company out there does. So we still feel very good about the fact that this is a great place to work. But where we have high turnover, let's take advantage of it.
James Fish: Might be giving me more credit here on a pretty technical question. I guess I would tell you that -- and I'm not going to give you a very technical answer because I just don't have the expertise. But -- and we can definitely get you an answer on that. But if we look at the -- the 1 thing that I mentioned was our fleet and having that fleet that's 70 -- over 70% of our routed fleet is now natural gas. That number came down a bit when we bought ADS, but we continue to buy 90% of the trucks each year as natural gas trucks. So it does give us a chance to sell those credits and fully close the loop but also paints a nice sustainability picture for us that Tara and the entire WM team are able to leverage. I'm not sure I can answer the more technical aspects of your question there, but hopefully, that gives you a little bit of insight.
James Fish: I think if you look at the year-over-year comps, the comps will certainly be easier purely from a price standpoint in Q1 and Q2. And then we started to kind of get our sea legs a little bit in Q3 and Q4. As we saw inflation, I would tell you that, that inflation that we started to see in Q3 did catch, I think, the entire world off-guard. But nobody expected coming into the year that we'd have 40-year high inflation. So Q3 was playing a bit of catch-up. Q4, we started to really catch up. But there is a lag in terms of how much pricing we can get to cover inflation. And honestly, we probably will be happy just to get to a point where we cover that cost. That's why the labor aspect is so important because we're attempting to raise margins here and add EBITDA dollars. And I'm not sure we do that purely through pricing. In fact, I would argue that pricing, we think, can be the primary offset to inflation. But in terms of adding EBIT dollars and adding margin points, we think the labor piece is a critical aspect of that.  To kind of talk about where it goes for the rest of the year, I mean, I would tell you that -- and I think John and I both talked about it in our prepared remarks, but the fact that we're seeing landfill pricing, and I gave an example of a couple of disposal customers that took pretty substantial price increases, who previously had been very, very price sensitive. And I think they -- that told us that they understood they're seeing inflation in their system. And so we needed to take significant price increases on those big landfill customers. John has talked about residential for a long time, and we're finally starting to see that residential is showing vast improvements on the price front. So I'm happy that we're seeing this across all lines of business. To me, that is maybe the best sign in terms of pricing is that we're seeing this not just in the commercial line of business but we're seeing it across all lines of business and all waste streams. Our special waste, if we look at our special waste and we look at just our baseline, we were up 7.9%, I think, was in our base business, pricing in special waste. And that doesn't really go into our yield number because it tends to be work, but that's a big increase. So we're happy with the progress we're making on price. I don't know that, that really spells out where we're going to be each quarter. Suffice it to say we're going to have easier comps in Q1 and Q2, though.
James Fish: Tyler, I know you asked a margin question, but I have to say, I guess time will tell whether investors are as optimistic as we are about this. But I got to tell you, I mean, 2021, I mean, I don't need to tell you what it looked like. But at no point in our lives that we've seen in 2021 where we're having hand-to-hand combat with a pandemic and, at the same time, seeing 40-year inflation. And with that, we still raised guidance twice and -- but for a couple of kind of one-timer type expenses, would have finished in the middle of -- almost in the middle of the range for that EBITDA guidance. I was actually stunned that we were able to work our way through 2021.  And then when we look at 2022, looking at our guidance, you remember the Investor Day in 2019 and that's why we referenced it. But putting guidance out there that's at the top end of that range, by the way, if you remember that presentation, we had 3% to 4% inflation in that 2019 presentation when we said that the range would be 5% to 7% for EBITDA, long-term range, and we're coming out with guidance at 7%. And that's off of a -- also the baseline that we raised twice in a kind of a crappy year in 2021. So that's why we're as optimistic as we are, and we'll see whether the market feels the same way.
James Fish: Yes, it might be a little bit more on labor. I don't know. We just had this meeting the other day where we talked about how much of this is going to be new plants versus rebuilds. Both of them have really high payback really or really low payback period, really high returns. So they're both great investments. And -- we're -- the good thing is we're not really constrained on -- in terms of cash. So we can probably -- it's less about either/or and more about and. We just want to make sure that we're as on those new markets, we're picking the right markets. I know Brent Bell and his team are looking closely at that. And then with respect to the labor savings, the number that we're giving is -- that we've talked about is somewhere in the neighborhood of 1,000 to 1,200 positions over about a 4-year period. So if you kind of take the high end of that and you call it, I don't know, let's say, $75,000 all in, and keep in mind, some of these are -- a lot of these are temps, so we get charged a different number than they actually make. So let's say, $75,000 all in, that may or may not be the right number, but you can use that kind of to do the math. And that's probably where most of these [5 to 7] are. We're not talking about $200,000 jobs here. But the high turnover, the high attrition that we see in those jobs really, I think, is -- makes this the absolute right move to move away from those, particularly in a time where we have such a hard time filling those positions.
James Fish: I think we've given a lot of thoughts on this. I think the cadence that we've laid out internally is the right one. I think we mentioned 17 plants and that's a lot. So these things are complex. There is -- there are some questions, I guess, around supply chain and how much does that lengthen the amount of time that's necessary to build out these plants? But the acceleration, we think, is absolutely appropriate for all the reasons that we mentioned. Do we accelerate it further? I don't know that we do. I think we're -- I think we have the right amount of plants planned in the right places. We've looked at where the right places would be, what landfills will be feeding them, all of that. But I'm comfortable with the plan that we've laid out.
James Fish: But Devina, adding $400 million in EBITDA. I mean, and we've talked a lot about that, and that is at these for very conservative numbers. So $400 million EBITDA for the existing plants plus those 17 new plants is a lot. And that's why I mentioned in my remarks that, look, if you extrapolate it out at today's natural gas and RINs pricing, it's not $400 million, it's north of $800 million. So I think the amount of plants that we've planned is appropriate.
James Fish: I think our -- the good news is that they have their finger on the pulse up there. It's just the pulse seems to be a little bit erratic, I guess. I would tell you that areas like CCRs, I mean, coal combustion residuals, which have been discussed within the EPA longer than some of the other items. That is an area that we really see the opportunity starting to develop. And we like -- the pipeline is kind of 40 million-ish tons over $1 billion for us in the next 4 years. And then things like PFAS. PFAS is -- we've always talked about that as an opportunity for ourselves. But there's a lot that is being discussed. I'm not sure we've seen the full consensus maybe is the best way to put it on a lot of those topics, with the exception maybe of ash and some of those have been talked about longer.
James Fish: I think the -- probably the best indicator would be in our churn numbers. I mean -- and I mentioned the churn was at an all-time low there. So I think the reaction is that people understand that inflation is real, that it's out there in the economy and that we're being judicious about how we apply it, but we're attempting to recover our costs. And look, that's been no easy task. We've seen a pretty heavy hit from labor inflation, particularly in Q3. That started to come back down the north a little bit in Q4, just simply because we've taken a lot of those adjustments already. But I think, John, the number was almost $100 million in adjustments for 2021.
James Fish: I think it's some of both, right? John talks a lot about service increases versus decreases. There's -- I think it's almost like by a factor of 2 higher on service increases. So it's a bit of both, Michael. I mean, I mentioned probably the most forward-looking volume that we have, the revenue stream that we have would be in special waste. And I think what that portends for the economy is a good -- is that we don't see a big downturn in the economy coming even with the inflationary pressures. Our special waste pipeline looks really good. Our special waste in Q4 was really strong. And so the only areas that we saw that were weak were really driven by difficult year-over-year comps. I mean, roll-off volume was flat. But it was not because we're -- it wasn't something for us to be concerned about simply because 2020 had a lot of fire volume in Northern California and also a lot of -- you remember the late hurricanes that hit the Gulf Coast last year. And so there was a lot of volume from that. So without that, we would have seen a much more positive number in roll-offs. I think volume looks to be a bit of both of those, still kind of an emergence from COVID and which is kind of the service increase, service decrease piece, but also growth of the overall economy.
James Fish: I think we'll always focus on -- we'll always have our eye on M&A. And where there's opportunities, we'll try and take advantage of those. But at the same time, we don't want to overpay for these so we're careful there. But it doesn't look like the M&A landscape has changed that significantly. But we just felt like, as we looked at somewhat of a capital allocation decision here with respect to these big incremental investments in renewable natural gas and in recycling, that the returns on those were better than the returns for solid waste acquisitions. And while the cash generation of the business has been tremendous, it's not an infinite bucket. It's a finite bucket. And so therefore, we feel like we will invest more heavily there. But again, with M&A, to the extent that an opportunity arises and we feel like it builds a gap, we'll explore it.
James Fish: I mean, that's a great point, Devina, because when I -- I've talked about that 7% EBITDA growth number at the high end of that long-term range. But that is almost 100% organic. I mean, we're not talking about a big rollover from acquisitions. We had very little in the way of acquisitions, solid waste type acquisitions in 2021. So that 7% is in the face of still pretty significant inflation, but it's at the high end of that range, which is why we're talking about it.
James Fish: Well, we'll see. I mean, you might argue that the assumptions need to come down after the last 2 years. But yes, I mean, at Investor Day in 2019, we talked about what the world has been for the last 3 or 4 years, 4 or 5 years even, and which was pretty low inflation. So we built low inflation into those EBITDA and revenue ranges. We may decide after 2022 or 2023 that the world has changed sufficiently enough to have another Investor Day and to talk about different ranges.
James Fish: So Kyle, I think the challenges that we're looking at in 2022 are largely going to be inflation and maybe, to a lesser degree, this labor challenge that it feels like a long-term challenge and hence, the need to really become more productive from a labor standpoint and then the 5,000 to 7,000 positions that will attrit away from the business that we plan to replace the technology. By the way, what I didn't mention is we saw some add in 2021. We've talked a lot about these investments we've made in customer service digitalization. And so in 2021, as maybe somewhat of a test case, we fully automated our customer setup function. It was not a huge number of jobs. It was maybe 200 jobs, so about $7 million in savings. We did something similar with some of our -- we call it sales optimization. So we've gone through a piece of it and then, of course, some of what we saw with recycling. We've gone through a piece of it. But I would tell you that in general, we see and we hope to see 2022 be a much quieter year than the last 2. Hard to be no easier than the last 2, I guess.
James Fish: We did see -- we talked about the fact that we had as many -- I think the number we gave was 800 employees in Q3 at the peak who are out with either the virus or some exposure. And so therefore, they were quarantined, so 800 out of 50,000. Omicron, fortunately, it seems less serious but definitely more contagious. And so -- and that showed up in our numbers. The peak was 1,500, and probably John, half of those were drivers.
James Fish: More than half. So if there was any good news about it, it was that it happened in kind of December, January, which are slow volume months for us as opposed to the peak from Delta, which was in August, and early September, and those are our peak months for us in terms of volume. But right now, we're seeing those numbers come back down pretty dramatically.
James Fish: I think -- I mean, Hamzah, real quick, first of all, with respect to turnover, I don't know what the other guys' turnover is, I can't really compare. I would tell you if they're not seeing any inflation in their business, then they're operating in Antarctica because the whole world is seeing inflation. And regarding pricing, our core price is 5.2% for Q4. And you might say, well, you guys aren't very good at covering inflation because inflation was more like 6% for us and we were only showing 5.2% core price. We're not getting there. But as we talked about, there is a lag. Could we have been more aggressive? I don't know. I mean, boy, this thing came out of nowhere. I don't think anybody expected it. So I'm happy with the progress we're making. We've made a ton of progress sequentially between Q3 and Q4, and we'll continue to see that in 2022.
James Fish: I mean, there's been no shortage of potential suitors, Hamzah, on the RNG business for us. But at this point, we feel good about doing it on our own. But we have -- we still have optionality.
James Fish: If we wanted, sure. I mean, one of the assets that I talked about, 1 of the 4 things we bring to the table is the asset itself. And we have more landfill gas than anybody else. And so those 4 things I think are really what differentiates us in this foray into RNG that we think is going to be hugely valuable for us that we talked about 400 million at very conservative numbers, could be as high as 800 or more. So we like our position. But yes, that's the answer is that optionality means if we wanted to partner up with somebody, we could.
James Fish: I think also, Walter, worth mention here, I honestly can say I have no idea what the competition is doing other than what they publicly talk about on their calls. So it's not something we really pay attention to. We have a certain cost structure that we're trying to cover, and so that's how we focus our pricing.
James Fish: It's always a competitive business. So I mean, are there competitors out there that are taking customers? It's a very competitive business. We have cities where we have a dozen competitors or more. So I think the answer to that is, yes, that's just part of what we deal with day in and day out. But I don't I don't really focus on it because I feel like we are -- we have a really solid, robust plan in place with respect to all of these financial aspects and pricing is a big contributor.
James Fish: One last thing here. And I know we're a little bit of a long winded answer here. But to John's point, he talked about our data and analytics. So our team our data and analytics team is in the process of fully optimizing, they're working on a specific line of business. So fully optimizing roll up line of business and the number of permutations there, there's a massive amount of data, they built an engine there. And now they're in the process of kind of rolling this out over a period of months, but it will fully, fully optimize the ultimately all collection lines of business. Right now we're working on roll up but imagine all the data that goes into this is got road information, it's got driver data, it's got traffic, it's got customer data, containers, all kinds of stuff. The number of calculations is a ridiculous number. It's got like 17 zeros behind it. So it's a ridiculous number. But what it does for us is get to a point where we can fully, fully optimize these lines of business, and then you start talking about it the way maybe an Amazon talks about it and probably nobody else with respect to optimizing these routes.  We think there's a huge productivity take-up there. So what we haven't talked about are some of the driver turnover that we'd love to be able to take advantage of it. And this is one of those avenues. 
James Fish: Some of the new market investments as we heard David there in our internal meeting was that it might be a city where we don't have a presence, but we do have a presence in a city that's 150 miles away. And we feel like the better of the two would be actually to go to the city to the South, and close down the facility in the city to the North. So there is a bit of a strategic decision there too. It's not always just where do we have underserved markets and how do we add capacity there.
James Fish: The 4% to 5% inflation is what we built in Michael. So -- and that's why we think that we do get to a point where we are able to cover that with pricing. And then a lot of the margin growth comes from places like automation and removing some of these transactional type positions. 
James Fish: I think you nailed it there, Michael. It really is probably second half of '22. There's a lot of these, as we've discussed, a lot of these contract adjustments have a 12-month lookback. So it won't fully capture this pretty aggressive ramp-up in inflation until we get to July or even January of next year. You may recall we've talked about almost 70% of the adjustments that we take happen in the front half of the year. And so the ones that we just took in January, which I forget what the exact percentages are, but the big 2 months for adjustments are January and July. And what we just took in January, to the extent that there's a 12-month lookback, it's not going to include a whole lot. It's going to include maybe 3 months of the big inflation ramp. Next year, it will include 12 months. And so the farther we get into -- the deeper we get into the year with these adjustments, the more they will include this big ramp-up in inflation.
James Fish: All right. Well, thank you. Long call today, but I think, hopefully, you felt we gave some good details. Thank you all for joining us. We're very excited about finally coming into a year where it feels like we're going to have a bit quieter year. And so thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to seeing you out on the road.
John Morris: I think, Michael, the other thing we're watching is a small refinery exemption, right, because that's also been part of what's in that market. And there's been some commentary there. There's nothing decided yet, but to the extent that, that they extinguish some of the exemption there, I think that obviously bodes well.
John Morris: I would add, Michael, too, that our most labor-intensive line of business, Jim talked to the automation benefits and the path we're pinning down with regard to residential. But you've seen the sequential improvement in residential core price and yield. You've also seen some of the volume degradation. We're going to continue to be selective there, especially in this kind of labor environment, which we don't see as short term. So we look at that price and labor trade-off as good for the shareholders.
John Morris: We're not done, Michael. I mean, I think when you think about this labor environment, right, from where we started to talk about the world changing a lot, well, the labor world has changed a good bit. We talked about that in our prepared remarks and a bunch of the question-and-answer period. So I would tell you that the goal line there has moved a little bit, right? The rate -- the labor intensity of that business is higher than the others. We still have automation opportunities there, and the margins there are still not competing with commercial and industrial. So as much as we've made terrific progress, we've seen some additional pressure, especially in the back half of the year on wages inflation, if you think about the impact of Omicron in Q4, I mean, all those things, I think we still have a good bit of opportunity there.
John Morris: Matt, it was -- yes, it was really spotty. I mean, it wasn't -- it was more of an impact on our overtime and our ability to service our customers. There were a few pockets. You referenced Canada, where it's been a little bit of a unique circumstance up there in eastern Canada. A little bit of volume impact there but generally speaking, no.
John Morris: I was just going to say, so I think if you heard what Devina commented on earlier about how we'll see that margin improvement kind of in the back half of the year. But if you assume that we'll see some margin pressure in the first half and you do the math to get to the second half of the year, I think it really gives you a certain level. It tells you about our level of confidence about what's going to happen with margin. I think on your CPI point, I mean, we think about 2.5% is what we're going to see for the full year next year. And as Jim mentioned earlier, some of that -- a good chunk of that comes is in the residential revenue line, and we see that the biggest lift for residential in July.  As far as turnover, I can't comment on the others. What I can tell you is we've had a very concerted effort and process that we've put in place. We are pleased with what we're seeing. It's obviously not a trend you fix overnight. But since August, we've seen improving acquisition and retention numbers. So when you look on a net basis, we are making headway in terms of those we're bringing on and those we're retaining.
John Morris: So Hamzah, I'll start with recycling. I mean, if you look at where recycling was 3, 4, 5 years ago, we charted a path to make that business compete from an investment and return standpoint with other lines of business. And even with the commodity tailwinds, even when you look at commodities were down, we were improving the returns on the margin on that business. And then if you look forward, I don't think we have a -- we have total confidence in our ability to execute on the recycling side. I think we've demonstrated that even when commodity prices were not the tailwind they were with the fee-for-service model, we've talked about. So I think we've got back steps on the recycling side. In terms of the team, we have in place to be able to build and operate these recycling plants. We're the biggest recycler in North America and we do -- I like to believe we do this better than everybody else. On the WM RE side, I think what Jim said is right now, we're assuming 100% of the risk. We've got optionality and Devina talked to some of the other backstops we could potentially put place down the road in terms of the commodity risk. In terms of the execution, Jim mentioned we have the fleet and we have a team that's been in the RNG business for a bunch of years right now. So to me, this is less about execution risk. It's really just about, given Tara and that team the resources they need to go faster.
John Morris: I would tell you, Walter, as you look at our momentum into Q3 and Q4, what we see in the outlook here, and we've talked about for 2022. And believe me, I asked that exact question of our revenue management team about once a week. And the short answer is no. I think the receptivity of just about all of our customers, they understand that inflation is real, that it's not going away. And we're trying to be thoughtful about it. One of the comments I didn't make to Hamzah's question was really trying to take our customer lifetime value view of our base and being -- obviously, we have, as Devina said, some acute inflationary headwinds that took everybody a tad off-guard. And while we're doing our best to recover that as quickly as we can, we're also -- this is also the long game, too. And I think that's when we're going through the model and customer lifetime value is certainly something we're factoring in there. And I think you're going to see that continued momentum throughout '22. I don't think from a -- I haven't seen -- other than what I commented on some of the selective revenue decisions we're making in residential, the receptivity of the customer base has been pretty consistent.
John Morris: It also depends, too, right, Devina, on the free cash flow. Obviously, the piece is 1 of the 2 numbers there. And if you look at our free cash flow, excluding those growth types of investments, then your ratio is right at 50%. If you look at the way we define it, which is pulling CapEx out and this is -- as we've talked a lot about today, those growth investments in RNG and recycling, we're essentially kind of making a capital allocation decision and spending extra CapEx. So the free cash flow guidance that we're giving is technically in that $2 billion-ish or a little bit more than that range. If you use that number to calculate the ratio, then it ends up being under 50%. If you use that the free cash flow number that we typically would report as a range of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, then you're talking about something that's 50%. So there is a little bit of math in that, that needs to be understood.
John Morris: I think, Sean, I think, Jim, we all spoke to it. I mean, it's about making the labor pool that we have more efficient, right and using technology to replace some of these transactional jobs. And frankly, we're having a hard time filling. But that's where the operating side. If you look at it from a revenue side, we've talked a lot about the technology we've installed in our operations. And one of those is the technology we put on trucks. And if you look at service increases and decreases, some of the revenue growth we're seeing in commercial in particular, we think technology is part of the reason that's happening. We've automated a lot of those processes, where the folks behind the wheel don't have to worry about whether they have to take a picture, send the picture and that's all done with the technology and data and that analytics team we have. So it's not just the operating side, we are also seeing -- the investments we've made in what we call smart truck, as one example, sales coverage optimization, which is really about getting more efficiency out of our sales force, which I think is also contributing. Those are a couple of examples where the technology is actually helping directly on the top line.  In terms of the margin, juice. 
