Bob Simpson: Thank you, David. I will begin by discussing operating costs. These costs increased in the third quarter of 2010 by $131 million. Cost of goods sold increased $67 million in the quarter, mainly because of higher recycling commodity rebates. On a net basis, earnings per diluted share increased approximately $0.02 in the quarter from higher recycling commodity prices. Subcontractor costs increased $37 million in the quarter, primarily the result of costs associated with the clean-up effort in the Gulf Coast region. Maintenance costs increased $18 million, primarily at our Wheelabrator waste-to-energy operations. Direct fuel costs increased approximately $12 million, primarily because of a 13% increase in diesel fuel prices. Fuel costs increased by more than our fuel surcharge revenue in the quarter, which caused a negative $4 million impact to income from operations and a negative 20 basis point impact on our income from operations margin. We are adjusting our fuel surcharge to do a better job of recovering increasing fuel prices, so at current prices we do not expect a negative earnings impact from fuel in the fourth quarter. Foreign currency translation for our Canadian operations accounted for an increase in operating costs of approximately $7 million. SG&A costs were $369 million in the third quarter, an increase of $30 million from the third quarter of last year. As a percent of revenue, SG&A costs were 11.4%. These costs increased primarily because of our growth initiatives and expenses to upgrade outdated IT equipment and applications. Although we expect to continue to spend to support our growth in IT initiatives, we have implemented several cost control measures to reduce costs. As anticipated, our interest expense for the third quarter increased by $22 million, compared with the prior year period. This is primarily due to an increase in our average debt balance and the increased cost of the new revolving credit facility that we executed in June. The average debt balance increased due to new debt issued in the fourth quarter of 2009 and the $600 million of 4.75 senior notes issued in June of this year. Now, we used the net proceed from the June offering to repay the $600 million 7.375 senior notes that matured in August of this year. Additionally in June, we replaced our $2.4 billion revolving credit facility with a new three year $2 billion revolver. We also added $250 million of additional letter of credit capacity in a separate facility. The cost of revolving credit has increased substantially in the past two years. As a result, our interest costs increased by about $7 million per quarter beginning in the third quarter for the revolver and letter of credit facilities. On September 30, our weighted average cost of debt was 5.4% and our debt-to-total-capital ratio for the quarter was 58.2%, consistent with our target ratio of about 60%. The floating rate portion of our total debt portfolio was 13% at the end of the quarter. Our income tax rate for the third quarter was 37.3%. After adjusting for the $4 million of income tax expense referenced in our press release, our tax rate for the third quarter was 36.3%. Turning to cash flow, third quarter 2010 net cash provided by operating activities was $677 million, an increase of $102 million compared with the third quarter of 2009. During the third quarter, we received a federal tax refund of $65 million related to a capital loss from the liquidation of an inactive foreign subsidiary. The remainder of the increase is due mainly to improved cash provided by operating activities. Over the past two years, we have managed our receivables very closely and our days sales outstanding have improved throughout the period. In the third quarter, our days sales outstanding improved by 1.3 days. We thank all of our employees who have stayed focused on managing our receivables during this downturn. In the fourth quarter of 2010, we expect a $60 million reduction in our federal income tax payment due to bonus depreciation included in recent tax legislation. This will have no effect on our reported income tax expense. Our capital expenditures for the quarter were $262 million, which is an increase of $22 million compared with the prior year period. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $424 million and was $952 million for the first nine months of 2010. In the third quarter of 2010, we paid $149 million in dividends and we repurchased $157 million of our common stock. We remain firmly on track to meet our previously disclosed full-year 2010 guidance of spending approximately $1.2 billion for capital expenditures and having a range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion of free cash flow. And with that, Nicole, let's open the line for questions.
Bob Simpson: Hamzah, the area where we've had positive margins this time was in the landfill. You may remember it at Investor Day, we talked about landfill margin, the incremental margin at the land fill being 45% to 50%, well, lesser to base on what we saw this quarter, it was at least that. And so I think that 45% to 50% number really does hold true. At least it has so far.
Bob Simpson: So – and I am not anticipating that we will not hit that target. We have taken some cost control measures, which Dave referred to in his remarks and I did as well, to make sure that we bring our SG&A and some of our operating costs down to a level that, in the fourth quarter, will be about what we spent last year. Remember, we spent over $30 million higher in SG&A this quarter than last year. We expect to be flat to last year in the fourth quarter. And I think that will help us get to the margin number.
Bob Simpson: Yeah. It's considered in the 1.2 to 1.3, Michael, but it's part of the reason why I think this number there's some real opportunity for upside.
Bob Simpson: Michael, we've done it before. But it – it's possible. It's very possible that we won't get it all done. But given the tax benefit we get this year, for the spending we do-do, I think it is going to – I think it's likely we'll try to get all that done.
Bob Simpson: We don't really plan on doing that Michael. We've got enough to get done just with what we have on the plate right now.
Bob Simpson: Michael, I think it causes you to do a couple of things. One is, you try to find a better way to service your customers, so that you can retain your customers and generate more revenue at a relatively flat environment. And you want to do that by the customer service, not by using price as a tool. And second, you have to really take a good hard look at your cost structure and find better ways using technology, using better processes, to bring your costs down over time. And we're actually taking a look at both of those we talked about the cost measures we took for the fourth quarter, to bring our costs better under control than they have in the past. And we'll continue to look using technology, using better process, look for better ways to run our business, to reduce our cost structure overall, so that we can generate more cash and return that cash to our shareholders.
Bob Simpson: Actually, I do, Michael. The goal is to be at that run rate at the end of 2012. That hasn't changed. We're taking steps now to make sure we get that done.
Bob Simpson: We'll give more specific guidance on that in February, but there are two things to keep in mind. Number one, we have not spent as much this year on the fleet side, because of the new engine, so we're going to want to be including that in our spend and also, I'd expect we'll spend a little bit more, continue to spend more on the growth side. Part of the way we enable growth is through IT, so I do think you'll see a little more. But I'm not saying our CapEx spending will be substantially higher. It may be we'll talk about more about that in February.
Bob Simpson: We've got parked trucks on the roll-off side. And I think as the roll-off, the temporary business, the permanent roll-off business picks up, I think there won't be a need for a substantial amount of fleet there. On the commercial side, we have some to use too. I don't think you'll see us having to spend too much more. The fleet spend is going to be, really in two areas, one is, replacing really out of date trucks that we need to replace and at some point in time you have – most of those have been put off to the side of the road, by the way. But there will be a need to do some of that and then we're also continuing to look at CNG fuel trucks. That's a scenario that we think has great promise we have one of the largest alternative fuel fleets in the country and we intend to continue to develop that.
Bob Simpson: Our performance has really – our accounts receivable performance has really been pretty remarkable over the last couple of years. And what we're finding is that our older budgets are getting better and better, they're not getting worse in this downturn. We don't see any real (inaudible). By the way, I don't know if you guys can hear static on the line, we certainly apologize for that if you…
Bob Simpson: I think the buckets will cover, certainly paper costs and engine. All of the costs associated with processing the information that we processed today. You know, one item that we like to talk about, is that our order to cash, these numbers are representative or they're actually right. There's like 35 steps in our order to capture process and 31 of them are manual. If we could turn it to where there's only 25 steps and 21 of them only core manual, that says a lot of savings to be had there a lot less (inaudible)…
David Steiner: It is a great question. And I have said many times, that when you've got volumes going down fairly dramatically in landfill, you are not going be as aggressive on pricing. Now that we have seen the volumes turn, we are putting together our plans for our 2011 pricing program and we expect that 3% yield to go up. Now, at our landfills, obviously you've got a lot of volume that's contracted, so you can't hit everything in year one. But what we are doing right now, is going through every single MSW customer that we have at our landfills and we're looking at what we're going to do next year. And that's going to accelerate the pricing into 2011.
David Steiner: Yeah. Certainly, on the waste-to-energy side. But we will have some more maintenance expenses to get that SIPSA plan up to speed, but it won't be as dramatic as it was this quarter. On the medical waste side, it is interesting. When we add new business on the solid waste side, it lays right in on top of our current asset structure. Obviously on the medical waste side, you have to add new sales people, because you have to have more of a specialized sales person. And so you can't use your existing infrastructure to service those customers. So we had to add facilities. We had to add sales people. And so, like any start up business, you are going to have start up costs. But we really are starting to see our value proposition take hold. We completely expect to see that business double in the next year and that will put us well on our way to hitting our goal of growing that business to $300 million over the next three or four years.
David Steiner: Yeah. I wouldn't say that we've had a carry-over that would be dramatically meaningful, but we're certainly going to continue to invest in those areas where we need to invest, in order to continue to focus on our customers and see the growth that we expect. So, IT systems are certainly a part of that and we will spend on that next year. Obviously, we’ll give you some specific guidance when we look at our full-year budget and report fourth quarter earnings. Customer focused growth, the segmentation efforts that we've had, we've pretty much spent the money that we're going to spend on that. We've hired the additional people. We've done most of the additional training, so there shouldn't be significant expenditures on that side. And then on the various growth initiatives that we've talked about with Bagster and Medical Waste, you will continue to see spending on that. Look, the issue here, on both Bagster and Medical Waste, is that you have to spend that money up front, in order to get the customers to get the revenue to offset the costs. And we expect to see both of those turn positive in the second half of 2011.
David Steiner: Yeah. It is really a great question. We look at that quite a bit. And so we look at it, it is a little bit of what we said in our prepared remarks which is, we would love to see the volumes bounce back more in our commercial line of business and MSW. Because that's really the lines of business that we have, that tell us that the economy is growing at a steady pace. But right now, we are seeing at the landfill it's being driven by special waste. Now, the good news with us on special waste, is that with our focus on the customers and trying to find out what our large industrial customers want, we're seeing more of that special waste become more permanent-type special waste, than episodic special waste. So, as you look at the economy going forward, for us, we think you'll see a turn in the economy, when you start to see the commercial volumes bounce back. They've basically been in that negative 3.5% to 5% range now, for a couple of years. And I think that tells you exactly what you started out with which is that we've got a muted economic recovery. But it's enough economic recovery for us to continue to grow our business. And we don't see that changing dramatically over the next two or three quarters.
David Steiner: Yeah. It's exactly the type of thing we look at, Jonathan. So right now, we've got revenue in that line of business. And when we look at the revenue, as we move to a healthcare segment, we include a lot of our typical solid waste in that segment. But, so when I'm talking about Medical Waste, I'm talking about strictly our new medical waste initiatives, not talking about the solid waste that we might pick up from health care providers that we've done for many years. And so, in that business, it's about $20 million to $25 million of revenue, right now. Like I said, we're starting to see our value proposition take hold. We'd expect to add, probably 50 to 100 hospitals, over the next six months to that revenue base. And then next year or so, you're talking about a normalized base of about $40 million, then next year we expect that to go up somewhere between 50% to 75%.Jonathan Ellis – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
David Steiner: There's no doubt about it. It still continues to be a challenging environment. We haven't seen the MSW turn positive. But look, you all know that landfill pricing is what drives our business. And landfill pricing, when we look at it from an internal point of view, landfill pricing is a huge cost component to our collections lines of business. So if we're going to continue to get those collection price increases that we want to get, we've got to charge ourselves more at the landfill. That applies to third parties too. So, as we look at pricing next year, we are going to take opportunities where we have both gate-rated and contracted volumes, we're going to take the opportunities to push price. When you look at our overall yield for the company, we're running in the 8% to 10% price increase on our commercial customers. On the commercial customers that we can touch, we're running about 8% to 10% price increases. Over time, I think we need to get to that point at the land fill. Now it’s going to be right. It's going to be a step process. It's going to happen – it's certainly easier to do that when the volumes turn positive. But we've got to move from that 3% yield at the landfill, we've got to start moving that toward the 8% type of price increases we're getting in our collection business. We've got to do that and we're going to do it just like we did our pricing program on our collection business. We're going to do it. And we're going to hold firm. And we may suffer some losses from it. But in the long run it's the right thing to do for our business.
David Steiner: Yeah. It's a great question. And frankly, as we've started to see the changeover, we haven't done reporting to reflect the change over. In 2011, we probably ought to start looking at our special waste and trying to give you all a little bit more color around the specificity of the difference between the permanent and the temporary. I'll put that on Bob's to-do list for 2011.
David Steiner: Yeah. When I look at it from an operational point of view, we have been as reported at $0.55. You've got $0.02 from Wheelabrator that should be one-time. Again, we'll have a little more of that, but not the $0.02 a quarter type of hit. So, from an operational point of view you look at it at $0.57. And then you've these growth initiatives, which we are going to have, that drag. But we're not going to have that drag forever. That is not going be a permanent part of our business. You're going to see that drag start to lesson next year and then you see it go away, in the second half of next year. So when I look at the business, what we try to do, is to say, what is the fundamental underlying nature of our Collection-Disposal business and how did that perform? And then you take out the nonrecurring piece of Wheelabrator and the piece that will recur, but not forever. It'll start to turn positive, second half of 2011. And so we were just trying to give you all a feel for the soundness of the underlying core business.
David Steiner: Yeah. When we look at it, it's probably right around 800 to 1,000 bags per day that we need to pick up, in order to break even. The good news is, we've had an 800 bag day in the last two weeks. It'll be interesting to see, as this product develops, what effect seasonality will have on it. So we hate to predict, obviously at 800 bags a day, we've become – breakeven. The question is, when are you going to do 300 bags a day, not knowing what the effect of winter will have on this product. Is it going to act like our normal business? Or are people going to continue to buy them and have them picked up during the winter? A little early to call, but It's roughly 800 to 1,000 bags per day for us to hit, breakeven.
David Steiner: Yes. I'm a little bit confused on your notes. I don't think we've ever said we had $75 million of Red Bag waste. We may have said that that's our target over the next two years; frankly I don't know where that number comes from, Michael. What we've always said is, we think in the three to five year timeframe, we should have a $300 million business.
David Steiner: No, no doubt about it. Well, take that back, if you look at our solid waste business. Right? As I recall, Michael, if you look at just – oh you're talking about the solid waste out the back door, not the medical waste.
David Steiner: Yes. If your numbers are correct and I don't have those numbers in front of me, but what we were talking about, is that we do business in the health care segment today. Right. We pick up solid waste from hospitals; we pick up recycling from hospitals. And so it's not like we're going into a segment where we have absolutely no business. We do have a base business that we can bundle with medical waste. Bob's looking to see what the actual number is. But certainly, we have the $300 million that you used, 3% of the market wouldn't surprise me if that's, I mean that’s… We're certainly, what I do know, Michael, is that from the Solid Waste point of view, if you look at our overall market share in business, we're at sort of 25% of the market. We are hugely under represented on the Solid Waste and Recycling side in the medical arena. So that is part of what's going on here. We're trying to beef up both our Medical Waste and our Solid Waste, in a segment where we're hugely under represented today.
David Steiner: It's basically, flat quarter to quarter. We've been running, sort of in that negative 1% to negative 2%, the last couple of quarters at MSW. And it's basically flat.
David Steiner: That's correct. I mean, in other words, we looked at that number. And it went down fairly dramatically in the quarter. And we said, is that an economic sign or is that just losing some contracts? And after looking at it, we said, it's not an economic sign; it is more of just lost contracts.
David Steiner: I think that's exactly what we see in our volume. That's why I keep saying, if there was one indicator to me that we look at in our business to say, what's going on in our economy, it'd be our commercial volumes. And again, the commercial volumes have basically been sort of flat, which tells me that what we've got is a stable, slow growth economy. Certainly what you hear from the people that are experts in the economy, which isn't me, what you hear is that they expect that to continue.
David Steiner: Yes. And I think you've hit the nail right on the head, Bill. The churn rate is up slightly, from 10.6% to 10.8% in the quarter. We liked to see that churn rate under 10%. But, you know, we've talked a lot about the leverage that you get on price versus volume and certainly we still see that trade-off as being positive. In other words, we're going to continue to push price because the leverage you get across your customer base, makes up for that slight increase in churn but, look we've got to work to get that churn rate below 10% and get the price. That's what our customer focus growth is all about. It's about being able to drive down the churn rate and continue get that kind of level of pricing.
David Steiner: Then Bill, if we see the legislature pass, the bill where they talked about allowing companies to expense capital, which I think passed through the senate and they've got to get it through the house. But if you see that happen, which I think would be great for the economy, by the way. But if you see that happen that has the ability to change the game next year. Now for us, what does that mean? That doesn't mean we're going to double our CapEx that means incrementally, we might spend a couple of hundred million dollars more, if we can expense it. But I think Bob's right the real drivers next year are going to be, we have to put a little bit more money into our fleet. And we'll continue to spend on renewable energy and growth.
David Steiner: But Vance, it really is a great question because, having those parked trucks does affect our capital spend. And the way I look at it is, we'd like to spend on the fleet next year but on the other hand, because of that excess capacity that we've have had in the system, because of volumes the last 2.5 years, our average fleet age is still 7.5 years. Our average fleet age really hasn't gone up, despite the fact that, as Bob said; we underinvested in the fleet because of the new engines. So, that gives us some flexibility to say, okay if volumes are flat, we may not need to invest as much in our fleet. And if volumes bounce back, we can invest in our fleet. It gives us some flexibility we aren't required to invest in our fleet next year, because using excess trucks has allowed us to keep our fleet age flat. So it gives us some great flexibility. And as Bob said, if we can – if some of our customers are demanding CNG trucks, from our point of view, those are actually less costly than a diesel truck. And so if we can move – if we can satisfy customers' needs and drive down our operating costs, that's a win-win for our investment.
David Steiner: Yes. Certainly there's some start up costs there, but the good news about that is, those are leased facilities and so we basically get the revenue as we make the acquisition. So we haven't seen – there's not a material effect on earnings from that.
David Steiner: Yeah. Actually, what we’ve seen is that our new business, loss business customers this quarter on the commercial side were about equal. And when you look at our industrial side, we actually are bringing in customers at a higher rate than we're losing them, at a higher rate per unit than we're losing them. So actually that's positive. It hadn't always been the case, but that happens to be the case this quarter.
David Steiner: No, we apologize for the static that seems to have popped up on the phone. Thank you all for joining us and we'll see you next year (technical difficulty).
Al Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities: I want to come back to MSW here and maybe press you, David, a little bit on this. But we're in obviously, some turning point on the volume and that positive comps, although it's not happened yet. Price, it appears, a little bit a challenge from CPI. But I was wondering if you can comment on the dynamic between your comments about aggressive pricing, the level of competition you're seeing and the ability to drive 3% yield, next year in particular. Is this –
Al Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities: Okay. But overall, on MSW, what are you targeting or suggesting we look at? Because it still seems like a very challenging price environment, let alone volume environment.
Al Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities: We should actually probably think about some churn in the customer level, if you hold firm on pricing.
Al Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities: Right. Okay. Thank you. And then on specialty waste. It sounds as if this has become more of a permanent component to your stickiness with larger customers, particularly on commercial and industrial. And so, should we start to think about – how do we think about what would be defined as specialty waste and how that could help on volumes? Particularly as we rotate into a more seasonal pattern in the industry.
Al Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities: I think that would be helpful. Not for Bob's purpose, but for us. Ands then as a tie-in here on for Bob, I'm a little – maybe it is also David. It's hard to comment that this is $0.60 of EPS in the quarter, when you are making some investments and longer term strategy of value drivers. So, is this really a $0.55 quarter, in terms of kind of the normal recurring things? And then there's maybe a couple of cents of other special items? I'm concerned that we're going to start looking out forward here, with a number that's really probably more $0.55 and $0.60. I'm just wondering.
Al Kaschalk – Wedbush Securities: One final thing, if I may. Are you willing to comment on the volume of bags on the Bagster that you need to drive above breakeven? I'm sure we can figure it out on some math.
