Devina Rankin: Thanks, John, and good morning. Once again, our solid waste business was at the center of WM's strong quarterly results, capping off a great 2022. Our team delivered strong organic revenue growth with a diligent focus on leveraging core price to offset cost inflation, while prioritizing customer service and customer lifetime value to minimize customer churn, all resulting in record high yield. When combined with strong cost control, these efforts delivered an 80 basis point expansion of operating EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter. Importantly, we achieved these excellent results while investing in technology and sustainability growth that will benefit WM for years to come. Full year adjusted SG&A was 9.6% of revenue, a 40 basis point improvement over 2021 as we achieved back-office operational efficiencies through standardization and process improvement that enabled us to reduce more than 600 positions through attrition. You can clearly see our strong performance and the record cash flow from operations that we achieved in 2022, which grew 4.6% to $4.536 billion. The increase in cash allowed us to accelerate investments at year-end, which brought full year capital spending to the high end of our expectations. 2022 capital expenditures totaled $2.587 billion with $2.26 billion of that related to normal course capital to support the business and the remaining $561 million related to the strategic growth of our recycling and renewable energy businesses. Putting these pieces together, 2022 free cash flow was $1.976 billion despite an increase in cash taxes of $370 million. During 2022, we returned a record $2.58 billion to shareholders, paying $1.08 billion in dividends and repurchasing $1.5 billion of our stock. In addition, we spent $377 million on traditional solid waste and recycling acquisitions to grow our business. We accomplished all of this while accelerating our sustainability and growth investments and achieving our targeted leverage ratio of about 2.75 times. Our balance sheet is well-positioned for growth through capital investments in our business or strategic acquisitions. Moving to our 2023 financial outlook. As John mentioned, we anticipate organic growth approaching 5.5% from yield. Given an expectation for a little more than 1% revenue growth from acquisitions, and a decrease in revenue contributions from recycled commodity sales and fuel surcharges, we anticipate total revenue growth of between 4% and 5.5%. When combining our plan to deliver strong organic revenue growth with a focus on optimization and cost control to drive 40 to 80 basis points of operating leverage, we expect to generate adjusted operating EBITDA of $5.825 billion to $5.975 billion in 2023. We expect to allocate $1.1 billion to capital investments in recycling and renewable natural gas growth projects in the coming year and 2023 is expected to be the peak investment year for each business. While these investments are reported as a component of our capital expenditures, and therefore, reduce our traditional measure of free cash flow. We view these investments as better than an acquisition dollar as they will produce even higher return growth as a strong complement to our existing business. Our normal course capital to support our business is expected to be between $2 billion and $2.1 billion in 2023. And free cash flow is projected to be between $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion, including the impact of sustainability growth investments. Our outlook anticipates an increase in cash interest and taxes of $175 million to $215 million and about an $80 million headwind from working capital due in large part to the timing and amount of incentive compensation payments. As Jim discussed, even as we step up our investment in high-return recycling and renewable energy growth projects, we remain well positioned to allocate our cash among all of our capital allocation priorities, including returning cash to our shareholders. Given the Board of Directors intended 7.7% increase in the 2023 dividend rate, we expect dividend payments to total about $1.1 billion in the year ahead. We also expect to continue our share repurchase program in 2023, as the Board recently provided authorization to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of our stock. While our guidance does not specifically include acquisition growth, we will continue to be opportunistic in pursuing the right deals at the right price. In closing, we are proud of what we achieved in 2022, and we're excited about the opportunities that lay ahead for 2023 and future years. I want to thank our hard-working team members for all of their contributions to our success. With that, Josh, let's open the line for questions.
Devina Rankin: Yes, Jerry, I think that that overview that you provided is spot on in terms of how it is that we're looking at margin for the year ahead, 60 basis points of margin expansion at the midpoint indicates our confidence that the momentum that we saw in the back half of 2022 should continue into 2023. We expect some of the margin pressure from the recycling part of the business to continue in the first half. So we are seeing strong fundamentals in the solid waste part of our business that should help to offset that as they did in Q4. That being said, some of the cost execution, we really are laser focused as a management team on what we're doing on the cost side of the business. And that's not just looking at inflation and responding to it but being proactive in terms of what we can do to manage it appropriately. And truck delivery trends are favorable now relative to where we started 2022, and that should give us some relief both in repair and maintenance and in truck rental costs. Our frontline retention efforts are showing really strong benefits, and we expect that to continue in 2023. We're managing down professional fees, particularly in our SG&A. And then on the SG&A front, we're also leveraging technology to automate our processes, which is improving the customer experiences and reducing our cost to serve. So all of that gives us confidence that it's our strong execution on the cost side of the equation that will complement the yield that Jim just spoke to in terms of delivering that margin expansion and exiting 2023 with 100 basis points above kind of this current run rate feels like the right target for us.
Devina Rankin: Yes. So Jerry, in 2022, we were at 30%, and we're projecting in 2023 to be at 40% of our Offtake in fixed. And I think what's important to note here is we really took a look at this back in early 2022, looking at the volume ramp of our R&D, and we were pretty intentional about thinking through how to tap into those voluntary markets. So those markets today, we're seeing them be quite robust. If you think about large public utilities and industrial end users. This is a great way for them to tap into a low-carbon fuel and we're not seeing any price back at the moment. We'll give a bit more detail in April on what it looks like longer term as well.
Devina Rankin: Tyler, I would tell you that it's too early for us to predict the impact of that to 2026 and beyond. What we're really emphasizing in our 2023 outlook is that we're starting to see some of the benefits. Yes, recycling is a piece of that. But beyond the recycling line of business, we're seeing back office to 600 headcount attrition that I mentioned in customer experience, specifically is a strong example of that. And the leverage we've gotten in SG&A margin is in large part due to some of that success. So the 40 to 80 basis points of margin expansion really is all solid waste. And so that strong performance in 2023 is an indicator of future value that we think will come as we start to see, in particular optimization efforts in the collection line of business take hold. Some of that is delayed because of truck deliveries as well as some of our efforts to take that across additional lines of business. We started in the industrial line of business intentionally, and we're seeing strong success in some of those pilots. And we're happy with where we are, but too early for us to predict how much efficiency gain we can get across all lines of business in 2020 and beyond. But I think taking the 40 to 80 basis points accomplished or predicted for 2023 is a strong indicator of the strength of those initiatives.
Devina Rankin: Margins could be backward in the first quarter of the year. The pressure from the recycling line of business is the most acute. And while drop in commodity prices is typically something that we see benefit our margin in that part of the business, because of the pass-through elements of some of it. We have seen some pressure. So we are predicting some flatness, I would say, in the first quarter, with expanding margin in the second quarter, particularly on the cost side of the business and starting to see the pricing parts of the business really contribute as they did in the second half of 2022, as we anniversary some of those impacts from the recycling line of business I mentioned. So first half, second half, I would say you'll see more muted margin expansion in the first half, stronger margin expansion in the back half. That being said, I wouldn't expect the minus 100, plus 100 that we saw in 2022 because we've overcome so many of the operating cost headwinds that we were experiencing this year and really starting to see some strong momentum there.
Devina Rankin: Sure. So EBITDA growth at the midpoint is $390 million, and so that will be the driver of free cash flow growth, cash flow from operations growth next year. Unfortunately, with this interest rate environment, we're going to have to give some of that back because our cost of debt is going up. As you can see, when you look at our fourth quarter results, our weighted average borrowing rate in the fourth quarter actually went up 80 basis points. And so that was an increase of $26 million in the quarter. We were virtually flat all year long in advance of Q4. And when we take that Q4 impact and extrapolate it to 2023, that's what's going to be driving our interest costs higher. So that in and of itself is a little over $100 million of impact. And then we do expect our debt balances to increase in the year ahead. Our debt balances are going to increase because we are seeing such strong growth, and we are going to be investing in all elements of capital allocation with that strong balance sheet. So not pulling back any on our allocation of cash to share buyback in the year ahead, is our current plan. We may moderate it some, but we'll give you more color on that over the course of the year. So with the higher debt balances and the higher interest cost that really is all of the $175 million to $215 million that I mentioned in interest and taxes. Taxes are actually going to be essentially flat. So while we would have expected some moderation in that, because of the one-time payment that I mentioned of $100 million, we're really seeing that offset by two things: one, higher pretax income; and the other being the expiration of a piece of bonus depreciation and the asset mix that we're putting in place. So those are the interest and tax pieces. The $80 million headwind I mentioned on working capital, we had an $88 million contribution to working capital in 2022. So we're essentially saying that, we think we might give some of that back. Some of that is a moderation in DSO, just because of the recessionary environment that we're predicting. But a large contributor is timing and amount of incentive compensation payments.
Devina Rankin: Sure. So the color there is really inflation in our landfill costs. And it's both from normal inflationary cost pressures, as well as the regulatory environment, that's driving some of our costs for closure, post-closure higher. So the charge that we took in the fourth quarter relates predominantly to our closed site part of the portfolio, though some of it is also representative of changes we're seeing in management of the active landfills, too. In terms of next year's DD&A, we're not predicting another step change from this current level, but we are expecting DD&A levels to reflect better delivery of trucks in the year ahead. So you'll see some increased depreciation in the first half of the year rather than waiting to see all of that impact in Q4.
Devina Rankin: Net-net G&A is going to be moderately higher just with the capital expenditure deliveries, but it's not going to be another step change from this level.
Devina Rankin: Yes, Brian, you're spot on there. Our ability to convert revenue and EBITDA dollars to free cash flow with the sustainability investments will be heightened as we come through the investment period. Fundamentally, that's because there's a different capital outlay model for this part of our business than there is for the collection and disposal business, where you're having to spend capital dollars effectively each day that you service the customer. So with maintenance capital levels meaningfully lower in both recycling and renewable energy, we're optimistic that cash flow conversion will be stronger after this investment period.
Devina Rankin: Sure. The investment we made in Natura PCR, this is really about taking film and film plastic and mechanically recycling it. Film has very low recycling rates today. And on top of that, if you look at -- all of the brands out there, CPG companies have very strong commitments to use more recycled content products. So it's a market where there is a very strong need and we have a strong fit. Also, if you think about the plastics that we collect on the brokerage side of the house, so it felt like a natural fit for us. What you're seeing in the press release are some capital dollars to invest in building out that plant portfolio in Houston and also in the Midwest, and we'll be providing a bit more information on that in April.
Devina Rankin: Yes, I can speak to the commodity volatility on both sides of the business. So on the RNG side of the house, we've talked a lot and I mentioned it today that we have 40% of our volume that's really tied into fixed price markets. And then we also have the ability on the transportation side of the house to leverage WM suit and tie it into ERINs [ph]. We're really -- sorry, RINs, conventional RINs, we're really being thoughtful about how our ramp looks long term and how to tap into those fixed versus transportation markets. And so we'll give a bit more information on that in April. But suffice it to say that, it's something that we're tracking very closely, and we have a whole host of options to ensure that we can navigate that. I think there's very strong fundamentals. If you look at what the EPA did with their announcement on the renewable volume obligation and setting a three-year pathway. So it really shores up where we're headed on the renewable natural gas side of the house. On the recycling side of the house, I think what's interesting is, if you look at the $240 million in EBITDA, 60% of that is really independent of commodity prices, and that really speaks to the fact that a big piece of it is coming from labor and labor improvements. 35% exiting the quarter in labor cost per ton improvements at our automated facilities. And then revenue quality, and a great example of that is how we're able to take mixed paper and remove cardboard from those bales and sell it at a higher price premium. And that's independent of market prices. So a lot of what we're doing will help us inflate ourselves from those wings.
Devina Rankin: And I would just say the midpoint of our guidance anticipated the commodity values that Terra just went through, the downside has contemplated some of the downside risk should those values be less than what we are currently predicting.
Devina Rankin: The way that, I would answer the question, Michael, is if you look at our outlook for the year ahead, we're implying growth from the solid waste business of about $475 million and that rivals the highest levels of growth that we've ever seen in our history. And so what we focus on in terms of measuring solid waste performance is our ability to fundamentally grow that business over the long term, both in terms of the pricing execution and our strong focus on operating cost efficiency and those things are what are driving that $475 million target.
Devina Rankin: We are predicting that strong solid waste growth coupled with some SG&A margin expansion. Those are really the two levers for next year's overall EBITDA growth.
Devina Rankin: We always focus on making sure that you guys have the best information available, and we'll continue to try and meet that goal, and we'll step back and look at our disclosures and ensure that they're appropriately robust. We think that they are today, but we know we can always get better.
Devina Rankin: The other thing I would point out is we did pull ahead some capital into the fourth quarter. And as a result of our ability to do that, we moderated our outlook for 2023 capital slightly from our original expectations. Should we see a need to adjust that further as we get into the year and perform well as we expect to do, particularly in the solid waste business, we might take some steps to accelerate capital that much further. But this is about strong execution on capital discipline, combined with our ability to ensure that our price isn't just addressing the operating cost side of the business, but also capital inflation.
Devina Rankin: It's a great question, Michael. And what we're doing is working to segment these parts of the business very clearly so that we can articulate the level of growth that each of them is expected to have. The solid waste business has outperformed that 5% to 7% target that we established, and we couldn't be more proud of those results. In terms of what's happening in the RNG and recycling businesses, we're talking about a new step level change in our free cash flow generation for the business. Our ability to grow that, I think done a great job of articulating the fact that this opportunity and what's outlined in the supplemental deck is just a starting point for us. Our portfolio provides tremendous upside opportunity from here. Our ability to say whether that's 5% to 7% or some other number, that will come as we further articulate our plans for building out the total addressable market that we have across our landfill network.
Devina Rankin: Sure. I'll speak to the price side, and this is a footnote in our press release, but we did see pricing come down in the three categories, slight decline on the power side. And as you can imagine, we saw some record power prices related to some of the dynamics in 2022 related to weather and whatnot. So that's reflected on the power side. On the natural gas side, natural gas pricing has come down. We were north of $5 in 2022 and now coming in and around 360, that's what we're guiding to. And then on RIN prices, again, 230 is what we have in our guidance. And I think I just went over a little bit of the dynamics there. As far as the supply and demand dynamic, I think what's really important to note on the renewable natural gas side is there are two markets, and they're quite robust. The first is on the transportation side, which is where we generate D3 RINs. And for us, we're in a unique position. Jim has mentioned this before, where we own our own fleet, so we're able to capture more of the value, and we have robust discussions with obligated parties. So we're able to trade those RINs and have a long history with that. At the same time, you have this voluntary market that exists where many, many public utilities have come out with announcement where they need to decarbonize their own portfolios and the fastest way for them to do that is to buy renewable natural gas and buy renewable natural gas at a price premium. And again, we'll give you more information on this in April, but we feel really positive about the options that we have for each of those.
Devina Rankin: Yes, it's a great question. And when we wish we had a specific science towards being able to predict the Q4 results were best ever in terms of the difference between core price and yield. And in large part, that speaks to the strong churn that John mentioned during his prepared remarks, the 400 basis point improvement there is a really strong indicator that price is holding with our customers and that we're doing -- I'm sorry, the comment was on robot on churn, but our churn has been really strong as well. And our ability to hold on to every core price dollar and convert that to yield really was the best we've ever seen. In terms of our ability to predict that we'd still see those levels in 2023, I think it actually goes back to Stephanie's question earlier about the macroeconomic outlook. We used our long-term averages of converting our core price dollar to yield, rather than the fourth quarter launch pad. Because we view the macroeconomic environment is a little more uncertain than it is today, though we are seeing those signs of self-antigen done a good job of articulating. We do think that all indicators point to a soft recession in '23, and we didn't want to overpredict our ability to convert core price to yield in the year ahead.
Jim Fish: Jerry, let me tackle the first question first on recycling, and then I'll touch on yield overall. Recycling, obviously, fell off the table there at the end of the year. I think a lot of it had to do with China itself, even though China isn't a big customer of ours anymore, they still affect the overall market, particularly when we think about OCC. And their zero COVID policy certainly destabilize the market. I think as they've reopened, we've started to see some stabilization there. So that should help, and that's part of why we are a bit more optimistic in '23 with pricing starting to climb back up. It did climb up a bit in December, and we think it will continue to climb, albeit not back up to where it was for the year in 2022. To your question about yield in general and 5.5%, yield is doing exactly what we thought it would do. It's doing exactly what we said it would do last year. I kind of felt like we yield and cost, we're in a fistfight for the last 18 months with really no winter. And what we said was that we hope that when inflation moderated, which it is, that we would start to be able to use yield to not only cover costs, but also put a few points on the board in terms of margin. And that's exactly what's happening. So, we think that 5.5% yield number is absolutely the right direction. We're sensitive to customers. I mean, some of our yield numbers last year were double digits. And when inflation comes back down to 4%, 4.5%, I don't expect to take commercial increases at the 11.5% range. So I think we're pleased with the projection, and we're pleased actually with the fact that costs are starting to moderate and we can actually apply a little bit of our yield to the margin line.
Jim Fish: We didn't really give guidance on M&A. Historically, we've said $100 million to $200 million, so it's likely going to be kind of in that range. But the reason to your point that we've decided to accelerate some of this is just simply the opportunity itself. I mean I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, but it really is part of our solid waste business. This is gas as a result of Subtitle V and Air Quality Regulations that's coming to us anyway. About half of that gas has been monetized over the last, I don't know, 20 years, but we still have half left and we're certainly not monetizing the full amount when you look at that deck, but that, that we are monetizing we're effectively paying kind of a three times multiple instead of what you might pay for an acquisition, which would be kind of eight to 12 times. So, that's why we're feeling so good about it. And we've modeled these at very conservative numbers. Right now, we're well above those. So, I think the opportunity just started to present itself through the designation of this gas as being renewable. The markets themselves opening up and now with an opportunity which Tara can go into about electricity. In those cases, we don't even have to add capital if we already have electric facilities generating facilities out there.
Jim Fish: And one -- maybe one last point here that I did mention also, but I'll mention it again. That differentiates us from our competition, and that is that CNG fleet. I mean 74% of our fleet is CNG and the way RINs works is you have to burn the fuel before you can monetize the RIN and having a fleet that is three quarters natural gas gives us a potential stream there, earnings stream that our competition who might be at 15% to 30% CNG, they simply don't have that or at least don't have it to the same potential that we do.
Jim Fish: There were a few moving parts in the volume that was down slightly for Q4. Some of it was by design, residential specifically. Some of it was a couple of lost contracts in the commercial line of business and that was typically going to be in our national accounts group. And then, some of it is maybe softness showing up in the roll-off line of business. I guess, if there's any good news there, and it is that when we just looked at our January numbers this morning, they were actually better than Q4 on the volume front, particularly C&D, although some of that C&D might be coming from the hurricane cleanup in Florida. But MSW was a positive sign for January. So even with that, we felt that a negative 0.5% to a positive 0.5%. So a flat volume with last year, as John mentioned, was appropriate. And I guess, as we look at the tea leaves for the economy -- there are a few factors that are concerning out there; the housing slowdown, for sure. I mean, that's been widely discussed and that housing slowdown. While our C&D volume has been very good and continues to be good. We think that C&D will come back a bit. It almost has to with the housing slowdown. Special waste continues to be a strong point for us and the pipeline is good there. But I think as you think about, whether it's the housing slowdown or whether you think about the consumers saving at 7% in 2020 and now down to almost zero, because inflation has eaten up that savings. That's going to affect the consumer. But the good news for us is that our strategy is really not built around the volume aspect. It's built around cost controls, it's built around building out this sustainability strategy, and it's built around pricing. And so, we're pleased with being able to come in at the top end of the range on EBITDA at 7% for 2023.
Jim Fish: So there is a bit of the -- when we automate in the recycling piece in the deck, there is a bit of that in the $260 million, I think, was the number, but...
Jim Fish: But there are other areas where we're automating away positions and that are not captured in that deck at all, that really have nothing to do with RNG or recycling.
Jim Fish: Tyler, let me expand so quick on what she just said about the 600 position, because that will become close to 1,000 positions just in customer experience. And we've talked a lot over the last couple of years about automation. But we haven't really given you kind of the numbers and where it's benefiting the bottom line. This is a good example. I mean, what we really did there was used a turnover number that was close to 50%. And customer experience, took advantage of that attrition. And at the same time, we automated the customer experience, which every other industry, by the way, has done over the last 20 years, and we hadn't. It was -- ours was still kind of a person-to-person experience. We haven't eliminated the person-to-person experience, but we've just made it available, made a self-service option available to our customers. And as a result, our call volume is down close to 25%. That's a huge drop in call volume. And hence, our ability to take advantage of attrition to the tune of 600 positions in 2022 and another close to 400 positions in 2023.
Jim Fish: Well, I think we think about it -- I mean, we're thinking about pricing because there are -- there's a two-fold exercise here. One is combating cost increases or inflation, which was why the last 18 months have been so challenging, because we really felt like it was almost all, in fact, in many cases, all of it was going towards combating inflation. And then a second piece is adding a few margin points for us. So as we look at this through our price group, particularly for commercial since that's where your question was, we think that pricing will moderate a bit, because inflation is moderating significantly. And that ends up being a good thing for us. If you look at collection and disposal yield for last year versus our guidance for this year, last year was $6.7 million this year guidance is 5.5%. So there is some moderation in yield there. But significantly, we're projecting at least a significantly different cost picture. So we think the price starts to contribute to margin again, whereas, it hasn't for the last probably three years.
Jim Fish: Yeah, I think maybe one place where it might not moderate as much is on the landfill side. I mean, we have a differentiated product there and so not that we don't have a differentiated product on the collection side, but landfill in particular, the yield was 6.2% MSW last year. I think that's probably the highest annual yield for MSW maybe in our history. And I don't expect that to come back to at a lot.
Jim Fish: And I might add one thing because in your question about adding volatility, I mean, I guess you could say that. But look, as I said, and Tara has mentioned as well, this gas is coming to us regardless. I mean, this is gas that is produced by these landfills as a result of MSW going into them. And about half of it is monetized in some form today. All we're doing here is taking advantage of a situation that was presented to us, but also taking advantage of our natural gas fleet and turning that 50% that isn't monetized into some value add for shareholders. Does it add some volatility? I guess it adds some, although Tara has gone through a part of her answer to question earlier was to -- that we are looking to take some of that volatility away by fixing some of the pricing. But I think there's this view that why would you add a volatile business here? And the answer is, we're just taking gas that's being produced by these sites and turning it into a very, very profitable revenue stream with very, very strong paybacks.
Jim Fish: Well, a couple -- I think you're making a couple of points here. Just to maybe correct one thing. Price isn't going down if that's what you were implying. It's not going down. It's just going up by slightly less than it did last year. And to your question about whether we would consider spinning off the RNG business. I mean, first of all, there's a lot of options for us and we would never take any options off the table. But what Tara said earlier, which I think is important is we -- part of the value for us is that we like owning the gas, we like owning the facilities. And so for the time being, the answer is we're going to develop these ourselves. We're going to -- and we're going to see the full benefits come to ourselves. And we'll do everything we can to try and mitigate the volatility -- but we like owning the gas itself. We like being in a position -- I've been in a position in the field where I managed the landfill where we didn't own the well field. And that was not a great position to be in, having been there a number of years ago. So, we like being in a position where we manage the well fields that produce the gas. Not to say we wouldn't consider that down the road. But for now, we're kind of in our infancy and we're going to own and develop on our own for now.
Jim Fish: Yes, I'm glad you made that point, John, because we did change a lot of these contracts from four years ago, and I think that's your point.
Jim Fish: Suffice to say, it’s the margins on this business, Michael, and whether you're looking at margins on the EBITDA side are 70%-ish maybe 75%. I mean, we'll get -- as she’ll still give more detail on in April. And then as Devina went through, the cash conversion is tremendous, too. So it's why this business -- why we're so excited about it. And nobody has asked a question about M&A, but I did mention that I'd rather do a three times EBITDA investment than a 10 times EBITDA investment where there's some uncertainty about integration. So we'll talk about revenue and what it means. But these are hugely high margins on the EBITDA line with these RNG plants.
Jim Fish: I wouldn't say that any of us are macroeconomists. So whether we're projecting a recession or not is hard to say. But we are projecting some softness for sure. We saw some softness in our volume numbers, as I mentioned, probably particularly in roll-off for Q4, and that's continued a bit in January, albeit -- our numbers were a little stronger volume-wise in January. I think if we try and read those tea leaves ourselves, and we're all reading as much information as we can, it feels like there could be some type of slowdown, especially as the consumer eats through all of their savings. But I am -- the last thing I am as a macro economist. So I can't sit here and tell you, yes, we're going to see a recession next year. We're just having to manage our business to – to our own best abilities. And that's why we have taken cost control on very seriously. That's why pricing is still an important aspect of this. And then at the same time, for the long-term, these renewable natural gas facilities and automation of a number of these positions makes a lot of sense. So that really is affected by – by any downturn in the economy.
Jim Fish: Okay. Thank you. Well, we ran a bit long today, but we have a lot to cover. Thank you for your patience. Thanks for joining us and we will talk to you next quarter.
Tara Hemmer: The only other thing I would just add to what Jim said regarding the acceleration of the investment is the investment tax credit and the fact that, that is a really strong pathway for us to get some tax credits on our investments and there's a timeline associated with that. And we feel really positive about where we are in our ability to capture those tax credits. We've modeled about $300 million, which you see in the deck. Regarding our broader portfolio, I mean, this is one of the reasons why we talk about this opportunity being so great because we preserved so many options for WM because we own the gas. We own our projects. We announced 20 projects. There's a whole pipeline that can come after that. And then with the e-RINs [ph] pathway, if you look at our legacy landfill gas to electricity projects, we can create an earnings stream with no incremental capital, and that's not in our numbers today. So, that's upside long-term. So, we're really optimistic about what we have in front of us here.
Tara Hemmer: Yes. So John mentioned in his remarks, the 35% reduction on our automated plants on labor cost per ton, and that's what we saw in Q4. And then that 137 number is related to the headcount attrition related to automation in 2022, and we're expecting 200 in 2023.
Tara Hemmer: Yes. So $70 a ton number for 2023, exiting December of this year, just north of $50 a ton. And we're seeing some signs on the plastic side, is a great example, where we're seeing plastic pricing increase a bit. And we've seen that uptick related to, again, CPG companies trying to meet their sustainability commitments on using recycled content. So we expect, if you look at that ramp through Q1, Q2, Q3, we'll start to see that ramp over the quarters when you look at how commodity prices will move on the recycling side of the business. And then, on the renewable energy side of the house, that $2.30 RIN price, exiting 2022, RIN prices were higher. We've seen a bit of a dip on RIN pricing that definitely recognizes what we're seeing in the market today and where we expect it will hedge throughout 2023. Just remember, 40% of our off-take is fixed. So the other 60% is exposed.
Tara Hemmer: Today, we have 40% fixed based on the roughly 4 million MMBtu, and so that is what is fixed today. We're working on fixing more of that longer-term.
Tara Hemmer: Yes. We have a goal. We'll give you more information on that in April, Michael. We have a pathway to have a portfolio mix longer-term.
Tara Hemmer: Yeah. I think the important thing to remember here is that earlier in -- really in December of 2022, EPA came out with their that rule, which on the positive side, set a three-year framework for renewable volume obligations, which for us for the long-term is positive because at the end of the day, it really sets the standard for the program and the RIN pathway for us. I think there's been a little bit of speculation in the marketplace around whether or not those were the right numbers that EPA issued. We're confident that come June when EPA issues their final rule, there'll be more clarity. So I think that's a little bit of what you're seeing. But long-term, strong fundamentals on the price side related to RINs.
Tara Hemmer: So, the important thing to remember is it's a proposed rule and EPA will be coming out with our final framework sometime over the summer. I think from our perspective though, you got to look at the 66 landfill gas to electricity plants that we have, that we own. And this, we believe, will be a significant revenue stream for us long term. It's a great example of our ability, where we have owned these facilities and invested in them and retained the value. Now, we're in a position to optimize the value with this pathway. So, really waiting for a bit more color from EPA on what their final framework is going to look like, but really optimistic. Again, no incremental CapEx on that potential revenue stream.
Tara Hemmer: Yes, great question. I think we're -- first and foremost, we're really confident on the path that we're on with the 20 projects that we have in the deck. And we're actively looking at our portfolio. We're going to make the best economic decision, the best environmental decision. And the good news is, we have a lot of options here. I mean, that's something that Jim said earlier on, good, really good or great. We view these frameworks as great for WM. So we're going to evaluate what makes the most sense for us long term.
John Morris: I think the only one I would make there, Jim, is the residential line of business, specific if you look at our volume loss there, clearly, we continue to make deliberate decisions. We mentioned some of the franchises that we've parted ways with. And even if you look at the 4.5% or 4.7% negative volume, our revenue was still up over $50 million for the quarter in residential. And as we've said, we're going to continue down that path until we get acceptable returns and margins for that line of business. And so we're happy with that progress. We don't like intentionally shedding that business but under these conditions, like Jim said, the inflation is what we're combating and it's been most acute in residential, partly due to the labor intensity there.
John Morris: Yes, that's a good question. A few things are happening on that front. One is we've digitized a lot of the customer-facing elements of sort of these transactions. So customers have the better ability to transact with us when and how they want to from a digital perspective. We're seeing that translate to NPS scores, not a surprise that we in the beginning of the year had some dips in our NPS scores as we were challenged on some of the labor and asset fronts that Devina and Jim commented on, but that started to improve in the second half of the year, which has also helped our service quality. So, we're seeing our NPS score start to move the right way in the back half of the year. And we're also, at the same time, seeing the benefits from some of the labor arbitrage. As Jim mentioned, these are not jobs we're moving out. These are jobs that we're not replacing because they're because they're high turnover. And I think Tara and Jim gave good color on what's happening with the recycling and the recycling front with respect to automation benefits. And we've touched on the other big bucket is moving from sort of the traditional manual rear load system to the ASL system, that's another element of automation where we're clearly seeing benefits.
John Morris: I was just going to add on the recycling side. If you look at that separately from the RNG comments you made, if you went back five or six years ago and looked at the commodity price versus what their earnings stream was out of the recycling facilities was much different. But in my prepared comments, you earn at $47 a ton. We're still seeing strong earnings and returns in our -- in all of our MRFs, not to mention the fact that when you were to carve out the automated plants, which is only a small portion, we're going to add to that next year, as Tara mentioned, those margins are even higher. So I would argue that we've taken out a lot of the volatility in the recycling business, and that's why you continue to see our conviction in those investments going forward.
John Morris: I would tell you, Michael, I think with Devina and I can share this – we all do on OpEx. But I think to Jim's point, we were kind of arm wrestling with it, I forget the phrase used, Jim. I think the efforts that we undertook last year and what happened in the last two quarters, in particular, the fourth quarter make us feel really good about what's happening on the solid waste side and some of the commentary was about price and yield and the movement. But when you see OpEx, our guidance on OpEx moving the way it is for next year and the EBITDA improvement in Devina said what the strength of the solid waste business is we feel really good about how we're entering 2023.
John Morris: I think, Michael, if you look at the inflationary pressure and the performance on the revenue side related to that, we've been also very sensitive to the fact that capital shouldn't just necessarily go up because revenue is. We're looking at it by line of business and what's happened from a volume perspective. And I think that's what you're seeing part of the leverage there. On the supply side, Michael, I would tell you, this was a challenging year in terms of juggling CapEx mostly because of the truck-related issues that we had. So 2023 will be more balanced, but I think you're seeing the sub-10 number as a result of our discipline around capital dollars.
