David Steiner: Sure, and I think you're exactly right, Hamzah. The mix issues, you know, they were more dramatic at 60 to 80 basis points this quarter than they've been in the past. And frankly, we don't see those offsetting. And so what we need to do is we'll get that 80 to 100 basis points of benefit from the actions we're taking. And hopefully, that more than offsets the mix issues. Now obviously, if the mix issues get worse in the back half of the year and you can't predict the mix, it's a problem. If they were to get worse in the back half of the year, obviously, that would have more of an effect on that 100 basis point improvement. The first part of the question is interesting. I think everybody recognizes that we've generally been the price leader in the markets that we serve. And in the past, what we've seen is that the regional and national competitors that basically drafted off of our price actions and all the rises, all the tides lifted the rising boats. But what we've always seen sort of pockets of places where I would say there wasn't as much pricing discipline. Over the last couple of quarters, what we've seen is that those pockets have expanded to where it looks to us like it's virtually in every one of our markets that we're seeing folks that aren't drafting on our pricing actions anymore. They're taking actions that are designed more to get volume than to draft on our pricing actions, and that's become pretty widespread throughout our markets, obviously, as the economy hasn't improved. Now the reality is that you get -- you can never get as much benefit from volume as you can from pricing. All the pricing falls to the bottom line but the volume doesn't. And so we continue to recognize that the trade-off is positive. But the trade-off is positive. We've been raising prices on our current customer base where we've seen the deterioration. Again, as you pointed out, it's frankly in the pricing rollbacks in order to maintain our customers that are under attack and in the mix, which, obviously, we don't have any control over. So if we see sort of the 20 to 40 basis points of mix in the back half of the year offset by the 80 basis points to 100 basis points of pricing action, that's how you get back to our 2% yield.
David Steiner: Yes, it shouldn't affect the return of our cash to the shareholders. And from a synergy point of view, certainly, there are synergies that will be obtained in the combination. But the primary driver of value here is the ability to manage the waste volumes that they're collecting from the customers. And so very little of the benefit comes from synergies. The primary driver of value here will be managing that network.
David Steiner: Yes. And Scott, like I said before, the interesting thing that's happened over the last couple of quarters is that it has become more widespread throughout the business units. It started out at the beginning of the year. We recognized that there was going to be some pretty aggressive action in big residential contracts and we took account of that in our front year guidance. But it has spread to the roll-off in the commercial lines. We just got through in the last 2 weeks going through all 25 of our geographic areas to look at their market business strategy for the next 4 years. And for the first time since I've been meeting with these folks on a quarterly basis, it was virtually every market that said they're seeing very aggressive pricing action spreading, starting out, obviously, in the residential line of business but now spreading to the commercial and the industrial line. And that's why you see our price rollbacks growing. So in other words, I think the whole point of the pricing is a few things. First off, we're not going to back off on our price increases because the trade-off is still positive, but we are seeing more reductions from rollbacks, which is obviously competitively driven. And then we got this mix issue that, quite frankly, we didn't see coming in the beginning part of the year. You can't predict the mix. And it really hit us hard in the second quarter. We expect it to abate a little bit but we still expect to see some of that in the third and fourth quarters.
David Steiner: When I look at the senior leadership team and the composition of the senior leadership team, what we were trying to do was to align the senior leadership team around our primary focuses. Right now, that is all about our customer focus, growth efforts and our innovation and optimization efforts. And I wanted to get the team aligned around that. Bringing Jim Trevathan in from the field, I think, was something that we needed in order to make sure that we could drive both of those into the field. I mean those are the 2 biggest things we're working on, and I needed someone with a depth of experience and with field credibility to be able to drive those big programs throughout the company. So I think Jim will be a tremendous benefit there. On the CFO search, as you all know, it will be very difficult to replace Bob, but we are well on the way in our search. And we fully expect that by the time he marches out the door on September 30, we'll have his replacement in the chair.
David Steiner: Yes, there's really 2 approaches that will take in every market. The obvious one is exactly that. But when you think about it, just to use an example, let's assume that a hauler has $100,000 of Oakleaf business in a particular market and that's 10% of their revenue. If $100,000 is 10% of their revenue, that means they have $1 million of total revenue, right? And that also means that about 30% to 40% of that $1 million is disposal costs for them. So they've got $300,000 to $400,000 of disposal costs on their $1 million of revenue, right? That's 3x to 4x the amount of revenue that Oakleaf has in that market, that $100,000. So when you think about it, you can get 3x to 4x the revenue if you're able to get all of their disposal volumes in a line of business that has about double the margins of the collection line of business. So if we're able to work with those haulers to get them to bring all of their volumes to our disposal and recycling facilities, we actually do a lot better than if we take over that business on the truck. We can do better on the order of magnitudes. So you're getting 3x to 4x the revenue in a line of business that probably has double the margin. So you're getting 6x to 8x more benefit if you can add that hauler, bring their volumes to your landfill network and your recycling network. And so we're going to work with those local haulers to actually keep them in place. But look, if we can provide better disposal solutions for them, that become a win for them and a win for us
David Steiner: That's about right. It's about half -- a little bit more than half of the environmental fee, and then the rest from accelerating price increases into the year.
David Steiner: Yes. And frankly, we were a little bit surprised by it. When you look at the first quarter, we had a slight negative for mix. In the second quarter, that went to $19.5 million, and so it was a pretty dramatic shift pretty quickly. And most of that occurred in our southern group. So for example, in South Florida, we have franchise business. And in the franchise markets, our permanent roll-off is actually higher priced than our temporary roll-off, a little different than most of our other markets. But the permanent roll-off business has started in Florida, has started to feel the heat from the economy over the last few years. But actually, there was a pretty good tick-up in temporary businesses. So you had a mix in the roll-off line that went from higher-priced to lower-priced volumes. You've also had some residential contracts throughout the country where, in order to maintain or extend those contracts, we'll go in and offer a recycling service. So if you are doing a solid waste home at $12 a home and you go in and you do recycling at $2 a home, you've made a good business decision. But your yield looks like it's going down. And then we've got a lot of special waste, as you know, for the last few years and special waste is always interesting. The example I use is if you have a landfill where you are bringing in waste from a long distance, you might charge $18 at a whole but you charge $50 for transportation. But then if the volumes come in from closer, you might charge $20 at the whole with no transportation. So you're actually making a great business decision. You're making more money but it looks like your price has gone down because of the mix of volumes. And so I think with the increase in special waste, with the change in South Florida, with the change with some of the residential contracts and then with our normal churn, we saw that hit us a lot harder in the second quarter than we've seen in the past.
David Steiner: Yes. When we look at volumes, really, what you're seeing -- I think what we're seeing in volumes mirrors the U.S. economy, which is we just aren't seeing the West and the South come back, work through their housing problems as fast as we expected. And then -- so what we've seen in the last few quarters is that the Midwest and the East have actually been doing fairly well. The South and the West haven't been doing so well. And then this quarter, what you saw was that the West and the South continued to have negative volumes. But you also saw in May and June, you saw even some softness in the Midwest and the East, which, I think, is probably driven by the same effects, the same factors that you saw on the national economy. So what we're seeing is that volumes continue to remain stubbornly low. We've talked about it since the beginning of the downturn, which is what you'll see, I believe, is when you see the commercial volumes start to turn is when you'll see the volumes turn for us. And we just haven't seen that happen yet.
David Steiner: And I would tell you that I think that's exactly right. The primary change is the volumes. The secondary change has been the price rollbacks. I mean we did not go into the year expecting to see the level of price rollbacks we have. Obviously, it's a more competitive market out there than we had anticipated. And I think that makes sense given where the volumes are. We expected there to be a little bit of return to the volume, which obviously takes a little bit of the pressure off of both local, regional and national players to lower price. I think as they've seen the volumes continue to remain weak, they've gotten more aggressive on price. And as I keep saying and saying and saying, and I'll continue to say, we're not going to take those actions but we're going to have to respond to those actions by maintaining customers through price rollbacks.
David Steiner: And what it comes down to, I mean the churn rate in the quarter was actually slightly improved. But the problem is that we have to rollback prices to maintain those customers. So I don't think -- look, we have a choice. When every customer calls in and says they got a lower price from someone in the competition, we have two choices: let them go or maintain them by reducing their price as little as we can by offering them other services and things like that. But we need to maintain those customers. So at the same time, we've got a pricing strategy that says we're going to continue exactly as we've been in the past, getting those 6% to 7% price increases and maintaining our new business pricing discipline, but we're going to have to be more aggressive to maintain customers.
David Steiner: Yes, I think -- actually, that's a great question, Michael. And that's what we've been spending a lot of time. I would say we've been spending most of our time over the last probably 3 weeks working on. And I think you are exactly right. The parallel is very clear. The only difference is -- and so the organization will get it done. I don't have any doubt about that. We've already got the environmental fee rolling out. We've got the acceleration of our price increases in the pipeline. So the organization will respond. I don't have any doubt about that. The difference that we've got between this year and that year, because what you saw was we dropped below 1% and then we immediately snapped back well above 2%, the only difference you have between now and then is this mix issue, right? I mean we didn't have the 60 to 80 basis points of mix headwind. And again, mix doesn't necessarily reduce your bottom line earnings. In my examples, you're actually making more money but it looks like your yield is going down. And so you would see exactly the same snapback if it weren't for these mix issues. And the way we're looking at the mix issues right now, we're expecting them to continue in the back half of the year. So I think the corollary is identical. As soon as we see deterioration, we take action to do something about it and we intend to maintain that discipline.
David Steiner: You're exactly right. And when we look at it, we look at new business pricing, lost business pricing, the business that we look at from a lost business pricing point of view, the business that we have is spectacular business. It's way above what our competition is charging for new business. And so the smart thing to do is to maintain those customers because you don't have the -- obviously, you don't have the acquisition cost for those customers but you also have those customers already at great rates. And so you've hit the nail right on the head. The problem is that we have to spend our efforts defending the price, and we're going to do that. And I would hope that, as folks recognize, that we're not going to let go of customers as readily as we have in the past, that they'll realize that, for their own company, they're going to start a debt spiral that probably doesn't end where they want it to end.
David Steiner: I think in South Florida, I'm not sure if I call it an economic recovery. It's a dead cat bounce, right? I mean the roll-off volumes went down so dramatically that it's pretty easy for them to grow, right? And so you've actually seen a little bit of growth in the temporary business but you've seen shrinkage in the permanent business.
David Steiner: Yes, Michael, it's interesting because obviously, you have to spend money to make money. And we had a lot of opportunities to get long-term benefits. We identified it at the beginning of the year. We knew we had to spend money in order to get those benefits. I mean that's just the nature of the beast. But we also expected volumes to bounce back. I mean, look, the reality is that these dollars that we're spending to benefit our future wouldn't even be recognized if we were showing volume growth and continuing to get 2%-plus yield. It wouldn't be affecting our numbers whatsoever. We happen to be spending money for the future in the teeth of volumes and price that aren't as strong as we thought they would be. And so you have 2 choices, right? You either say, okay, we're going to cut the spending because we're not seeing the volumes with price come in, or you say, we're going to continue to do what we think is the best thing for the long term of this company. And you spend despite the fact that you’re seeing -- because you know you are going to get the future benefit and you keep spending despite the fact that it's been a tough year. I said it in my script, it's a tough balance to do for the long term and the short term. But we're going to spend to benefit the long term. But on the other hand, we're also going to go to our organization and say, look, we've got to find everywhere we can to cut out costs other than the investment in the future. And so when you talk about a Board, our Board is obviously a long-term thinking Board. We're a long-term thinking management team. And so I think they have -- as long as they're seeing the progress, I think they've got the right amount of patience.
David Steiner: Well, as we said, a good part of that is from pricing actions, and we've already done that. Now if we had to roll that back dramatically, but we built into the plan what we think is a reasonable amount of rollback of that, and so that could affect it. And on the cost side, we've already taken a lot of the action to pull those costs down. So yes, we're pretty caught confident there.
David Steiner: Yes, it's a different -- we also had a different level of different service in there, right? And so I think that's a great point. That's a place where it looks like we are reducing price, but basically what we did was we went in with different service levels and we actually do just as well on that contract than we did at the higher price. And so it's one of those actions that is a good business decision but that also that makes it look like you're dropping price.
David Steiner: Yes, from a volume perspective -- Corey, we just haven't seen -- and it's actually very interesting to watch our volume reports because what you'll see is a couple of weeks where you start to think that you're turning the corner and we've actually had a couple of weeks where our volumes were not only above 2010 volumes but we've done a roll-off in the disposal side. But they're not only above 2010 volumes, but they've been above 2009 volumes. And then all of a sudden, they've flattened out. And then on the commercial side, we just haven't seen -- unfortunately, I think that cat's been dead for a while and we just haven't seen any bounce on the commercial side. And that, to me, is indicative of the fact that there's not a lot of strength on the consumer side of the United States economy. There's strength on the manufacturing side. There's strength on the server-side. But right now, there's not a lot of strength on the consumer side.
David Steiner: No, I think actually, they're doing a good job. I mean again, it comes down to the question of how fast could you add customers to replace the customers that you let leave you and at what rate are they leaving you. And when they're leaving us at the highest rate that we've seen from a rate per yard, rate per pull on the industrial site, when they're leaving us at the highest rates we've seen in a number of years, those are the types of customers -- not the highest rates in the volume point of view but the highest rates from a price per yard and price per pull point of view, those are customers that you don't want to lose. And then you've got to go out and acquire new customers to replace them if you want to maintain your volume. And that cost you some money. And in this environment, that's not an easy thing to do either without lowering your price. So it's the right strategy for us. Can we do better? Yes, we can do better. We can save them at higher prices, and we've got our folks focused on doing that. But it's the right business decision to make and it's one that we've got to continue to make.
David Steiner: Yes, their CapEx is fairly low. Obviously, for us, we've got -- as I said before, we've got sort of the 2 business models. We've got the 1 business model where we will have to go in and become the hauler. But our preferred method would be to work with the vendor network to allow them to offer other services that we have, whether it's recycling, LampTracker, other types of services, and then able to offer disposal and recycling services to them across their business line. That's our preferred method. If we go in a market where we go about that method, obviously, there's no additional capital because the containers will stay in place. If we aren't to work out those types of arrangements with the vendor network, then we're going to have to go and replace them and spend some capital. But we don't see that. As I recall, Bob, that was sort of in the $10 million to $15 million on the high end that we have to spend in capital in the back half of the year. And again, if we can work with the vendor network in a win-win manner, we won't even have to spend that.
David Steiner: Yes, well, it makes it easier because we now control a big portion of their collection business, right? I mean in the example I used, if 10% of their business is Oakleaf business, we would prefer to leave that in place and work out an arrangement with the vendor hauler where they bring us recycling volumes and disposal volumes at a level that's cost neutral or maybe even cost beneficial to them. So that's a huge win for them. It's a huge win for us. The reason why we're able to do that, that we aren't able to do now is we don't have -- 10% of their business in that market isn't controlled by Waste Management. As of today, it is. And so if you want to maintain that business, then we've got to look at the other parts of our business relationship to make it a win-win. It's not a win for Waste Management if one of our vendor haulers just simply maintains that $100,000 of business in the market and we do nothing. That is not a win for Waste Management. There's only 2 ways we can win: one, put it in on the back of our trucks and bring it in to our landfill. But then we only get that 10% of the business. If we can get 100% of their volumes into our disposal network, that's a huge win for us. And if we can do it at a cost-neutral, even a cost-beneficial number to the vendor hauler, it's a win for them. And so it's a bigger win for us and a good win for them, and we see that as positive for everyone.
David Steiner: Yes, what I'd like to say is a couple of things. Obviously, we're not happy with what happened in our second quarter. And hopefully, what you've heard today is that we're going to take actions to get this thing right. But we're not going to do that by sacrificing the future. And then I think a couple of other things. On the Oakleaf transaction, I think we'd be remiss if we didn't mention the amazing work that our team did putting this together. We've been in discussions with them for quite a long time but we got into some very serious discussions over the last month or so.  And I'd be remiss if I didn't mention John Stein [ph], our legal team and Joe Cassin and Buddy West and Shawn Hill in our finance group and Scott Stadelman in the sales department and tons of other people that have been working night and day to get this deal done. It was a phenomenal job by them. This is going to be a great opportunity for Waste Management. It's also going to be a great opportunity for the folks at Oakleaf. So we're really looking forward to getting to know our new partner. And I can promise you, we'll be meeting with them regularly to let them know what's going on, as we will with the vendor hauler network.  And then finally, I wanted to say this is actually Bob's last quarterly conference call. And from my point of view, we've been together now for about 7 years. Bob's been a great business partner, but he's a better friend than a business partner. And we will certainly all miss his sage advice as he wanders off to retire to his beloved Kingwood. So Bob, congratulations on the retirement. And I'm sure I'll be visiting your house often.
Robert Simpson: I think what you'll see is the SG&A will still be up year-over-year. It won't be up as much as we had planned from the beginning. But the initiatives, the customer-focused growth initiatives and the innovation and business optimization initiatives, are going to continue. And they're incremental to what we were spending last year. So what we've done is we've been sourced a lot of the consulting work and won't be needing that anymore. And we produced ads in a number of places and in a number of functions. So I think that it will -- I expect SG&A for the year to be a little under 12% of revenue.
Robert Simpson: I would tell you that the drop is volume. That drop in volume, Al, is offset by the actions we're taking on the cost side. Remember, the actions we're taking on the yield side ought to just get us back to where our guidance was at the beginning of the year. And if the actions that we're taking on the cost side plus a little bit of improvement in our outlook for recycling commodity prices and recycling volumes.
Robert Simpson: It's like it will be more like last year where we have stronger free cash flow in the second half of the year than we had previously, and I think that's what we're expecting to see.
Robert Simpson: Well, I think that's right. I mean we're taking a lot of steps. We're paying the price in SG&A now to grow our business, to reduce our costs. And we should see the benefits of those, some of it in the second half of this year but accelerating into 2012 and later years.
Robert Simpson: Yes, I think what I was saying, Corey, is not yet in what I've -- first of all, I think we've shown over time that raising prices hasn't really impacted our churn rate. Our churns have been between 9 and 11, ever since I got here 12 years ago. It stayed in that range and it's still in that range now. So the impact of raising prices hasn't been a significant impact in how our volumes have performed. Now we have increased rollbacks in the second quarter and that maybe indicate a higher level of competition. But we're still going to get 2% yield even with a little bit higher level of rollbacks. We think the real driver of the volumes isn't the price increases. It's the economy and where businesses are right now.
Albert Kaschalk: I want to press a little bit on this mix issue and in particular, what changed from sort of the April call to today or to adjusting guidance down what seems like a significant number in a very short period of time.
Albert Kaschalk: David, if I looked at the 1.5% to 2.5% decline and then back out the so-called large special waste item, that being in the gulf, what's the decline in the business now? Because you were basically suggesting flat heading into this sprint, but there's obviously these items you've talked about.
Albert Kaschalk: Okay. And then if I may try to bridge or do the waterfall from the prior EPS guidance to the current, which, I guess, excludes any consideration of the Oakleaf, it looks like at midpoint there's an $0.11 drop to the guidance. And so I was wondering, if someone could provide the buckets of which you would associate that $0.11 drop, so 50% volume, 3% of it's price, I mean what's the...
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And so another side of that question is, you're being more proactive about defending long-standing businesses as opposed...
Michael Hoffman: Okay. But that in itself is not necessarily a bad thing either because the alternative is to replace it without being too long about this. I mean if you had a customer churn at 10%, then you're talking about having customers for 10 years. So if you've held on to somebody for 10 years and you put him in at $3 a yard 10 years ago but raised prices 6% year-over-year, you're somewhere in the $5 or $6 a yard now and the competitor's somewhere between $3 and $5 to try and pick it off.
Michael Hoffman: All right. And then you've highlighted Florida very specifically. And unfortunately, there's 3 relatively sizable -- between Advanced Choice and Waste Pro, they're noted for being the price draggers in Florida. But the other thing is such -- I can see where maybe the -- that's why your problems -- but let me understand mix. So what I'm basically hearing is that bankruptcies are increasing or basically people going out of business that used to be permanent. But the temporary would suggest that there's some economic recovery recurring as well.
Michael Hoffman: All right. And then on the free cash flow side, to hit the goal for the rest of the year, you've done just under $500 million, if I brought math correctly, for the first half. That means you have to do 750-ish in the second half. And noting this $80 million that you're going to capture in savings between the yield and cost cuts, so that would suggest to me the run rate was 670 going in. That seems stronger than the normal. It's 55, 2nd half, 45, 1st half mix of your free cash.
Michael Hoffman: But the degree of that strength would suggest that it's not great news to be able to tell everybody that you're lowering guidance. I get all that. But reading through it, the degree of that strength would say that if I roll into '12, I'm going to be up in free cash.
Michael Hoffman: Right. Just following the logic on this. The 2012, that's got to be higher than 1.25 based on what you're describing how this plays out in the second half.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And clearly, they targeted an $80 million number. You can't tell the market to not actually deliver on it. So you must have an awful lot of visibility on that number.
