Devina A. Rankin: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter of 2017, as a percent of revenue, SG&A costs were 11.3%; that's a 10-basis point improvement from the first quarter of 2016. On a dollar basis, SG&A costs were $390 million in the first quarter or $28 million higher than in the prior year period. SG&A costs during the quarter included $13 million of executive severance costs, most of which was non-cash. These charges negatively impacted EPS by $0.02 per share and SG&A costs as a percent of revenue by 30 basis points. The remaining increase in SG&A dollars during the quarter primarily relates to the timing of incentive compensation accruals which we do not expect to meaningfully impact the comparability of our SG&A costs for the full year. So when we consider these one-time charges and the impact of timing differences, our SG&A costs were essentially flat in dollars, positioning us very well for SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue to approach 10% for the year. Turning to cash flow. In the first quarter, cash provided by operating activities was $721 million compared to $732 million in the first quarter of 2016. We saw the business generate operating EBITDA growth of $66 million in the first quarter, and that's an 8% increase compared to the first quarter of 2016. As Jim discussed, this operating EBITDA growth was driven by the performance of our core solid waste operations and complemented by strong recycling commodity prices. Our cash flow from operations also benefited from reduced interest payments as well as our focus on working capital optimization, and we're very pleased to see that we continue to convert more of our revenue dollars into cash. These cash flow benefits were offset by a couple of items. As you likely remember, in the first quarter of 2016 we had a $67 million benefit from the termination of a cross-currency hedge. Additionally, in the first quarter of 2017 we saw increased incentive compensation payment related to the strong performance that we achieved in 2016. These two items more than offset the benefit from increased operating EBITDA and were the primary reason for the slight decline in cash provided by operating activities. During the first quarter, we spent $332 million on capital expenditures. That's an increase of $15 million from 2016 but in line with our disciplined focus on managing capital expenditures to between 9% and 10% of revenue. Divestiture proceeds weren't significant during the quarter and, combined, we generated $396 million of free cash flow in the first quarter of 2017 which exceeded our expectations. This strong performance puts us well on our way to achieving our free cash flow guidance of between $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion for 2017. In the first quarter, we paid $194 million in dividends to our shareholders, and at the end of the first quarter our debt to EBITDA ratio measured based on our bank covenants was 2.4. Our weighted average cost of debt for the quarter was about 4.2% and the floating rate portion of our total debt portfolio was 12% at the end of the quarter. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2017 was approximately 31.7% which is almost 5 percentage points lower than the rate that we used to build our outlook for the year. The difference is due to tax benefits we recognized during the quarter of divesting an exercise of stock-based compensation awards. The inclusion of this tax benefit as a reduction to our reported provision for income taxes is new in 2017, and it's the result of the new accounting standard. We're going to include additional details about the impact of the accounting standard in our Form 10-Q which we plan to file later today. These tax benefits are difficult to predict and depend on factors like our stock price and employee exercise activity. And with the senior executive severance impact, predicting this activity is even more difficult. So we chose to exclude the $0.07 per share of tax benefit as adjusted earnings. Adjusting out the impact of this accounting change, our effective tax rate for the quarter would've been 36.8% which is slightly higher than we anticipated. We continue to expect our full year 2017 adjusted tax rate to be about 36.5%. So in summary, the strong results of our first quarter reflect the continued execution of our core operating objectives and focus on continuous improvement. The Waste Management team has once again demonstrated our disciplined focus on serving the customer while optimizing our business. 2017 is off to a strong start and we look forward to that continuing throughout the year. With that, Dennis, let's open the lines for questions.
Devina A. Rankin: Well I would say when we look at free cash flow, really, where we're focusing is the EBITDA growth that we saw, and so EBITDA of 8% in the first quarter exceeded our expectations. But as Jim and Jim have said, we're waiting to see the seasonal uptick with regard to core collection and disposal business and then how recycling commodity prices impact the second quarter before we update our guidance for the full year. So the EBITDA piece of it, as a reminder we expected full year EBITDA growth to be $240 million to $290 million and it's typical for us to see more of that in the second and third quarters than in Q1. And if you use Q1 and extrapolate it, it would imply that we're well on our way to be at the top end of that. But we're waiting to see how the full year or the second quarter unfolds before we give an update on full year guidance.
Devina A. Rankin: So our fuel costs were up a total of $32 million in the quarter on a year-over-year basis, and that's a combination of our direct costs, our fuel surcharges that we pay to our subcontractors, and then also the fuel tax credit going away. And the increase in revenue that we saw in the fuel surcharge side was only $20 million, so that $12 million delta is what's driving that $0.02 impact. When we look at the full year, what we've seen with diesel cost prices leveling out, if our expectation is that those level out then we think about $0.01 of the headwind in Q1, we should get back over the remainder of the year as the lag in the fuel surcharge part of the revenue equation hedges up. The piece that we can't provide any clarity on whether or not we'll get back is the extension of the fuel tax credit and with tax reform and it's kind of infancy from a conversation perspective. It's too early for us to say whether or not we'll get that back. And so the $0.01 that we saw in headwind for that in the first quarter, you could extrapolate to the remainder of the year of having up to a $0.04 impact for the full year.
Devina A. Rankin: The other thing I would say about weather is in California in particular we did have an impact from all of the rain that that region saw. And so we did see a bit of a negative impact on those businesses, but that was isolated and minor to the quarter.
Devina A. Rankin: That would affect the tax line and you'll see with the 36.8% that we basically came in right at our guidance. So we've not seen a negative impact on that at this point.
Devina A. Rankin: Sure. We were in a joint venture to build a gas-to-liquids plant on one of our landfills in Oklahoma, and the focus of that joint venture was to take methane and natural gas and convert it into a higher-value hydrocarbon. And as with many energy-based commodity-driven investments, the financial outlook for those investments has changed as energy prices has been relatively low over the long-term. And as we looked at this project and prospects for building this project further from the one plant in Oklahoma, those became less appealing. And so as a result, we went ahead and impaired that investment to our view of the fair value of the assets that are on our site.
Devina A. Rankin: With a 2.4 leverage, we're certainly comfortable that the balance sheet is in really good shape for us to think about opportunistic acquisitions as a priority, and that's really how we look at our leverage as optimal. And we're certainly at the low end, but we could see that tick down from here as EBITDA grows and if we don't have strategic M&A that's a good fit for us and at the right price to go execute. And I think what is most important and how we message that is that we really want to be positioned so that we can execute at the right time, at the right price, to contribute to the long-term growth of the organization. And so we're not going to chase the leverage up as EBITDA grows.
Devina A. Rankin: Sure. We actually meet later today. We meet once a month as a team to look at the pipeline. And I would say the pipeline is strong and we see opportunities across the landscape that Jim was describing. It's interesting to see valuations at this point in the market. And one of the things that we're committed to is being diligent users of our shareholders' capital to be sure that we prudently spend dollars at the right valuations. And so that's really what comes into play when we look at the M&A landscape today.
Devina A. Rankin: Sure. So we have an additional work day of 0.7 work days in Q1. We give that back in the third quarter of this year to be flat by the end of September. And then in the fourth quarter we'll actually have a work day difference that goes the other way. So all-in for the full year, we'll have about one less work day.
Devina A. Rankin: We continue to have that in our plan for the back half of the year because we're wanting to see how that M&A pipeline shapes out. And with regard to how we execute it, we certainly look at ASRs as an efficient way to execute our share buyback. But that $500 million continue to be in our forecasts and right now it's all forecast for the second half of the year.
Devina A. Rankin: All very good questions, Tyler. I'll take that. So we expect a sunset of both the low income housing tax credit investment and the alternate fuel tax credit investment that we've made to sunset I think beginning in 2018, 2019, and we can get more details on that. But the normalized tax rate without tax reform wouldn't happen until probably around 2019. And then when we think about whether or not there'll be an impairment associated with any of that, we're still looking into that. But I can tell you that the way that those deals have been structured is in addition to the investment that we have. We also have future cash flow obligations that we kind of account for as debt on our balance sheet. And so we think impairment impacts would be limited because that assets goes away but so does the liability, but it's not expected to be material. And as Jim mentioned earlier, all-in we think that tax reform would be a net benefit to us even with those investments going away.
Michael E. Hoffman: Good morning. Of the $59 million in volume sale growth in the quarter, how do I think about the mix from MSW versus construction and the special waste? I know you gave me percentage changes year-over-year, but I'm curious to understand the trend line like in commercial as there's still this upside from new business formation and then service interval upgrades that's playing out.
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. So if I just parse one thing specifically, commercial in particular is one of your best margin businesses. And how would you think about the service interval cycle on a same store basis today...
Michael E. Hoffman: Okay. But that accounts for, as strong as the whole recycling pie was, why we've got really great free cash flow leverage but not as much margin leverage. We shouldn't get as hung up about the margin, we should be paying attention to free cash.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. So if you look at the quarterly numbers by line of business and then you look at those waste streams, commercial has – and I hope I'm answering your question as you're asking it here – but the commercial continues to be strong, it looks strong even as we head into month of April. And it's been on that kind of continuous improvement track as Jim said for about five quarters. Then when you look at, well, industrial as well, and I would tell you that industrial has been higher than the 2.7% that we finished in the first quarter, but sequentially we were up from a 1% number to a 2.7% number from Q4 to Q1, and that one also continues to look good into April. Part of that is our energy services business, Michael. It looks like it's starting to pick up a little bit. Might have the first quarter of year-over-year improvement in two years in the energy services business by the time we get to the second quarter. And then when you look at those waste streams within the landfill business, MSW was strong and it's been strong. MSW volume has been strong and I think our focus is not only on the volume side but also on the price side of MSW. We can talk about that a little bit as well but the only weak waste stream for us, and weak is kind of a comparative term here because it was weak by comparison to other quarters, but still 2.6% on special waste. With that said, the pipeline looks good with special waste. C&D has been incredibly strong. I think that demonstrates the strength of the housing business around the U.S. and Canada, but that's a pretty good, I think, overview of what our volumes look like and the mix of those different waste streams.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Well we are. I mean, look, it's heaviest and the rebound is heaviest in the Permian Basin where we don't have a presence. But we're encouraged to see that's, in the month of March, first month – when we look at it on a monthly basis – the first month that we've seen year-over-year improvement in the Marcellus and the Niobrara in two years. So we think that that portends a pick-up on a quarterly basis when we get to the second quarter. So we're pretty encouraged with the pick-up we're seeing. It's still is more heavily weighted here in West Texas but it's starting to show up in places where we have a presence.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. First, I would tell you that it's pretty tough to predict commodity prices. We have a hard time predicting 30 days out, let alone eight or nine months out. But we did build into our guidance $0.03 of improvement in the recycling business. We kind of use the rule and it still holds that for every $10 move it's worth about $0.04, so that would tell you that we built about $7 or $8 of improvement in for the year. Obviously, it was better than that in the first quarter. But then when we look at the second quarter with the real volatility, OCC down 10%, ONP down 40% in one week's time, it kind of reminds us that don't get too giddy about the commodity prices because they can come back pretty quickly.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Right. No, it's a good question though, and technologies is a big umbrella. I mean, there's a lot underneath the umbrella. There's data, there's equipment, there's customer-facing solutions, Internet of Things. I think to answer your question, you're right. We've put a lot of effort into the on-board computers and then the resulting efficiency improvement that we see out of those. But you'll start to see us using big data in a much more sophisticated way. We're already starting that with our pricing. But you'll also see it with things like predictive maintenance as we look at how do we predict, and we've just started down that path, but how do we predict when things like hydraulics on vehicles will give. And then as opposed to waiting and handling our maintenance in a reactive manner, we handle it more proactively and that is much more cost-effective for us.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Now, if you can imagine though our truck that goes down on the road unexpectedly with a hydraulic hose going out, we're probably paying overtime there to the driver, we've got to pay a towing charge, we may have some type of clean-up charge and, to Jim's point, we have a customer service interruption. So if we can do this predictably then all of that goes away and it's better for our bottom line and better for our customers.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Definitely. I think we guided a 50 to 100 basis points of improvements in margins there and we're still comfortable at that range. And to your point on SG&A, as Devina mentioned we said we'd like to approach 10% and we still feel like we have a shot at that.
James C. Fish, Jr.: But we'll be happy to give up the fuel tax credit for a term for a rate reduction in corporate tax rates.
James C. Fish, Jr.: You know the weather was good for the first quarter; I would tell you that that's last year though. A part of the reason we didn't say anything is because you can always talk about the weather and we try not to talk about it too much. But last year was really unusually mild. So in an odd sort of way, even though we had a good winter this year, it wasn't as mild as last year. So we had a few shutdowns this year in the Northeast, a couple in the Midwest. I don't recall any shutdowns in the winter of 2016. Whereas last year, we actually did talk about the fact that we were concerned we might've borrowed some volume from Q2 in Q1. I don't think we have that feel and it looks to be the case when we look at our April numbers.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yes. So good morning, Hamzah. When we think about M&A, we're certainly interested in core acquisitions. And to your question, we would define core as being, of course, core solid waste, industrial, hazardous, potentially energy services, even recycling; all of those, we throw in that core bucket. So anything that would be a good strategic fit for us within those core buckets at a fair price, we would consider and we continue to look for those.
James C. Fish, Jr.: I think, Hamzah, the restructuring of the contracts that you mentioned, you'll see that show up most when we're down at the low end of commodity prices and, to Jim's point, we've derisked the business down there. When you're kind of in the middle or in the upper end where we've been in the last couple of quarters, you don't see the change from the contract restructuring so much when prices are where they are.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, the volumes have been – I think we're up 1% in volumes for the quarter. Definitely over the long-term, it's going to move or the shift that we're seeing in retail is going to affect volumes. It's hard to see it on a quarter-to-quarter basis though. And when we look at pricing of commodities, the volatility is greatest where the Chinese have the greatest impact. So for us, for example, virtually all of our newsprints goes to China and so when the Chinese decide they're not going to buy newsprints as they did a couple of weeks back, it really dramatically impacts the price of ONP, hence the drop of 40%. We end up selling about maybe 30% of our OCC to China, so while they still have a big and material impact on price that one was only off about 10% a couple of weeks ago. So, really, the pricing is probably driven as much by what the Chinese do and then the volume is much more of a longer-term trend. Somehow to your point, it will be a result of the shift in the retail business.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. As to one of the earlier questions, we did mention that when we think about core investments, definitely energy services is one of those. It's not for lack of looking around. We've looked at energy services opportunities, but it's got to be the right strategic fit for us. It's got to be the right place particularly when we think about energy services. It's got to be the right geography for us and it's got to be fairly priced. So it is definitely an area that we are exploring from an M&A standpoint. It just has to be the right strategic fit for us.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Well, I don't think anything is keeping us from getting there. We still have an expectation that we will get 50 to 100 basis points of margin improvement. I think when you look at the first quarter and you say, well, on the surface it looks like we were flat on our reported numbers, then you have to consider the $0.02 that we had in executive severance that really is a one-time impact to us, and consider the $0.016 for fuel that Devina went through, really, it's about a quarter lag there for us on fuel between when we see the increase in the price of fuel and our fuel surcharge catch-up to that. And so with those two, you're looking at as much as 100-basis point improvement in EBITDA margins if you take those two out, and that doesn't consider the timing difference that she mentioned in her script of incentive comp that amounted to as much as a $0.015. So we think that that 50 to 100 basis points, while it didn't show up in Q1, it really was because of a couple of those either timing-related issues or the one-timer with executive severance.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. And if you combine that with what we think about SG&A going forward, I think that probably demonstrates why we are still confident in the 50 to 100 basis points.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Just to make sure you're clear on the $100 million to $200 million, those are really tuck-ins. We've had several questions today about what types of businesses we would be interested in and we went through what we consider to be core. When we think about that $100 million to $200 million, those are really typically small tuck-ins pretty much solely in the solid waste space.
James C. Fish, Jr.: And just FYI, that when we think about work days, the extra work day, the 0.7 work days that Devina mentioned, typically work against us because you have the labor cost in most of your lines of business. The only lines of business where it works for you are with landfill tons and roll-off. And when you get that extra work day in the first quarter which are lighter than the other three quarters in terms of roll-off and landfill tons, it does work against you. We think that it could've been as much as $5 million to $6 million of headwind. We haven't talked about that at all in Q1 for us this year. But no reason to talk about it because we get it back and then some at the end of the year, with this year not being in a leap year obviously.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. So we acquired a group about four years ago that's strictly an OR group. And that group is the team that's pulling together the example that we went through with predictive maintenance. That's the team that's doing a lot of that predictive maintenance analytics. So we feel that we have absolutely the right group to do that. And they're not just focused by the way on maintenance, that's the group that's been doing all of our automation of routes, they're also doing things like looking at our safety data and taking a predictive approach to that so that we can proactively train. There's a number of things they're focused on, but that all falls under our operations research group.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Sure, sure. I mean, I think, Joe, when you look at capital allocation, I mean, first and foremost dividend and what we've said about the dividend is we want to see kind of a confirmation of that higher base of free cash flow that we've talked about over the last couple of quarters in 2017 before we make a decision to do anything with the dividends in early 2018. And then, of course, we've talked on this call a lot about the fact that the leverage ratio continues to go down and that really, as Devina said, is in the hopes that we find a strategic fit for us. But you're right. In theory, depending on the size of that, sure, you could absolutely see share buybacks go away completely for a period of time depending on the size of an acquisition.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Yeah. I would just, Joe, add to what Jim said there and say that both our hazardous and our non-hazardous special waste were a little slower than we would like. But I think the outlook is pretty strong. Obviously, if some type of infrastructure build could get passed out of Congress, that would be positive for us on both sides of that, both haz and non-haz. So while both hazardous waste and special waste were not weak but not super strong, I think the outlook is where we're encouraged.
James C. Fish, Jr.: Hi, Barbara. Yeah, good question. We recently had a leadership strategy meeting, and one of the things we talked about at that meeting was what does the recycle facility of the future look like. So when we think about investing in recycling, I think I would tell you that investing just in the same type of technology that we have today would be less interesting to us than investing in improved technology that helps improve recycling rates for us.
James C. Fish, Jr.: All right. Thank you. So in closing here, we're obviously pleased with the quarter from a financial results perspective but we're pleased with the cultural shifts we're seeing internally at Waste Management because of our focus on our people, our customers, and our technology. And that was best demonstrated I think on the people side with the succession, planning, and the promotion of three high-performing leaders into the AVP roles that I mentioned. Also on the customer service results that Jim Trevathan talked about, this obsession with the customers is something that I think you'll see Waste Management really focus on. And then a lot of conversation this morning around technology, around pricing, and routing and logistics, and the sophistication of data that we're beginning to bring to our business, we think it's the beginning of this path that we're on for cultural change and I think it makes us the right choice when it comes to an employer, as a service provider or a partner or an investment of choice. Thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning and we will see you next quarter.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. The right question, Michael. I'll start with container weights in the commercial line of business, and our container weights in Q1 were up at a higher percentage than previous year quarter, more than we've seen in over a decade. Residential line of business as well, container weights are up. I think it signals well for the economy and for our collection business itself. On the roll-off side, the weights were about at the same level of 2016. As I've mentioned earlier, we saw service increases outpace the decreases for the 13th consecutive quarter. It's a really good sign for us. We don't measure it versus the great recession, but I would tell you we're in the, I would guess, the middle innings of that growth in the commercial line of business especially we're seeing good opportunity for us. We're really focused on higher margin side of it. We've seen good growth in the national account business. The multi-location, commercial customer, it started in the second half of last year. So you'll see that in the second half of this year anniversary. So we may not be at that 2.5% level but we'll still be positive and making progress.
James E. Trevathan: Yes, Michael, absolutely. The brokerage side of our recycling business, it's about 41%, 42% of the total volume, and that's relatively flat. I think one year it was 41% and this year, 42%. Last year it was 41%, so we're roughly in the same place as a percentage of the revenue. And you're right, the margin is at mid-single-digit margins, but as you stated it's very – there's no capital expense involved, so the ROI is really high and it really gives us leverage in the sale of commodities in addition to just providing more value to our customers, more stickiness with customers that have both large commodity volumes and other waste service needs. So we're very pleased with that business but it's relatively flat with prior year on a volume basis.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. We won't get margin leverage there. We pass through a percentage. We make a percentage on those transactions and that will continue. It won't go down or up much at all.
James E. Trevathan: But not enough to move the needle of the whole company and yet still really good business for us when it connects with all of the other lines of business.
James E. Trevathan: Jim, that predictive modeling begins to pay off and we absolutely see signs of that and have real test underway with real application. It'll affect, to your question though, it'll affect not just the operating cost side of the house but service to customers...
James E. Trevathan: ...and improve that consistency of delivery and not have as many road calls, for example, on the cost side of the house. So it'll affect both the operating costs – it has affected operating costs – and the service to our customers as well.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. Andrew, if you look at the tax credit itself, the expectation from our contacts in DC, if the comprehensive tax reform happens we don't think we'll see that fuel tax credit. It'll be bundled in with other corporate tax reductions. If that falls apart, then I think you'll see that happen, they'll go ahead and pass those extenders. Who knows what's going to happen in DC today.
James E. Trevathan: Hamzah, good to hear from you. 8.3% is a really good number. That's pretty close to what we had targeted for the whole year. But I'll tell you there's still room for improvement and we would never say otherwise. We've been in the upper 7s before but it's been over a decade ago as we began to roll out service machine internal initiative, and we're back in that vicinity now. So we'll continue to seek improvement, we'll look for improvement but upper 7s, lower 8s is a pretty good number given our history and given the opportunity in the marketplace. We think that we'll continue to see small improvements but that are big with regard to the impact on the business from the commercial line of business especially at keeping those high-margin, high-ROI customers.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. Hamzah, we believe the recycling strategy that we laid out a couple of years ago was to reduce the risk in the Atlanta business, and we've done that through the contract renegotiations and renewals. We now charge a processing fee that we believe provides our shareholders with a reasonable return, accretive return, and yet gives customers what they want. But yet we were not rebating at the same level with floors in place like we had before. You saw that in Q1 our recycling rebates to customers were up but yet our margin was accretive to the company and it was very positive for us. So the whole goal was to reduce the risk and yet still play in that marketplace and provide customers what they expect from us, and we've done that.
James E. Trevathan: And part of, Hamzah, the continuous improvement for the whole company, we're really focused on the operating side. And if you compare us back today versus two or three years ago, the gross operating expense per tonne is consistently lower quarter-by-quarter. So we're in good shape there, Hamzah, on a long-term basis.
James E. Trevathan: Sure, Brian. Particularly as if you look at C&D for example, C&D was very strong in the quarter and has been strong for probably five or six consecutive quarters. Regionally, that's where you would expect to see it. It's in the South, it's in the West. But, really, it's hard to find a place where C&D showed weakness honestly. It wasn't as strong in maybe the Midwest and the upper Midwest as it was in Florida, but I wouldn't characterize it as being weak. So when you look at C&D that, I think, demonstrates that the housing market and maybe the overall economy seem to be somewhat optimistic and on an upswing. And then when you look at our – we talked about our industrial business or the industrial piece of our business that is related to energy services, that's been starting to show some real signs of recovery as well, and of course those are in those areas of the country where we have energy services operations, specifically Pennsylvania, Colorado, and Texas. It's somewhat limited there. You don't see it in areas where we don't have energy services.
James E. Trevathan: Al, we haven't given up any of the upside with all of our contract renegotiations; we've just minimized the downside risk and that's where, as Jim said earlier, where you'll see that impact. But we've always said for the last handful of years that that $10 price change is about a $0.04 impact to EPS. That's not been changed from previous conversation on these calls or in person. So I think the business is much better set than in the past. For those years like we had, what, it in 2011 and 2012 when commodity prices dramatically went down and we weren't charging for processing to cover our cost, and now we do, we absolutely price all of our contracts to cover the processing cost plus an accretive margin to the company with a really healthy ROI, extremely healthy ROI in fact. But yet, we've reduced that downside risk and yet kept customers engaged by giving them roughly the same upside that they've always had.
James E. Trevathan: Jim, I might mention a couple of things that I did earlier in the prepared comments. But if you look at some of the controllable operating expenses, we improved labor 50 basis points; transportation and disposal each 50 basis points; the risk part of our business, 30 basis points improvement; and our subcontractor costs, 30 basis points. So there's real leverage there that offset a couple of those uncontrollables.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah, Joe. That business is a really strategic line of business for us because it connects with most of the other lines and we're very pleased with it. We have seen at specific sites some real growth there along the Gulf Coast. The West Coast with all of the rain that Jim mentioned earlier, it slowed down a little bit of the project work that we typically do in that line of business that's on customers or cleanup sites, and that was a little slower in Q1 given the rain and especially in California, Southern Cal, and that one large site for us, Kettleman, has been a real producer for us. It was a little slower in Q1, but in general it's a very well-performing business and we see upside. When you look at the commitments to investment from the petrochemical industry along the Gulf Coast, from Texas across to Florida, you see huge dollars planned for the next decade in the petrochemicals side of the house. That bodes well because we're so well-positioned with the Texas business but with that site in Louisiana, with sites in special waste in Louisiana as well along the Gulf Coast and then in the Alabama hazardous site. So we're extremely well-positioned there and expect that business to continue to grow for us.
