David P. Steiner: Scott, when I look at the business, you can sort of say, I think your right, the growth is fairly muted from the economy. But you can pretty much say, the business is firing on all cylinders save two areas, and that's recycling and energy services. And I think we all know what the macroenvironments are for that. I mean, it's low commodity prices, not just oil but cardboard and plastics. So, I think you hit the nail in the head. It's steady-as-she-goes. We continue to see the other lines of business doing very well and we don't expect that to end in 2016.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. I would say 80% to 90% of it is locked in with SWS. I mean, that's going to be the big acquisition that we do in 2016. When I look at acquisitions, we've done RCI in Montreal. We did Deffenbaugh in Kansas City. And now, we've done SWS in South Florida. And those were spectacular acquisitions for us because they're a fairly large amount of revenue but they're also straight tuck-ins into our business. And so, we know exactly how to do them. We know exactly how to get the dollars out. It takes a little bit of time but we know exactly how to do them. So the more of those that we can do, the better. We thought there might be a few more of those in the pipeline but those, call them, those $400 million to $500 million transactions, we really don't see a lot of those on the near horizon right now. So, I think 2016 will be a year where it's mostly driven by tuck-in acquisitions. But again, we'd love to do some larger acquisitions like those three that we did in Montreal, Kansas City and South Florida. Pricing, I don't think it's changed dramatically. We've said it many times, we generally pay a little bit lower price for those smaller tuck-ins and it's because you can pay a little bit higher price when you get that bigger bulk of business like we did down at SWS although even with SWS, on a post-synergy basis, we'll end up paying sort of 6 to 7 times EBITDA.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. We're focused predominantly on solid waste and I think we've said it the last two conference calls which is, look, long-term I think energy services will be a great business. But we're not out there looking for businesses. I think it's going to be a prolonged, flattening of oil prices. And so – and energy services, if we buy something in energy services, it would be opportunistic. We're not actively out searching for businesses in that line of business.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, there's a small rollover effect from 2015 but the bulk of it would be the SWS and the tuck-ins we do in 2016.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Well, look, we've done it the last three years consecutively. We've seen our churn rate come down while we've maintained that core price at 4% plus. And so, look, it really comes down to making sure that you service your customer. I mean, if your customer is happy, they completely understand that our costs go up every year, and you've got to get those price increases. And we've always said that it's a fairly small portion of our customers' overall cost structure. So, getting that price increase to maintain inflation plus really hasn't been difficult as long as you can maintain the service levels to the customers. And so, that's really where we're focused this year. We know how to get the 4% core price. We've got those plans, like I said, locked, loaded, and we're already executing them. So, we know we can do that. The key is having that great customer service which allows you to keep that low churn rate, also keep price rollbacks down and get that positive core price. And so, like I say, we've got it sort of clicking on all cylinders, but we can always do better.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Look, I think Ron did a spectacular job in picking up that business and everywhere that we compete with Waste Connections, they are a tough competitor but they are a fair competitor, and so we certainly welcome them into the markets. I don't know how to say welcome in Canadian but we welcome them into the markets. But the other thing is I would love – I'm glad you brought it up. I owe Ron a phone call to let him know that to the extent that they have to get rid of any business that we would certainly be interested in buying any pieces of those business that we can buy. So I'll make sure to give him a call today and let him know that.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, you hit the nail on the head with mix. The reason we moved to core price is because core price is really an indicator of the price increases that we put across our current customer base. To go from core price to yield, you then put in – because we do it on a per-unit basis, you then come in to a lot of things like mix. And so, the biggest thing that we think drove the disparity between the core price and yield was the fact that our energy services business was down fairly dramatically, and those are very high-priced hauls. Compared to – if you look at an energy service haul compared to an industrial container at a shopping mall, the price per haul difference is dramatic. And so, the fact that energy services dropped off, as we said, $0.09 for the year, when you saw that dramatic drop-off in energy services, you lost a lot of those very high-priced pulls, and that's where the biggest chunk of the disparity between core price and yield comes in.
David P. Steiner: I think everybody gets concerned that there's going to be some kind of industrial recession. I mean, look, in our business, what you had happen last year was obviously, you had the inventory build and then working off the inventory. And that's what I think drove everybody to say, oh, gosh, what's going on in the manufacturing sector. As Jim pointed out, you saw some good numbers from it today. But when they build up the inventory and then they work down the inventory, they don't shut down their plants. They still operate their plants. And so that really just doesn't have that big of an effect on us. It doesn't have an effect on us until they shut down the plants. And I don't think anyone's seeing a shutdown of plants. I think they're seeing a little bit of a slowdown of the plants. And so when we look at our industrial waste, it really isn't going to be affected by the manufacturing and industrial space. And then the final piece is that a lot of the low energy prices are a big boon to a lot of the manufacturing and industrial customers that we have in the chemical corridor all the way from Beaumont, Texas up through the Midwest. And so, we see the manufacturing and industrial volumes actually being very strong. As Jim said, we've got a wide spectrum from extremely strong construction to weak on the energy services side. And manufacturing and industrial I'd say would come in on sort of the slightly positive side of that spectrum. So, we don't see that particularly slowing in 2016. And we expect industrial volumes to continue to be positive in 2016.
David P. Steiner: But look, it's a good problem to have, right? I mean, that tells you there's strong demand out there. We'll take that problem six days to Sunday rather than the alternative.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. We actually have one extra day total in the quarter. We had one fewer in January, we have one extra in both February and March. And, theoretically, that extra workday probably costs us a little bit of money, because our cost structure is a little bit higher than the additional revenue that we'd get. But it shouldn't have a material effect on the quarter.
David P. Steiner: It depends how the cash plays out during the year and then when you buy the shares, right? And so, what we've said is that we're going to basically spend – we aren't necessarily going to spend the whole $1 billion. We will spend the difference between dividends and what we do in acquisitions from – subtract that from the total cash flow and the remainder will go to the stock buyback. And so, we're sort of planning on the $600 million type of dollars on the share buyback. If we go above that, we'd either have to generate more cash or have less capital in the year, or we'd have to borrow it. But right now, when we draw down on our revolver, we're drawing down at 1%. Our balance sheet at 2.66 times is in great condition. So, we don't have any intention to borrow, to buy shares. But certainly, we have the ability to do it.
David P. Steiner: It has been very nice for us, Michael. And, frankly, if I look at the various pieces of businesses and think, can they get better or worse? This is one that I think can get better, both organically just because of the growth in the volumes. But we can also extend the reach of these landfills. Right now, we've got fairly limited reach without transfer capabilities. And over time, if we can improve those transfer capabilities, we can extend the reach of our hazardous landfills, and both grow volumes because we see growth in overall volumes but also because we can extend our reach and take volumes out of further-away geographies.
David P. Steiner: One area, Michael, is labor. If you look at all three collection lines of business in 2015, we were positive in efficiency in all three, with obviously a couple of them still negative in volume. That's one excellent indication. If you look at those three lines of business, collection lines are a cost per unit business, all three of them, are in that 1% range and with inflation, just driver labor cost in the 2%, 2.5% range, that's a pretty good number, and you see that in our labor cost improvement. We rolled out our SDO initiative across all 17 areas, service delivery optimization. We're focused on two things in that regard. Let's sustain it where we have it working well and let's improve it. Let's find best practices as areas have implemented it now for a couple of years, and we're looking for new ways to utilize some of the logistics and the technology that our corporate operating team is providing us to get more labor cost out of that and continue to improve on the efficiency.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Look, 4% has sort of have been our target for the last three to four years. And so, we want to maintain that target. We obviously overshot that target in 2015. I'm virtually certain we'll get that 4% in 2016. If we were going to not hit that target, the question is would it be lower or higher than that target. I'm also very confident that if we miss the target, we're going to miss on the high side not on the low side.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. The two biggest components of that would be mix, and then new business pricing versus lost business pricing. Those are two big components that go – that don't affect the price increase that you're putting on your current line of business but that does affect yield. And so that would be – it would be mix and the difference between new business pricing and lost business pricing.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Our goal is to drive that new business pricing to 10% or under. And I would say right now, we're sort of at the high end of that. As the economy improves and as we've seen a good pricing environment, I would expect us to over time to be under that. But right now, we're sort of at the high end of that 10% discount.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Most of the volume that we've lost have been large residential contracts, and that volume is turning into net losses for our competition.
David P. Steiner: I can promise you, we know what those prices were bid at. And at these commodity prices, there is nobody making money on those contracts that we gave up.
David P. Steiner: And, frankly, those contracts, just to be very clear, those contracts generally have not been lost to our solid waste competition. They've been lost to people that are solely in the recycling business. And if you're solely in the recycling business and you take on another underwater contract, you can see that story is not going to end very well for those folks.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Look, this is an easy question to answer. Because you can't look at just a volume number. You've got to look at, what is that volume made up of, right? If that volume is made up of brokered volumes, you're not making any money on it. If that volume is made up of recycling volumes, you're not making any money on it. And so, when I look at the volumes, I don't say, look at the overall volume number, I say, look where the volumes are coming from. So for us, we've got positive volumes in the industrial line, which is a very high-margin line for us. We've got positive volumes in the landfill line, which is the highest margin business that we have. And we're about to turn the corner to get positive volumes on the commercial line. We're at negative 0.7% in the quarter. I would expect to see that turn positive during 2016. So, we're adding volume in the high margin areas. We are losing volume in recycling. We're losing volume in brokered businesses and we're losing volume in non-core. All very low margin businesses. And so, if you get positive volume and margins go backwards, I don't see that as a good volume report. If you get negative volumes and margins go up by 150 basis points, I view that as fairly positive. So, I think it's a very easy question to answer. We look for volumes where we can make money on those volumes. We don't look for volumes for the sake of volumes. And so – but, having said all that, in those money-making volumes, we're going to see the overall volume number turn positive in 2016, and that's what I look forward to. Look, this is a high fixed cost business, and layering in that volume on the high fixed cost allows you to drop a big flow-through to the bottom line. So, I think we've done the right thing. We'll continue to do the right thing. We'll continue to add volumes where we can make money.
David P. Steiner: But, look, what we need to do in our hazardous waste line of business is, we need to develop a national transfer network so that we can leverage our landfills. We would love nothing more than to be able to buy that and go very quickly to do that. But there's just not a lot of businesses out there that meet those needs and that are for sale. So, in the meantime, we're going to do it organically. And so, we're going to – we're going to grow that network one way or another. But right now, given the state of the acquisition market right now, we're going to do that organically.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, when you see the transportation costs go down, which is what happens with the fuel, you basically open up landfills that are further away, right? And so, we've actually seen pretty nice growth in our Northeastern landfills. I'm not sure that I'd attribute it 100% to the lower transportation costs, but we've seen nice volumes both in our Northeastern network and then in our Southern network. We would expect that – we'd expect that to continue into 2016. I always say, to a certain extent, low fuel prices are both good for the economy, but they're also good for our business.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. On the recycling front, I would say we're about 75% to 80% through renegotiating the contracts. And the contracts that we haven't renegotiated, we can't do anything more about, because they're basically sort of long term contracts and we just have to eat the losses on those contracts until the contracts come up for bid and hopefully at a higher rate or they will go to someone else who is welcome to lose money on them. And so, on the recycling front, we're probably about 75% to 80% through. On the CPI front, about 20% of our business – our CPI-related business is either on a floating index that more approximates the Waste Services Index or they're on a fixed price increase track with over 2.5% fixed price increases. In other words, 2.5% is sort of our inflation rate. About 20% of our contracts are either on a CPI-based measure or – that is not CPI but would be, for example, the Waste and Water Index or what we call a Solid Waste Index. And so, that runs at a higher rate generally than our 2.5% inflation. And then, we've got other contracts where they run higher than our 2.5% inflation because they have fixed price increases at over 2.5%. So, about 20% of our business is under those types of contracts. So, there's still a lot of room to go on the residential and on the national account side to get those CPI contracts moved up but we're about 20% through it.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. When we look at recycling, we've made some great improvements. I think there's still plenty of room for improvement. But at this point in time, basically what we're down to is we have a series of plants and those series of plants generally revolve around a large contract, a large municipal contract or other contracts. So if we lose that large municipal contract, absolutely, we would probably have to shut down that plant because we don't have enough volume going through that plant. We don't have any that we have on the early time horizon where we think that will happen but that's basically how we'll have to respond to a low-for-long commodity price. We still have operational improvements we can make. We think we can pull out sort of that 5% to 10% operating cost for a few years. But then any bigger restructuring, we don't have any planned right now. If we did any of that, it would be based upon large contract losses that we would have if we have those.
David P. Steiner: But let's not lose sight of the fact that if the industry changes, what we've said is we won't bid contracts unless we can be guaranteed that we recover our processing cost, and then we'll split – and a margin of profit, and then we'll split any excess with the customers. But if there is no excess, then the customers are going to have pay for the processing and profitability. If we can get contracts on those terms, we're not going to be shutting down plants. We'll be adding plants. And so, what we're trying to get to is how we can make this business sustainable for the long run. I think we've done a spectacular job with our recycling folks of doing that. I'm a firm believer that the industry is going to follow just because the economics don't allow them to do anything different than what we're doing. And so, I think over the long haul, even in a lower, longer commodity price environment, I think we can grow recycling. So, we're looking forward to doing that over the next few years rather than shrinking our footprint.
David P. Steiner: Thanks. Well, just in closing, as we said, we're real confident that we can hit our targets in 2016. For the most part, everything seems to be clicking on all cylinders. But you can't do it just because you have a good economic environment, or you can't do it just because you have the best assets in the business. You absolutely have to have the right team to execute. And so, I'd say all the way from our senior team here in Houston and out in the field, all the way down to our leadership out in the field, all the way down to our frontlines, we've got the right team, and that's why we're so confident that we're going to grow this business in 2016 and well into the future. Thank you.
James E. Trevathan: Scott, I would say that the only thing that was surprising was kind of a positive, we weren't surprised obviously by the headwinds with recycling or energy services. But we were pleasantly surprised, when you look at the construction business, I mentioned we were up over 15% in C&D waste stream. And that really, to us, is kind of a foreshadowing of good things there in 2016.
James E. Trevathan: Well, so, we're seeing – it was a piece of our growth in 2015, not a huge piece. We've got one customer that has started with us. We've got three different plants that we're working with them on. Really, one of them was started in June, the other one started kind of November, December, and then the third will start in 2016. So, not a huge impact for us. And we're kind of seeing the public utilities move at varying paces here, in terms of remediation on that side of their business. Recall there is this – there's another side of their business, which is the perpetuity. And so, we can use either on-site management for their continuing needs, we can manage it off site through our landfills, or we can offer them beneficial reuse. So, we're equipped to handle all three. We think that will ramp up in 2016, but not a huge impact in 2015.
James E. Trevathan: Well, it's interesting when you look at our industrial. Our industrial line of business, as we look at it, includes a couple of different business types. It includes large retailers, it includes manufacturing and industrial. It includes construction, and it includes energy services. And those really were – there was a wide spectrum there. Construction, as I mentioned earlier, really finished the year on a high note. So, we're very happy with that, and it looks like it's going to do well going forward. The large retailers were pretty solid, as was manufacturing and industrial. Looks like – industrial production figures came out today, and looks like they're decent, and that's kind of what we saw as well, pretty solid in manufacturing and industrial. The one real soft spot, and you'll hear it several times today, was energy services, and it got worse throughout the year. So, we were down 32% in our energy services business, albeit on a kind of a small base there, but down 32%, and down 45% in the fourth quarter. And looking through that kind of small lens, we don't see energy services getting much better in 2016. But overall, if you want to think about how we talk about industrial, it was – it more than compensated for the downturn in energy services.
James E. Trevathan: No, I'll jump in, Jeff. It is a headwind, but it's a weakened headwind. We are doing much better in that regard. The oil field services decline in 2015 has helped us in that regard in those markets where that kind of business exist as drivers have become more available. It's still in some of the larger – the higher growth markets, it's an issue for us, but we're working through it much better in late 2015, and then we expect too in 2016 better than in that 2013-2014 period when the oil field service business was booming. We'll manage right through it and we'll continue to grow our business on that industrial side with new drivers.
James E. Trevathan: Jim, maybe just a little more color around the fleet side of our business. Our supply chain folks and our field people have worked really well together. In 2015, for example, we purchased 12% more trucks than we did in 2015, but for the same total dollars as we expended in 2014. In 2015, we bought 1,124 trucks, about 11% average reduced price per truck than 2014. So, we're doing some standardization around the fleet. It's helped us in that regard and some commitments to our suppliers that helped us with that reduction. In 2016, we'll buy 1,234 trucks, according to the current plan. And it's about 10% more than 2015, but we'll only spend about 4% more in dollars than we did in 2015. So, we're making real progress there and we're investing in the fleet. But we're just doing it more efficiently.
James E. Trevathan: Michael, Jim Trevathan. It's been as we ended the year and as you saw some of the petrochemical plants gearing up some with a low – their low feedstock cost, it's been okay. We've done fine at both Emelle in Alabama, Lake Charles in Louisiana. Kettleman has got the new permit and online and adding some volume. So, overall, that business is doing well for us. It's not as you know a huge part of our total revenue, but it's an important part because it differentiates us from those large – four of those large customers with capability to handle everything from their trash and recycling to their hazardous waste. And they like our balance sheet, as we just talked about. And our capabilities are full for them. So, it's been a – it's a good part of our company and we expect to grow it.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah, and Michael, an example of that, of our commitment to that business is in the fourth quarter, we did a small tuck-in kind of transaction and acquisition in California that helps us with internalize some volume at that new Kettleman-permitted space. So, we are committed to that business, to growing it and looking for opportunities in that regard.
James E. Trevathan: And, David, if I added a third to that, it would be rollbacks. And we've managed those really well over the last couple of years. We're positive in 2015 versus 2014 and we expect that trend to continue.
James E. Trevathan: And, Joe, if I add a little more color, the industrial line of business, the roll-off line, we're within that target with the commercial side just outside it and working hard to improve it.
James E. Trevathan: With a new contract, where typically that customer wants new trucks, we make that decision around return on invested capital, as well as margin.
James E. Trevathan: Well, I'll jump in. I mentioned earlier that we did, as we added airspace at Kettleman in California, we went out and found the right tuck-in for us to add volume. So we invested in that business in the second half of 2015, and we'll continue to look for those opportunities that can improve both our margin, but our returns, especially.
James E. Trevathan: The types of haul that are seeing lower spending – look, we haul – most of what we haul is drill cuttings. And then we haul some waters, we haul a little bit of NGL. So, clearly, the big piece that has declined is drill cuttings. But what's happened is, you're seeing these – the rig count has dropped off by 60%. So, they are not drilling. They may be leasing property, but they're not drilling nearly as much as they were a year ago. And so, as a consequence, the drill cuttings coming out of those holes are not moving to our landfills. So, I think that answers your question. It is – because it's the majority of our energy services business, that is what's causing the biggest drop-off.
James E. Trevathan: And just a reminder, we have consolidated over the last two years roughly 20% of the total number of facilities. Most of them smaller, but where we've either lost on profitable volume and can move the remaining good volume into a larger facility in the same MSA. So, we've already done some of the physical rationalization. And we're working towards the operational side of efficiency now.
James C. Fish: Yeah, so when we look at cash flow from ops or if I look at free cash flow because I want to include in there, CapEx, if I talk about free cash flow – and if that doesn't answer your question, let me know, but if I talk about free cash flow for 2016, I have a starting point of let's call it $1.41 billion from this year. And then I'm adding in EBITDA growth. You mentioned $160 million, we're kind of calling it $170 million in EBITDA growth year-over-year which includes – that includes organic growth, that includes some of the benefit of acquisitions. I add in the impact of bonus depreciation which I mentioned was let's call it $70 million. And then our CapEx is going to be a bit higher this year. I mentioned the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion range, so back out $100 million in added CapEx, I arrive in the middle of that range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion. And keep in mind there, Corey, that the prepayments that we made in cash taxes is really offset by the benefit we got from the Q1 2015 debt transaction. So, those two kind of offset each other so that walk-forward works without a cash tax, the cash tax difference.
James C. Fish: Interest expense will be up slightly. We finished the year at $384 million in interest – cash interest. They will be up slightly, not a lot, maybe call it $5 million and then share repurchase, look, we said that we'd probably repurchase – we've already done $150 million. We said we'll probably do another $500 million on top of that for a total of $650 million, which kind of approximates what we bought last year. We bought $600 million last year. We have authorization for $1 billion, probably won't spend the full $1 billion in 2016.
James C. Fish: If I look at EPS, from $2.47 to $2.61, we had divestitures that were worth $0.18, so I'm backing those out. And then, we had – and I'm reconciling 2014 to 2015 for you here. But then, we had shares and interest. We had traditional solid waste growth of $0.08. We had some unusual items. Specifically, our energy services business was $0.09. And then, when I look at moving from $2.61 up to our range of $2.75 to $2.79, I'm really adding in the kind of our traditional solid waste growth that we expect, and we talked about on the EBITDA line. So, hopefully that helps.
James C. Fish: 2015 was $434 million. So, if you assume that we've got the offsets for 2016, 2016 is going to look like kind of that $433 million. We'll get a benefit of about $70 million from bonus depreciation. And then a piece of kind of incremental taxes on earnings gets us to a cash tax figure of around $400 million, is our expectation for 2016.
James C. Fish: No, not anything sizable. We'll spend a little more on fleet capital, probably $20 million more on fleet capital. We've got about $15 million that is related to Deffenbaugh and SWS acquisition that we'll spend. And part of the reason we were a little lower than our guidance back at the end of Q3 in CapEx for 2015 was that we had some CapEx that was accrued and the cash didn't actually go out the door until Q1. So, we'll have a little bit of carryover and that's really what gets us from that $1.23 billion CapEx number from 2015, up to kind of the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion.
James C. Fish: I guess I would focus on EBITDA for that question, Michael, because really, that's where – that's the biggest component and that's where we spend most of our time, is on EBITDA. And we saw EBITDA grow nicely last year, kind of in that 3% range, and we see it's – we see it replicating that again organically and then we'll have some EBITDA growth from these acquisitions in 2016.
James C. Fish: So, EBITDA would – you know, look, if you – there's always the question of what happens to the top line. If we don't have these kind of top line impacts that are kind of out of our control such as foreign currency and fuel surcharge, if you assume the top line doesn't have those, we'd expect to see EBITDA margins improved somewhere between 50 and 100 basis points.
James C. Fish: Share count at the end of last year was 455 million shares and in our plan, we've got 445 million shares.
James C. Fish: Yeah. I mean, Michael, if you look at our – if you look at free cash flow and you just take the middle of the range of $1.55 billion and back out dividends of $730 million, let's back out – we've kind of said $100 million to $200 million in tuck-ins, so let's back out $150 million for that, that gives you $670 million. That's kind of right where we've discussed today would be share repurchase.
Sean J. Egan: I wanted to dig in a little bit into your pricing guidance for 2016. Looking at that 4% versus the 4.2% posted in 2015, is that sequentially lower simply due to lapping more difficult comparisons? Is it conservatism on your part? Any color there would be appreciated.
Sean J. Egan: Great. Thank you. And then kind of piggybacking on that with respect to yield, outside of CPI, can you maybe help us understand what some of largest drags would be to beating that 2% top of the range? I mean, would it be the mix that you talked about earlier with the energy business? Any (57:15) there is helpful.
Sean J. Egan: Okay. Great. And then I wanted to talk a bit about recycling volumes. Just curious where, if you know, the recycling volumes might be going that you have shedded in favor of price. Are customers choosing not to recycle? Are they choosing independent operators? If you have any sense of where it's going, that would be helpful.
