David Steiner: Yes, when you look at the C&D volumes, obviously, you also have to look at the industrial volumes. And what we've seen over the last few quarters is fairly consistent growth in that. Now obviously, industrial also still down in the quarter, but you're starting to see that they've improved quarter-to-quarter now for quite a while. So we would fully expect to see those C&D volumes at sort of positive 5% to 10% continue for the rest of the year.
David Steiner: Yes. The first quarter, our pricing was fairly consistent at landfill where it's been for the last year or two. I would think that two things are going to help us improve that during the year. First, you got seasonality. So as volumes improve, you ought to have more opportunity for pricing. And we've always said that sometimes, high fuel costs are our friend, right? We get to pass through the higher fuel costs through our fuel surcharge. That worked very well this quarter, having no net effect on the quarter. But with our landfill being positioned in a lot of places in advantaged geographic location, it now becomes a lot more expensive to drive past our landfill and to bring it to a competing landfill. So both of those factors should help us in pricing during the course of the year.
David Steiner: Yes, I think -- generally the long-term trend has been that demand from Asia primarily China, has been driving recycled commodity prices. The encouraging thing is that because it's in consolidation with the mills in the United States, you've actually seen the United States domestic mills requiring more recycled papers. So for the first time that I can recall, you're seeing a healthy domestic market and a healthy export market, and I think that bodes well for the rest of the year.
David Steiner: Right. First off on the weather, we think that the weather in the first quarter was probably about a 30 basis point drag on volumes. For the rest of the year, from a seasonality point of view, when we look at last weeks of March and the first weeks of April and the lines in our industrial and in our landfill line, we're seeing more weeks that have been year-over-year positive than negative. We're still seeing some negative weeks but more weeks in positive than negative. Frankly, we're still not seeing a lot of movement in the commercial volumes. We've been talking about that now for 3 or 4 quarters. And so the year-over-year uptick will be driven primarily through landfill volumes and improved industrial hauls.
David Steiner: Yes, that's a great question because I think it's very perceptive. We're not seeing yet a large pop from landfill pricing and overall IRG. Certainly, CPI has been a drag. What we've seen is that our new business pricing has been driving it fairly dramatically, and then our fees and surcharges have been driving it. So the container service fee that we instituted a couple of quarters ago, the environmental fees still is driving it and that will anniversary in the second quarter. And our administrative fee provides some benefit in the quarter. That also anniversaries in the second quarter. So you've got -- so what's going to have to drive it going forward, so we expect to see some headwinds that I said from CPI and from the anniversary-ing of fees. What's going to have to drive it going forward is a continued -- as you point out, continued new business pricing continue to increase, price increases on our commercial line of business, which we've been pretty good about doing in the last 5 years, and then better landfill pricing in the back half of the year.
David Steiner: Obviously, with the strong start we got in the first quarter, our 2% goal, we certainly believe we should exceed that for the year. And then the way, Scott, that I'd sort of look at pricing for the year is that the back half of the year, we're going to have the headwind of CPI and we're going to have the headwinds of anniversary-ing fees. But then in 2012, the CPI should become a tailwind, which hopefully offsets the headwinds from the anniversary-ing of the fees. And so then you're back to sort of a normal state, if you will, where pricing is driven more by the traditional methods of pricing, which is annual price increases on your customers at both the collection and landfill line of business. So the back half of the year, I would expect -- we're going to maintain our pricing discipline. And so I'm not surprised by the 2.8% in the first quarter. I wouldn't be surprised to see that come down a little bit in the remaining quarters of 2011, but then I would expect to see it go back up in 2012 as we start getting the tailwinds from the CPI benefits.
David Steiner: Yes, I would say it was fairly consistent with internal expectations. We had the $0.01 from stock options, which was not built into our budget when we put our budget together. We probably had a little bit, probably $0.01 worth of weather that we didn't build into our budget. But the rest of it was pretty much built in. And so I would say it was consistent with our internal expectations. Look, you all can see it just like we see it, which is we've got to get those cost savings in the back half of the year if we're going to make our number. And right now, we've got some fairly good visibility into that, and we're pretty confident we can get it done.
David Steiner: Yes, most of that was in recycling assets along the Atlantic Coast and solid waste acquisitions. What you're talking about the water treatment acquisition in the Marcellus Shale was a fairly small acquisition. But it's interesting that as we've turned the company to focus more on growth initiatives, you've had people that have taken it upon themselves to find ways to grow. And that Marcellus Shale is a great example of an area where we were already providing services, disposal of drill cuttings into our landfill. And by doing that, we started to recognize there was a need for water and for water services, for frac-ing fluid, and we were able to get into that at a fairly low cost and to supplement our offering, with our landfill offerings Pennsylvania. So it's been a really nice success story for us.
David Steiner: The weather was certainly a part of it. But I think you also have to look at the growth initiatives, which we really spent substantial amounts on the cost side -- I'm sorry, the cost initiatives. We really started investing in January. And so those are 100 basis points off the gross margin right there. In our waste-to-energy business, we knew we had some issues. We're going to address it in one of our plants. We forecasted it in our work and that was another 60 basis points of impact that we had. So I really think that's the driving piece of it. It's those particular items that make up the headwinds that we've already talked about.
David Steiner: It was close to flat. Frankly, what we've been seeing over the last 3 years is that, that container weights have been generally down a couple of quarters where it's been up. And so it was improved, it was less negative, but it was still just slightly negative.
David Steiner: Yes. Jon, I think as you're well aware, sort of the first quarter with the volume being down, it's sort of hard to be too aggressive on pricing. But when we looked at it even in the first quarter, about 2/3 of our landfills had price increases at them, and nearly 50% of those price increases were over 3%. So we made some good progress in the first quarter, but we've got to make better progress. If we want to do that 5% to 7% goal, I think you're absolutely right. We've got to make some strong progress here in the second and third quarters. Whether we hit that for the full year or whether we hit that as a run rate, I think, is still an open question.
David Steiner: No, I think you've hit the nail right on head. When we looked at the first quarter, we were stronger on pricing than we thought we would be. And so we said we think we'll meet or exceed the budget on pricing. And we were weaker than we thought we'd be on volumes. So we decided to say it's going to be closer to flat for the year, obviously. But like we said, the first quarter, it's hard to tell what's going on in the first quarter because of weather. And then we also had some pretty bad weather right at the end of the year in the fourth quarter. And so after we see the second quarter volumes, we'll get a better feel for what we think the full year will be. But we thought, given the negative 1.7% in the first quarter, we want to be a little bit more conservative on volumes for the year. But again, we'll know more after we see second quarter seasonality trends.
David Steiner: Yes, so when you look at our fees, there are 3 primary fees that we have. We've got our environmental fee, which went up last year, and so it will anniversary starting in June. We got about an $11 million benefit from that in the first quarter. We don't expect that to be a benefit in the back half of the year, could be even slightly negative, but basically flat to the back half of the year. We've got our administrative fee, which gave us an $8 million benefit in the first quarter. And again, that anniversaries in the second quarter, so we expect to get no benefit of that from that. And then we got our new container service fee, which was $11 million benefit in Q2. We'd expect to see roughly that amount in the remaining quarters because that was not one that we instituted last year. So net-net, you're looking at sort of a $10 million to $15 million drag to pricing from the anniversary-ing of the fees.
David Steiner: Jon, on the CPI, what we've seen obviously is CPI going up a little bit. But most of those July 1 contracts actually price off of March-to-March timing, right? And so you'd say, you're not going to get the full benefit of the March-to-April quarter increase in CPI because they don't -- on July 1, they don't trigger off, off July 1 CPI, right? So what you'll see is that in the back half of this year, we won't see a benefit from CPI. In fact, we'll still see a little bit of a drag if you use March-to-March, April-to-April type CPI. We'll start to see that benefit on the contracts that reprice on January 1, 2012. So that's why CPI will be a drag in 2011 and turn in hopefully to a tailwind in 2012.
David Steiner: There's 3 components, Michael. First is the loss of the capacity plant payment, and that was more of a revenue issue than a cost issue. But then we had additional repairs and maintenance that we accelerated into the first quarter of 2011 for the plant we bought in Portsmouth, Virginia last year. It was work that needed to be done. We talked about this on the fourth quarter that the maintenance hadn't been done in that plant for quite a while and just catching that up turned out to be more expensive than we thought. It's not cost we won't spend some day, it's just cost we had to move up until now. And then we had some timing of other repair and maintenance operations that moved into this quarter. And that's why we expect in the second half of the year, it won't be quite as much of an issue.
David Steiner: There's absolutely no doubt, Michael, that we will see a benefit from CPI. It's just a matter of when do you see the benefit. And what you're seeing is CPI going up in the last couple of months. But again, our contracts don't use current CPI. They -- basically, the June -- most of our contracts are June 1 -- I'm sorry, July 1, January 1 and the July 1 contracts will use CPI generally on a March-to-March, April-to-April basis. And there, you're seeing more in line with 1%, 1% to 2% type CPIs. So year-over-year, it will continue to drag in the second half of the year. But the better CPI that we're seeing today will end up going into our repricing in January of next year. So we'll get the benefit, it's just a matter of when. We won't get it in the back half of the year. We'll start to get it in the first quarter of 2012.
David Steiner: And Michael, the sort of way I look at it is as we look at the downturn with the decreasing volumes, frankly, I'd been extremely impressed on the costs side on how our folks have been able to flex down costs. And when -- as Bob talked about, when you look at procurement and the logistics department, they've done a great job at flexing down costs and generally maintaining margins, increasing margins year-over-year, every year since I've been here even though we've had declining volumes. But having said all that, you get to a point where you're not getting as much traction here. As Bob talked about, the onboard computers, we were getting benefits from that. But you got -- sometimes you have to bring in sort of outside eyes to take a look at it and show you some new ways to do things. And that's exactly what we've done here. It's been very good. We're seeing some really good progress. And then ultimately, it becomes the way you do business and you get rid of those outside eyes. And so that's the process we're going through right now. Obviously, it takes some investment to do that, but we're counting on that to being a fairly quick payback in 2011 and then accelerating into 2012.
David Steiner: Yes, I know there's revenue but not enough to offset it, right? I mean -- and so what you've got when you look at the two primary growth initiatives that we focus on, Bagster and medical waste, what you've got in Bagster is huge growth rates. I mean we grew the number of bags sold in March. There were about 24,000. That was over 100% increase from last year. The problem is that you've got to spend a lot of advertising dollars to get customer awareness. And that basically what drags down Bagster is the fact that you've got to get that customer awareness built up. As you build volume, obviously, that helps. And then as you get more market awareness, ultimately, you won't need to spend as much on marketing. And then on the medical waste side, the investments we've made have been mostly in building out infrastructure. And then once you build out infrastructure, you've got to add salespeople in order to go and get revenue. And it's a fairly long-cycle sale in the medical waste side. So both of those don't have enough revenue to offset those sort of start-up costs.
David Steiner: Yes, it's interesting. You all see the headlines just like we see the headlines. I've been surprised that with gasoline prices as high as they are, there hasn't been as much talk about it. I mean, in other words, I think the last time it happened, there was the initial shock because it really hadn't happened before. And now I think people are pretty used to gasoline, whether $3 per gallon -- at $3 with it, right? And so obviously, I think all American businesses have to be concerned about high fuel applied prices dampening the economy. Frankly for us, I think there's sort of a sweet spot in there between roughly $3.50 a gallon of gasoline where frankly it's not so high that we can't recover it through our fuel surcharge and customers don't complain about that. Yet as we've talked about before, our smaller local competitors that don't have fuel surcharge are just going to have 1 choice or 2 choices: make less money or increase prices. That's a good thing. And then as the price of diesel goes up, if they're going to drive by our landfill, we basically price our landfill by figuring out what's the cost and the next best alternative. And all of sudden, the next best alternative becomes a lot more expensive at higher diesel prices. So I think you've hit the nail right on the head. My concern is not that it's going to impact our business because frankly I think the impact to our business are pretty good. My bigger concern would be that it would have an impact on the larger economy. And so far, I think people have been a little bit immune to the higher prices, let's hope it continues.
David Steiner: Hey, it's a wonderful idea. We've always -- we've put in some swaps this quarter to take advantage of it, about $600 million in notional value. And we'll continue to take a look at that. We aren't going to add that just because it's cheap. We need to have a reason to do it, but we certainly will look at it all the time.
David Steiner: Yes, it's interesting that you say because I think you're absolutely right. We've seen the costs go up there. But for the first time in a long time, we've actually started to see some positive pricing at the transfer station level. So generally the transfer stations have almost been viewed as a pass-through. A couple of years ago, we got folks that focus on them as more of a cost center and a profit center, and I think you're seeing the results of that.
David Steiner: No. I mean, we have seen virtually no noise on pushbacks from the fuel surcharge. Now interestingly, one of the things we have seen is that some of our, both national and local, competitors have been out offering new business pricing with no fuel surcharge. I gotta tell you, that's going to be a tactic they're going to regret the next year.
David Steiner: Yes, on the Bagster side, I think you're right. You have to see activity. And one of the things that we saw when we first looked at this Bagster opportunity was with the new housing starts down, you're going to have more people doing remodeling, right? And so that's the perfect opportunity for Bagster. And so I'm not certain that Bagster is as much tied in to the overall economy as, for example, our typical roll-off hauls. Because as you see fewer people buying homes or constructing homes, your roll-off hauls go down. But what that means is that you've got to remodel your current home and that should drive Bagster sales up. On the medical waste side, it's not as tied to the economy, frankly, as it is tied to getting the salesforce in place and getting them through the long cycle of sales, right? In other words, you build infrastructure and so that costs you money and that has costs. And then you add salespeople and that add costs. And if your sales cycle is three to six months on the medical waste side, you're going to suffer those costs before you start seeing revenue. And so we've been adding salespeople. We continue to add salespeople in medical waste. We need to see them starting to generate enough revenue to pay for themselves, if you will, because of the long sales cycle in medical waste. That takes a little bit longer.
David Steiner: Yes, we just picked up a bunch of hospitals from a large hospital chain. That comes onboard in the first and through the second quarter. So that's going to add revenue. We've had quite a few successes on the medical waste side out in the West Coast and the East Coast and so -- but those are customers that were adding basically in the first and second quarters. So you've got -- you should have some additional revenue generation. Frankly, it's been a little bit slower than we expected because we've got a competitor out there that's pretty fierce in doing whatever they need to do to retain customers. But that, too, will pass, and we think that medical waste will be a great business for us. And then on Bagster, clearly what we've seen year-over-year is over 100% growth on sales and over 200% growth on pickups. And so we're pretty confident that we'll see improvement there. Now I will tell you that in my mind, the back half of the year is a heck of a lot more focused on the cost reduction initiatives than it is the growth initiatives. Remember what we said about the growth initiatives is that they're going to continue to be negative in the second and third quarter and sort of flat to maybe slightly positive in the fourth quarter. So we're not banking the back half of the year on our growth initiative. We're banking the back half of our year on the cost reduction initiatives.
David Steiner: And when you look at the fourth quarter and the first quarter, you've also got to recognize that we had sort of a mix issue, right? And when you look at this quarter, for example, on special waste only being positive roughly 3%, that's one of our highest margin businesses right there. And so -- and the same with the other landfill volumes in the commercial line of business. So you've got a little bit of mix that I think was driven more by weather. And so between that and what Bob talked about, I think you should see that normalize as we go through the seasonal uptick.
David Steiner: We redesigned it mid-year last year, so it's fully rolled out. And all we did was -- in the redesign, was make sure we got better coverage as fuel prices went up, so our surcharge followed more quickly. And so it's working. It's working just the way we expected it to the way we redesigned it. And I expect that as fuel prices adjust throughout the rest of the year, it will adjust as quickly.
David Steiner: No. Thank you all for joining us. We think we had a very solid start to the year. We expect that to continue into the second quarter, obviously, with acceleration in the back half of the year. I'm very confident that we've got the right people in place and the right ideas in place to see that happen. So we look forward to the rest of 2011.
Robert Simpson: Hamzah, we don't comment specifically on anything. But we think there's a pretty good pipeline for the acquisitions, and we will continue to pursue them. I don't see us doing anything gigantic, but I do see us continuing to look at the pipeline and playing where we think we can get some value.
Robert Simpson: That should be it. Michael, that hit relates to the fact that under our option plan -- and by the way, we have a bit more mix. We changed our mix of options versus performance shares to put more into options. And this is silly, but the retirement provision in our option plan allows those people who are retiring and eligible to vest immediately and you have to take the hit immediately.
Robert Simpson: To continue that. But even though -- because it allows us to continue vesting even after they retired. I -- first, I'm a beneficiary of that so I should both feel bad and good about it. But anyway, that's really the cause of it. And once that's booked, you don't have any other continuing impact on it.
Robert Simpson: Yes, Michael, that's a very good question. I was going to clarify a little bit. The $0.01 that we talked about that are -- will be going through SG&A, the benefits will be going through operating expense primarily in this year. And some of them will go through SG&A, but mostly it will go through operating expense. And we do expect the benefits to be seen starting toward the end of the second quarter and well into the -- and to be relatively significant in the third and fourth quarter. Here's why we believe it. The 2 areas we're focusing on primarily -- there's a lot of areas we're focusing at. The 2 are procurement and the routing logistics side of the business. With procurement, it's pretty easy to see where the opportunities are. And once you start the process of renegotiating contracts and getting through that whole effort, you can see that the benefits are going to come and we have good visibility to that. So that one, we're quite comfortable with, and we think there's a significant opportunity there. In the other area, the routing and logistics, we expect there will be some benefit this year. We're spending a little bit more in the second half on that than we will with procurement. The nice thing about procurement is once you've gotten it going, you internalize it pretty quickly and you take it from there and you don't really need to have the consulting costs to help. On the routing and logistics, that's going to take a little bit more time. We've already started the process of taking a redesigned -- or the effort to taking our redesigned processes supported by technology into one area, one market area, where we're about to begin to roll it out in a second market area. Because of the complication of it, we're taking time to do it. We found that just putting a new technology on a truck isn't enough unless you really take the time to retrain people to use the information and change the processes. And that's just going to take a little longer. But that gives us comfort when that will take us into next year, the procurement benefits will continue, the routing and logistics benefits will continue. And then the third area we talked about was consolidating certain functions. And in order to do that, you got to go through a process redesign, pick a location, find the right people and then staff that function. And that's something that will take a couple of years, to me, a good 12 to 18 months of organized and do. So it will take a little longer for those things to get into to see the benefits. But the pieces from the procurement and some of the others, you will see pretty quickly.
Robert Simpson: So you'll see 2 things in the second half of the year. You'll see the consulting costs coming down, you'll see the benefits picking up.
Robert Simpson: Michael, you got -- we did some analysis on that, and what we got to do -- we got to assume that our sales group, through their customer focus growth effort, will be able to grow revenue to keep their share of the costs down at a certain level that fits the 9% SG&A run rate going forward. We gotta assume our growth initiatives will do the same thing. And they've got plans that tell us that they're working on plans to get to that. On the G&A side, we've got to take a fair amount of costs out and you don't do that without the efforts we're going through right now.
Robert Simpson: Are we moving fast enough? We think so, and certainly what we're trying to do here. So I think that's purpose of the effort. You go back a couple of quarters and you could see the significant cost reductions that we've had on the operating side. And as David said, as time goes on, those get harder and harder to do and you need to find something new. So we're going through these cost reduction initiatives. And now we do think that it's time to do it.
Michael Hoffman: Can you just dig a little deeper into the waste-to-energy data, because I'm struggling a little bit based on the charts you've provided. Revenues were actually up year-over-year. You show in your yield calculation flat from a disposal standpoint, flat from an energy standpoint, yet it's a drag. So this has to be a cost issue. I'm trying to understand what's happening in the costs.
Michael Hoffman: The CPI, help me a little bit here. Everybody is talking about CPI, but you all are actually talking about this more negatively than everybody else is. There's a more positive bend on CPI from overall in the market but then strictly specifically related to your peers. So I'm having a -- I mean there's no question we're seeing some inflation and I'm having a little trouble why you were counting it as a negative at this point.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then help me get comfortable with why you have such confidence that the $0.03 drag for costs becomes $0.02 and goes to maybe $0.01 and then 0 and then it's additive going into '12...
Michael Hoffman: Just one second -- I mean, for a long time, we've heard Waste Management talk about investing to save and it's hard to see the save. We've seen the investing, but help us get comfortable why you really believe that.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then I know you -- this isn't a stated out-the-market goal, it's an internal one, but you have this vision of being at 9% SG&A margins by the end of 2012. There's a lot of room between the lip and the cup on that at this point.
Michael Hoffman: And then on the growth side, I mean you're losing money right now. I get it, you're investing, but you're losing money. You're losing money at a tune of -- depending on what your tax issue, something in the $75 million to $100 million a year. Are there revenues at this juncture offsetting that or is this all investing? I mean, serial revenues, not serious revenues, not a little bit of revenues.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then 2 last questions. The last time gas prices got really high, you clearly had a compression on the consumer activity. What's your sort of feel about that? And admittedly, that was in the middle or at the start of the recession, but what do you feel about it today? We're on the backside of this recession, but gas prices are high.
