David P. Steiner: Yeah. I think they are two sides of the same coin, right. I mean, I think our performance on the volume side was driven by both. You can't have continued volume increases when you're leaking customers out at the backend. So, we've really done a nice job this year of not only adding more new business, but losing less of our business. And so what I'd say Joe is that, we did a great job on that front. But as we get the tools in place to really understand profitability by customer. We can be a lot more focused on maintaining the right customers rather than just retaining the right number of customers.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Certainly on the commercial line that's a reasonable bogey. I mean, you hit on it earlier which is the route density, the ability for us to add the right customers in the right location at the right price is really the core to our sales and marketing efforts.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Well, the commercial line is – yes, you're absolutely right, certainly at the landfill line, it's higher than that. In the industrial line, it will be higher than that. But the commercial line is really where you get that benefit of added density.
David P. Steiner: No, when you look at what's happened to our commercial volume over the last, call it, 10 quarters. It's been a really steady progression of about 0.5% to 0.8% every single quarter. And so, the beauty of the commercial line of business is once you signup those customers, unless they go out business, they're with you for a long time. And with the churn rate going down, I would say we are at the beginning of the cycle, nowhere near the end.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. I'd say they're a little bit ahead of where we expected. Like I said, the commercial line of business has been a very easy pattern to follow. The march has been very steady at about a 0.5 point to 1 point improvement every quarter. Obviously, the industrial line is a little bit more seasonal, and we probably had some of those volumes move into the first quarter, with the stronger construction season in the first quarter. The landfill line again has been a pretty steady march, again a little bit of extra volume probably in the first quarter. So I'd say we're a little bit ahead of where we are, but we don't expect the trend to change. That's why we think that we're on a very good march towards that positive 1% plus volumes by the end of the year.
David P. Steiner: And with respect to last part of the questions, obviously it's still early, but July volumes continue to show the steady progression.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, obviously, the comps get a little bit tougher that. And so, there is no, there are no big contracts. In fact, we have a couple of contracts on our national accounts side, that will be coming on in the back half of the year. And so, there really aren't any large volume losses like we've had in the past few years, particularly in the residential line of business. But there are a little bit tougher year-over-year comps.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Michael, as you've heard us talk about that's our Periscope project and Jim Trevathan is leading that, so maybe he can talk a little bit about what we're doing with Periscope.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Obviously, we put our budgets together in the October-November timeframe. So, we'll look at it then and where we are at that point in time, but what I've said Michael is that I do think we're progressing towards that what I call the 2% price, 2% volume, the 2x2. I've said that it's probably 18 months away, but as we put together our budgets for 2017, hopefully we'll see it on the horizon a little sooner.
David P. Steiner: And Michael, I'm not sure when the country talked about an industrial recession, I think they're thinking about things like automobiles and refrigerators. I think Houston is sort of indicative of the country, which is the west side of Houston is not doing so great because of low oil prices, but the east side of Houston, when you go to Beaumont, Lake Charles the spots where we have our industrial landfill base because of the low energy price inputs, those places are booming. You can't buy a house in Beaumont, not that anyone would want to.
David P. Steiner: But that's – yeah, that's a wonderful city. But the chemical corridor is doing spectacularly well, certainly is not in any kind of industrial recession. So, when we look at our overall industrial business, it's actually performing very well.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. The overall commercial business as Jim Trevathan mentioned with about 60% to 70% of our new business coming from greenfields, which are our brand new operating businesses. It seemed to us that the whole commercial end market is very strong. We don't look at it necessarily by the various segments but the end market actually seems to be very strong.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. The bulk of those – of those volume declines were large contracts, where we were losing money and we rebid them to make money and someone else took the contract. And so losing those volumes is the best thing we can do for recycling because they were literally negative margin volumes.
David P. Steiner: Yeah, and look, prices are up, not dramatically, just in that 2% to 3% range – for the quarter. So, not a dramatic increase in price. And as we look forward, remember, every year, you seem to have that seasonal uptick and then starting in July, it starts to tick down. So, we're not certain that we're going to see that benefit in the back half of the year. But, generally what we say is that every $10 in commodity prices equates to about $30 million of EBIT for us. And so what we've tried do in this business is to make sure that if commodity prices go down, our earnings don't take a negative hit, but if commodity prices go up, they take a positive hit. So we've tried to de-risk the business. So that there's no downside, only upside. If the commodity prices go down in the back half of the year, we think we can offset that with operational improvement. So, we don't expect any negative benefit in the back half of the year, if we see anything in the back half of the year, it will be a positive benefit from recycling.
David P. Steiner: Yeah sure. We're about 75% to 80% of the way through what I'd call those negative margin contracts. We still have a couple more that will roll off over the next six months to nine months. And so, and that's why say in the back half of the year, being 75% to 80% through those contracts, obviously we still have 20% to 25% that have some exposure to downward commodity prices. But, if that 20% to 25% sees downward commodity prices, we do think we can offset that with operational improvement. So, that's why I say in the back half of the year, there really is only upside from recycling. There really isn't much downside. Now, as we look back into the back half of year, we're not counting on a dramatic commodity price increase. But any commodity price increase that we have obviously falls straight to the bottom line.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. Look, I think they get it. It's been a very prolonged downturn. This has been a different downturn than we've ever seen in the recycling markets. And so, I think they get it. Now, early on in the cycle you had some people that came in and bid some of these contracts under the old methodology, right. And they're not very happy with those contracts right now. So, in my mind, it sort of follows the same cycle that we saw with the fuel surcharge back in the early 2000s where initially people go well, we will count on the markets bouncing back. So we'll continue to bid under the old model. They're now stuck with three-year to five-year contracts where they're going to lose money for three years to five years. The next time those contracts come up, they will be bid more rationally. So, not only do the municipalities get it but I think that, that the recycling business community gets it too. And so, I think what you'll see is a much more rational bidding behavior over the next five years.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. What I meant, Al, was that our original targets were 4% core price, 2% yield. We're going to exceed those, there is no doubt about it. This quarter it was 4.9%, so well above our target and 2.6%, well above our 2% target. And so, on the back half of the year, we've got some CPI headwinds, we've got some year-over-year comp issues, we've got the timing of price increases, so it might moderate a little bit. But, nothing dramatic, nothing that will dramatically affect profitability, we still expect that have a great back half of the year. And for the full-year, we'll clearly exceed that 4% core price target and that 2% yield target.
David P. Steiner: Noah, even with the positive progress that Jim just talked about on shifting within these contracts, it's no secret that resi is a top line of business for us and I think it – to me it highlights the need for good solid disposal pricing. And we believe that we've made some progress on disposal pricing not as much as we would like part of – you will see an improvement as our charge kind of – how do we put it, in last quarter actually started on July 1. Starts to kind of come to fruition, but look that line of business has in all honesty has been a disappointment for us. We are doing a lot to try and fix it and part of that is addressing it on the disposal side of our business.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. when we look at the – at the acquisition market, basically the last three years, we've done a moderate size deal each year that added sort of that $50 million to $75 million of EBITDA. So, we did Deffenbaugh – RCI in Montreal, Deffenbaugh in Kansas City and then SWS in South Florida. And we really don't see another one of those on the horizon. We've looked at a number of deals, in the Southeast and some other places where, what you've said is exactly right, sellers have gotten a little bit undisciplined on what they want. We're generally willing to pay sort of six times to eight times EBITDA, given the synergies we can pull out. For a bigger deal, we might pay 7 times to 9 times EBITDA, again, because we can get good synergies and post synergies, we can get it at sort of 6 times to 7.5 times EBITDA. The part of the problem is we've got a lot of the solid waste sellers that want 12 times EBITDA, and that's just not a number that really works for us. And so, we really don't see one of those decent sized solid waste acquisitions on the near horizon. We aren't looking dramatically outside of our core solid waste. As Jim said, if we saw some opportunistic buying on the industrial side or energy services, we'd look at that, but we are not currently actively looking at anything in that arena. And so, we're sort of back to what I'd say are our smaller tuck-in acquisitions, sort of the $10 million to $20 million type acquisitions. And we've asked our business developers to pick up the pace on those to make up for the fact that we don't have any of those larger transactions on the horizon. And so, you know the deal. These things go in cycles. There are not a lot of buyers out there, you really haven't seen a dramatic amount of activity in the M&A side. And so – and I think that's probably because a lot of these sellers have heightened expectations, as the industry dynamics have improved, I would say that the industry is showing just as much discipline on the M&A side as they are on the operational and pricing side, no one is out there paying crazy numbers. So, those businesses are going to be sold, it's just the matter of when they get to a reasonable multiple.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. When I look at the first half of the year and the outperformance in recycling, the outperformance in recycling is sort of offset by the underperformance on our leachate costs, which as we've said were up $22 million this quarter. And so those – actually that's a slight negative overall. And so from an – from a business point of view, when I look at the year, it's the plain and simple stuff, it's the blocking and tackling, price, volume and cost control, right. And we've seen steady progress on all three of those. We don't expect that to slow down. And so, the back half of the year, it obviously ramps up a little bit more than the first half of the year. But, we're pretty optimistic that we're going to continue to see the strong performance continue. Again it's blocking and tackling – price, volume, costs.
David P. Steiner: And the beauty of that is when you see that local competitor take on sort of a moderate sized residential contract. Generally, what happens is they lose their focus on the commercial and the industrial side. So, they're adding trucks on the residential side. We don't have any problem with that, as long as they're not adding trucks on the commercial industrial side. So, for us, it's really a matter of balance, where do you want to invest your capital? And for us, we'd much rather invest our capital on the commercial industrial side than on the residential side.
David P. Steiner: Yeah. It's really a great question. And look, as we've said many times, our first priority would be to reinvest it in the business through acquisitions. The fact that we don't have one on the horizon doesn't mean, these things – these things happens fairly quickly. So, we want to make sure that we keep enough powder dry that if something comes along, we're able to act and act fast without leveraging up the balance sheet too dramatically. And so, we're always going to save a little bit of a dry powder to make sure that we can do any of those acquisitions that come along. And then, when we look at it, obviously our dividend yield has gone down with the stock price going up. And so, at the end of the year, when we look at our dividend, I would expect that we'll see another good increase in the dividend coming into the back half of the year. And then, on the share repurchase side, the bulk of the remainder of our cash goes to our share repurchase. We don't really time share repurchases. And so, we're going to ultimately do sort of $500 million to $800 million of share repurchases every year and I'd expect to see that continue.
David P. Steiner: Thank you. In a year where there doesn't seem to be a lot of good presidential news, we actually have some very good presidential news here at Waste Management. Today, we'll be issuing a press release and we're going to file an 8-K, announcing that we're promoting Jim Fish to the role of President. I wish I could promote him to role of President of the United States, but unfortunately all I can do is promote him to President of Waste Management. As part of our ongoing succession planning process, the board and I felt that the next logical step in that process was for us to name Jim President. We are conducting a search for a new Chief Financial Officer, who will report to Jim and while that search is underway, Jim will retain his CFO responsibilities. Obviously, you all on the phone know Jim very well. Many of you have worked with him for a while now, so you know why the board and I have such confidence in him. He has really been pivotal to the success of our company and he's also a talented leader with tremendous knowledge of all aspects of our business. The promotion is a well deserved recognition of his past accomplishments and another step in his development as a leader. I'm sure, you'll join me, our board, our senior leadership team and the rest of our Waste Management family in congratulating Jim on this great achievement. And with that operator, we will see you next quarter. Thank you.
James C. Fish: Joe, I would say on the operating – with respect to operating expenses, that was a good story as well. We were up $22 million if you exclude that pension charge last year, but you're up $22 million on 3.3% top-line growth. So if you adjust for revenue growth, our salary and wages line improved by about 20 basis points and we really overcame the merit increase – the annual merit increase of about 2.5% and that increase in landfill operating costs.
James C. Fish: Joe, I'd also add that most of our new customers, our greenfield sites, new customers, new startups, it's about at the 60% mark of new customers. So that tells you there is some economy positives occurring.
James C. Fish: Andrew, the big question that we had really at the end of the first quarter was how much volume did we borrow, because of the mild weather that David mentioned, how much did we borrow in Q1 from Q2. And that borrowing would have occurred really in two lines of business, it would have occurred in the roll off line of business primarily within the temporary roll off component. And then it would have occurred in the landfill line of business. And looking at it, it looks like if you adjust out the added work day that we had in Q1, we think we probably borrowed somewhere in neighborhood of 60 basis points to 80 basis points of volume in those two lines of business, but still when you look at a 150 basis point improvement in the industrial versus last year and commercial being up 250 basis points which didn't see any borrowing from Q1 to Q2. We felt pretty good about volume in Q2 and as David said, probably a little bit ahead of where we expected to be, particularly on the commercial line.
James C. Fish: No. It's interesting because you hear everybody talking about this industrial recession that's going on in the U.S., and I would tell you we're not seeing at our – our C&D volume, which is part of the industrial line of business, and then our special waste volumes are probably the best gauges of the economy – that part of the economy. And they're pretty strong, both were solid in Q2. June was the strongest month for the quarter, and July shows continued strength. So we're just not seeing the industrial recession. Now, maybe it's because we're at the backend of the cycle, but I would tell you, we're – even when we look at our special waste pipeline, it looks pretty strong. So, I'd tell you we're not seeing what the rest of the country seems to be talking about.
James C. Fish: There's probably three numbers that really matter in that, Michael. You've got the one-time CapEx piece and that's about $100 million and that's offset by kind of a one-time cash flow monetization – cash taxes monetization. So those two offset one another at about $100 million apiece. And then you've got just the business itself growing at about $100 million coming in through the EBITDA line.
James C. Fish: And if you look at the whole first half of the year on recycling, while we were up in commodity prices for Q2 by about 2.3%, we're actually down still year-to-date over 4% in commodity prices and, to David's point, we think that'll probably even out, we're cautiously optimistic because of the dynamic that he mentioned with kind of high prices in Q2 and then they tail off in Q3 and Q4, but we're cautiously optimistic that we might be able to get to flat pricing. All of the benefit that you're seeing from recycling, a big chunk of the benefit you're seeing from recycling for us has been on the OpEx side where we've taken quite a bit of OpEx out for the first six months and we'll continue to do so in the back half.
James C. Fish: Al, there is a couple of components of that industrial line of business. It's a big category. Of course energy services, I mean that we've had some questions, when we've been out talking to investors about are you seeing your energy services business coming back because you're seeing the price of oil bouncing back up and what we've said is look, energy services is really not so much driven by the price of oil, as it is driven by drilling activity and we've not seen drilling activity rebound in the form of recounts. So, the energy service piece is still pretty soft year-over-year. It's a pretty big negative for us that we've fought back against. Coal ash is another component. Coal ash, as you know, we have a big Duke contract that – that is proceeding well for us. And we're seeing some, certainly seeing the landfill impact from that contract. The utilities – the public utilities are out there developing their coal combustion residual plants at each – for each plant. And we expect that those plants will result in a combination of kind of onsite work and some offsite disposal for us, in the next few years. So, coal ash will be good. I would tell you that, that for the most of these companies prefer to handle it onsite, prefer beneficial reuse, we can handle all three. But we'll certainly see some benefit in addition the new contract. C&D, we talked about. C&D has been strong and I would tell you that in talking to one of our area Vice Presidents, who has a strong C&D market right now, he believes that that's part of what's affecting his commercial volume is that David has said it many times, it's when you start seeing these big tracks of land being taken out and we get that C&D business. That maybe the more beneficial side of that is getting the commercial volume the permanent business on the backend of that. And this – this VP seems to think that's exactly what's going on and then, there are couple of other components within the industrial line of business as well. But overall I think, industrial looks to be reasonably strong for us and it appears to be continuing down that path.
James C. Fish: Yeah. So, M&A is an opportunity for us there. Although, we've bought a company called FlashDirect a couple of years ago. And they have really grown tremendously since the acquisition of since we acquired them a couple of years ago. So, while we're always looking for proprietary technologies and that's what FlashDirect brought to us. Right now, we feel good with that acquisition, but not to say we wouldn't look at another acquisition there or in any other space, in energy services for example, it's got to be properly priced and we don't want to kind of buy at the bottom, but and we can talk more about M&A later. But, yeah, we'd certainly be interested in acquisitions, we just need to make sure it's the right technology and provides the right returns.
James C. Fish: Yeah. Look it's about the same. I mean last quarter it was negative 3.4%. We've had some 2.6% and last year we had a couple of negative 3.6% on volume. So it's not been a great volume business for us. By the way, a lot of that is by design, but I think the changes that Jim talked about in those contracts are kind of back to David's point about de-risking the business or helping to de-risk the line of business. And then I think it's very important that we – we've had some very stiff competition within the resi line of business and so it's important for us to continue to push disposal price increases in addition to collection price increases. We're pushing collection price increases through this residential line of business on our customers, but I think it's important that we push disposal price increases on our third-party customers as well. They should have to pay their fair share.
James C. Fish: By the way Tyler and we're buying more trucks this year. We're probably going to buy 10% more trucks this year than last year. So, we are buying some additional trucks you can imagine, we're not buying a lot of resi-trucks so most of them are going up on the industrial line of business and also the commercial line.
James C. Fish: Specific to the leachate investment, yeah, I think you're going to see a decline because as we talked about that kind of $100 million, not all of it is, it is the leachate plant, or the waste water treatment plant. But yeah, specific to that they will decline now, there are some other things that could affect it, if we win a big contract for example next year that might offset some of that. But not knowing that at this point, I would say that we would see at least a partial decline off of this kind of $1.4 billion or $1.45 billion number.(1:02:10)
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. Michael, I – I – you've noticed well because that is absolutely true. Part of it can be mixed, that we don't have control over. But what we do have control over, we're seeing the benefit of that. We're retaining more of that price. Periscope and it's a self service analytical platform, it really marries kind of revenue cost unit data, gives us profitability and trending profitability. We can do it, Michael, by customer, by sales rep, we can do it by customer segment or a sales channel by route, geography. It really will help us as we move forward. We're about halfway through, rolling it out to our 17 areas. Not all of them are executing with it. We're in the final steps of putting together a playbook that really will be because the analytics are so intuitive and so obvious, it will be really heavy on action. What do we do with the tool to get benefit? Most of that will come as we finish the rollout in Q4 and especially into 2017. But, for those areas that have been – have had it up and running, we see the benefit. We also see some real strong effort just in execution by our team on retaining those higher margin customers. And I think that plays into that yield positive as well. We've got really good processes that are being executed across the areas to retain customers and our operating team is providing a lot better service that we measure really consistently with real accountability processes. I think that trend will continue.
James E. Trevathan: Michael, we've got, I don't have the number in front of me, but we've piloted in the Southeast and that's one of our highest yield and our most improved from a retention standpoint area. So we see the benefit of that from that area using it and implementing the tool.
James E. Trevathan: Noah, Jim Trevathan, here. We absolutely are focused on it not just with the residential line of business but with our national account business. With CPI obviously below one and not looking for any real strength in that number. We have migrated in that regard. We're – on new contracts, that is the goal of every new contract to have a metric that is closer to our cost increases rather than CPI. And we're on the residential side probably a third of the way through. On the national account side, we're getting a different metric on every renewal of a contract. It may not be the full wastewater treatment metric, that's generally 200 basis points, 300 basis points higher than CPI. But we see that as the way forward to minimize the margin deterioration as our costs go up, but yet CPI stays below one. So that is absolutely a focus and we're little less than halfway through, but again those are long-term contracts. So, as they change, that's the goal.
James E. Trevathan: And, Noah, an example of that – of that focus, on the residential line we were over 2% in yield for the quarter where we haven't been over 2% for a couple of years on the resi line of business.
James E. Trevathan: Yes, Scott, Jim Trevathan. I think part of the issue on some of that volume loss, not all of it, but enough that it's measurable are from our local competitors. When you look at interest rates where they are. They can lease trucks at a really low cost and come in and take some of the neighborhoods for example that are around the Houston area. Now they probably don't have the capital, the capability from a capital standpoint to handle one of the larger locations or franchises, but they put pricing pressure on some of those local neighborhoods, where they can get a couple of trucks really, really inexpensively and that's part of the effect. What we do is look at it from an integrated standpoint as Jim Fish said. We're integrated and we're taking the – handling the disposal internally and it's not flow controlled to another disposal site then, we're going to retain that business. Where it's not we'll turn that volume loose where it's a low collection margin and put that capital to work at a place that we get a better return.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. Michael, we – we ask ourselves that same question regularly. In the vicinity of 5% is structural churn, it's businesses, small businesses that open and then come and go. So, we probably at this point, have about 400 basis points to play with. I fully expect it to stay in single-digits and whether – our next goal is to get it below that 9% number and into the 8%'s. I think that is an achievable goal over the next few quarters, next year or two and that's what we're after. That's affected both by service, by how we handle customer issues as they come up. I think the Periscope tool will help us in that regard and help us focus price increases on customer segments that tend to accept them better and therefore reduce that churn number. Some of the process issues I mentioned earlier will help us in that regard, but a lot of it boils down to much better just front line service provision that our field guys are 100% focused on.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. Tyler, we have plenty of capacity. There are a handful of markets, where we've added some frontload capacity on the route side, but our system has plenty of capacity when you look across the whole network to handle more volume. There are places as I said earlier that we've added routes, but with the tools that we now have to service delivery optimization and SDO with the onboard computers. When we add that we're adding it at that low cost basis rather than just a truck handling a handful of customers, we re-route regularly with that tool and make sure that the efficiency numbers stay up and they have as we've added volume in high growth market. So, I don't think you're going to see the huge impact whether it's to efficiency, you will see most of those dollars on the commercial customer additions going to the bottom line.
James E. Trevathan: Right, we'll about 1,300, 1315 trucks this year versus 1,120 last year. So we see that upside and yet our efficiency Tyler is still positive about 1% year-to-date. That's a good number for us compared to historic numbers.
James E. Trevathan: Yeah. It's heightened somewhat, especially as Jim said on the industrial side, because we're seeing more growth there and have consistently over the last couple of years. But it's – you're going to see it stay in that vicinity, we expect that volume as Dave said earlier, to go past one and we'll continue in that 1,300 or so trucks on just a replacement basis.
