David Steiner: Couple of things here, first of all in 2014 we expect to allocate free cash flow to dividends as we always do about a 100 million to a 150 acquisitions and the remainder to go towards the combination of debt repayment and share repurchase and in fact we have proceeds from divestures and the proceeds from the exercise of stock options this year that we plan to use to buy back some shares in Q4. I will determine how much of that we will use once we see October free cash flow. When you think about what you talked about which was couple of the headwinds that we have on free cash flow, we have got you know the bonus payout, we have the expiration of bonus depreciation which will negatively impact us by that 230 million and on the other side we have the drivers of this year which we will expect to continue of course yield cost control capital discipline and working capital management. So and of course we intend to drive operating costs next year as well. I expect 2014 to be a solid year for us even with a little bit of headwind from those two items. 
David Steiner: Yeah you know we do have to wait for those contracts to expire but even in our existing contracts you know we have got plenty of contracts right now that have contamination level clauses and so we need to go back and forth that’s why we say, today we’re having conversations with our customers about that and we’re seeing some movement. We just can’t see a movement across the 100% of the base. So it's going to take that three years as we see the contracts roll off. As far as the mix from Green Star, we inherited a couple of bad contracts in that deal, but as far as the mix no, it’s not a dramatic mix different than our current recycling business. 
David Steiner: Well, about 40% of the entire business reset and that’s generally about 50:50 between January 1 and July 30. 
David Steiner: Yes, what we are seeing what I’d call, I think you would characterize it correctly, I recall the volume environment very stable. On the industrial side, we aren’t going to chase that low margin business, right. And so other folks are going to chase that low margin business, they are going to fill up their capacity and we are going to go on the other side, we are going to get yield on the industrial side rather than volume. So as we said that, that trade-off was pretty spectacular with margins on the industrial line moving up 130 basis points. The residential line, I would say, pricing and volumes are fairly stable, but there is always some interesting bidding on the residential side. And look I will tell you in the last few years, we probably had some interesting bids on the residential side. We have gotten much more disciplined on making sure that we don’t go after residential business, which is generally low margin, low return on capital and high investment of capital. We are just not going to chase those kind of volumes unless we can get sufficient returns. And then I guess the one that’s really popped up the most recently is on the recycling side. We recognized that we have to make a systemic change in the way we approach the market on recycling, so that we can get long-term stable earnings. And I talked about the four things we are going to do to change the way we approach the market, but you still see some folks that are out bidding large recycling contracts with just with a low processing fee or a simple split of the revenue. And my guess is that the market will adjust to these environments of high operating cost and low commodity prices. My guess is the market will adjust, but we can’t control that. Also we can control is what we do and we are going to take a much more disciplined approach to the recycling market. 
David Steiner: Well, these are mostly large municipal contracts when you are doing these audits. And so the – it’s a real interesting situation that you got going on in the recycling markets. We have pushed and everybody has pushed single stream recycling throughout the United States. What we haven’t pushed is educating the consumers as to what can go in there that can be recycled and what goes in that causes processing cost to go up. So we have to do a better job of educating what – and we can do that in conjunction with our municipal customers. As far as how are those conversations going? Look I – and I like in this to what happened in our company about 10 years ago when we put in a fuel surcharge, right. When we first put in the fuel surcharge on residential contracts, there was a lot of pushback from municipal customers. There were plenty of municipal customers that said we are not going to put a fuel surcharge in, because we have never done it before and we said fine, that’s fine we are not going to bid those residential contracts. And over time as fuel became more important to everybody, the market basically reset and now you don’t see contracts that are put out without a fuel surcharge. I would expect that same thing to happen in recycling. Look, the recycling business has not being economically viable for anyone over the last few years, we want to recycle as much as we can, we want to help our customers recycle but we obviously can’t do that unless what we have is a long term sustainable business model and so we’re going to reset our business practices to do that you know I would be surprised to see the market do the same. 
David Steiner: What Jim and his team have done on the operating cost side is you know nothing short of remarkable I mean, it really is a culture change in the way we treat both our efficiency and our service right? And it takes a long time to change that culture, so we have been doing this for a while we’re going to continue to do it, it's going to be the way we do business forever and so we have full expect to see that continue to accelerate in 2014. 
David Steiner: Yes so I’m saying overall total capital is in the 10% range and I would say that on the growth capital side, we need to look just got the appropriate returns. We haven’t turned it down. We have invested capital in our energy services business, which we considered to be a nice growth business. But I think you are right about maintenance capital where we are narrowing the definition of this and putting some discipline into the process. 
David Steiner: Yes. I mean, it’s a significant dollar amount. When we look at all of our charges, if we were at a 100% compliant and obviously you never going to get to 100% compliant, but if we were at a 100% compliant that would be roughly $360 million. And so look, we aren’t going to back down from our yield programs. What we are trying to do is drive a lot of different parts of the yield program, not just raising prices, but driving other pieces that can drive yield and either the nail on their head. One of our key focuses in 2014 will be driving environmental fee and fuel surcharge compliance up. 
David Steiner: Yes. I mean, what’s going on right now is that depending on the fee of the surcharge, only 55% to 75% of the customers actually even have the surcharge. And so just to give you an easy example, on the fuel environmental surcharge in the past, if a salesperson went out and waived the – either waived the fuel surcharge or the environmental surcharge for both of them, if they waived it for a customer, there was really no oversight about that. What we have done now is we put the rules in place that if you waive them, you’ve got to get a higher level of approval and you can imagine just that focus on fuel and environmental raises the compliance rates. And so on new business, we are going to make sure that we get it more often. And on existing business, we are going to go back and in every case, where we can get it we are going to try to get it there. And then obviously, we have got other folks that aren’t at full fuel at environmental, and that’s what you are talking about. When they are not at full fuel at environmental we can raise up – we can raise them up to get them closer to or at the full fuel or environmental surcharge. 
David Steiner: Yes, I mean look Jim talked about it earlier that there is a lot of ins and outs in ‘14 with bonus depreciation with the cash going out from the compensation accruals that we are having this year, the movement of working capital, but what we have always said that this company is first and foremost a free cash flow generating machine. Our guidance this year was $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. We have now raised that to $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. And Michael, you and I have had this conversation many times. I have always said this company had a very minimum every year it should generate $1.2 billion in free cash flow (indiscernible) and but the – with the focus that Jim and Jim have put on capital, I am very confident that we can do that not jut in 2014 but going forward. 
David Steiner: Right. I mean, there are two things one is the contractual nature, right, I mean, those are different types of contracts longer term contracts, but two is just the visibility. Just this year, we have started to get reports on sort of the top 10 customers at every landfill we will get every quarter, we will get what the price action has been with those top 10, top 20 type customers. So look pricing is all about discipline and accountability and you can’t have accountability without visibility. So you know it's the same approach we’ve taken whether it's pricing or cost, we have said you know what we are going to get the visibility so that we can hold people accountable and once you hold people accountable it's amazing what this organization does. I mean this is an execution organization and once we set the right direction they will execute and we’re holding our field managers accountable and they are holding both accountable down the line it's truly amazing what this organization can accomplish. 
David Steiner: So this year we have divested somewhere in the neighborhood of a $100 million and that’s probably about where we typically are through the year so I wouldn’t expect it to differ dramatically in 2014. 
David Steiner: Yeah you know I think like we said earlier I think that we can certainly say that the volume trend for us is very stable, you know when we look at the construction related volumes we have got very good volumes at our landfill which is very high margin. You know we don’t have as a good volume and industrial line; it's what we’re talking about earlier. We basically intentionally share some low margin industrial business and we’re not going out and chasing new industrial business at low margins. You know we have got the highest new business rate that we have had in the industrial line probably since I’ve been here. So we aren’t chasing collection [ph] volumes on the construction side. The good news is and we’re not chasing those at low margins. If we can get the right margins we will chase them but we’re not chasing them at low margins, the good news is we’re still seeing that volume come into our landfills at very high margins. So I would say that we have seen a nice uptick on the construction side for us, it manifest itself more at the landfill you know last year we had some industrial volumes from Sandy that obviously won't repeat in the fourth quarter but other than that we see the volumes on the construction side being pretty robust. 
David Steiner: Yeah you know that’s like I said there is no quick and easy fix on the recycling front. You know that’s going to take some time, you know we have got some plans in place to see improvement but frankly it's modest improvement in the near term. You know in the medium term you know I would like to sort to see how the program plays out a little bit before we make a call and what we’re going to see in the medium term but you know look this is again this is no different than what we did with the fuel surcharge 10 years ago. We sort of led the industry and it became an industry standard, look if customers want to have recycling for the long term which is look that’s what all of our goal is to have recycling for the long term. We all need to make it a more stable and profitable business and that’s what our program is designed to do. 
David Steiner: Right. Look, short-term, I think you are absolutely right. We are looking at everything we can look at short-term to improve the business. So for example, we shut down two recycling facilities and we moved up volume to third-party processors. So what you see in recycling is basically same thing you see in the solid waste which is innovating market by market analysis. So in California where you are supported by fees to support recycling, we have never really seen profitability win. And so I think you are absolutely right, Al, in the short-term we can do some things to change that. But in the long-term we need to make the entire business more profitable and more stable. And I think the four actions we talked about will do just that. 
David Steiner: So Al, while you are looking for your second question, I think it’s important to say that the recycling business is difficult as it been for us over the last two years. Recycling, it’s imperative that we would be in this business for our customer needs. Customers require it, we need to provide it. We just have to improve the business at this point and that’s why we are taking – tackling these issues as David went through. 
David Steiner: Yes, but again, Al, I go back to the – I go back to the fuel surcharge on the residential contract that occurred probably 10 years ago. At that point in time, our residential business was low single-digit margins and now what you see is sort of mid-teen type margin. So a lot of that is driven by the fact that what used to happen as you would enter into a long-term contract, fuel would go up, so your cost structure went up and before you knew it, you are losing money on a residential contract that when you are originally fitted, you made some money on and then if the municipality had a five-year renewal, they would renew it for five years and you continue to lose money on it. And so basically what we did is we said look we have got to find out what are the drivers of profitability in the residential line of business and how do we fix this from our point of view so that we don’t get stuck in this constant low single-digit margin business. Recycling is in the exact same spot here. Jim is absolutely right. We have got to meet our customer demands and we fully expect to meet our customer demands, but our customers need to realize that if they want us to meet their demands long-term, we need to make it a more viable business and we need to do that by ensuring that when times are good everybody is happy right. When times are good, we are having a revenue split with our customer. They are making money. We are making money. The problem is when commodity prices go down and processing costs go up, our customers don’t lose money, we lose money on the recycling side. So we just need to make them understand that in order to make this business work long-term, we have to make some structural changes. And I would expect that over time, you will see exactly that happened and what you will find is that we are certainly the leader in recycling. I would like to be the leader in a business that has projectable solid returns. 
David Steiner: Well look you know we certainly haven't seen that point but obviously pricing gets better as volumes get better. You know we have got a good I would characterize the volume environment right now as very stable but it's not growing like it did in the ’05 to ’07 time frame. I think if we continue to see housing starts above a 1 million, you will also see new starts pick up because you have to build new businesses around those new subdivisions and you know we expect the volume trends to not get dramatically better but we certainly don’t expect them to get dramatically worse. What we found is that since I’ve been CEO now for 10 years what we found is that our churn rate doesn’t change dramatically regardless of the level of pricing program that we have put in place and so you know I think there is still a lot of runway to go from a pricing point of view but you’re absolutely right I will much prefer to see a robust volume environment that would certainly help both from a leveraging volume point of view and from a price point of view. 
David Steiner: I wouldn’t be surprised by that, you know it's not just that we’re pruning unprofitable business, we also are chasing the low margin roll off business, you know like I said if you give me the option of getting negative on a work day adjusted basis the industrial volumes were negative 2.2%. If we can get 5.5% yield and 8.4% core price I will take that trade off every day and so what’s really going on here is that we’re shedding some volumes intentionally but we’re also not just taking our chance and throwing them out on the street you know when as other folks throw their chance out on the street and their capacity gets maximized we’re then able to go in and get selective hauls at higher prices which you know for us is a spectacular trade-off. Like we said this is the highest income from operations we’ve had in our industrial line since I’ve been here and that’s with the 2.2% volume decrease. So the price volume trade-off for us is working very well and we don’t anticipate change in that. 
David Steiner: By the way, SG&A as Jim exactly like what I said about capital before if you add yields you don’t have to add SG&A. If you add volume you do. 
David Steiner: Yes. So I can’t give you an exact utilization number, but I will tell you we just went through our business reviews with our market areas two weeks ago. And you told here anyone that says that they are missing volumes, because they don’t have equipment right. And so I would characterize the market as fairly tight from an equipment point of view and look that bodes well. I think that bodes very well for us both from a volume and from a pricing point of views, but like I said before, we expect to see some stability there. I would not be surprised if we see housing starts continue at over million starts that we see both price and volume on the industrial side, but we will wait to see it before we declare victory. 
David Steiner: Yes. Well, look our core price was the highest again that we have seen in a long time, but I think it’s a great point. Look, well, we have been our first cut of our pricing programs in sort of the 2004 to 2008 timeframe. The primary weapon that we had were price increases. We are a much more sophisticated pricing company at this point in time and we look at a number of different areas. One of the areas where we end up giving away dollars is on new business pricing versus lost business pricing and then lost business versus new business right, you lose business at a high margin and if you gain business at a low margin, you are going to lose EBIT dollars. And so we sort of changed the way that we look at pricing from quite frankly, we don’t look at yield. I mean, obviously yield is an indicator, but what we look at is total dollars dropped to the bottom line from all the actions we take on pricing whether it’s core price or which includes the fees and surcharges rollbacks, new business pricing, lost business pricing. We take a look at all of it to understand the bottom line effect of our pricing program. So getting the 2.3% yield and dropping to zero dollars to the bottom line is not what we are looking to do. We are looking to see yield go up only as an indicator of dropping more dollars to the bottom line. And so the short answer to your question is I think you are being very perceptive which is you know this is much more than just core price increases it's about pulling a lot of different levers in pricing and dropping dollars to the bottom line not just a reported number. 
David Steiner: I don’t think there is any doubt but again we can get more aggressive both on you know if you will net price increases but that means we can also get more aggressive on roll-backs that means we can also get more aggressive on new business pricing so there is a lot of ways you can drop dollars to the bottom line over and above just raising prices on current customers. 
David Steiner: Yeah you know they really isn't a lot that we can do from a technology point of view to make the processing easier and so you can’t really do it inside the plant you really have to do it outside the plant with the materials right and so you know we have got plenty of contracts that have maximum contamination levels call it at 10% and when recycling prices are high and everybody is making money you don’t go in and audit it and go back to your customer but once you start to realize that you’re getting 20% to 30% contamination and your processing cost goes up and the commodity prices go down and you start losing money that’s when you need to say look we need to go back in where we have these clauses in the contracts, we need to go back in with the customers and say we need to do a better job of helping you get these contamination rates down but in the meantime we need to either charge a higher processing fee or reduce the rebate to cover our increased processing cost. 
David Steiner: Barbara, I guess, when I look at the recycling business what happened someone referred to it earlier on one of the prior questions what you have had in the past, there are some dramatic price dips on the commodity. So back in the 90s, you had it and then back in the great recession you had it, but those were always V-shaped drops in price right. They dropped dramatically and fast, but then they came back dramatically in past. So you said okay, well we can live with a little volatility now and then. But what you have seen lately is a more sustained period of low commodity prices, but so we looked at it with low commodity prices in 2009-2010, we said okay with low commodity prices, let’s do something to fix that and we put in floors and different things like that, not thinking that our processing cost could go up because of regulations imposed by China, so the cost go up from the regulations in China and we address that. And what I am saying is we can fix some of that short-term, just like we fixed the pricing or the low commodity price short-term, we can take some actions to fix it short-term, but what we need to do is fix it long-term, because if we don’t fix it long-term, what you are going to see is that there is not going to be recycling facilities anymore, because look we want to help our customers, but we also want to do it by earning a decent return on the capital that we have got invested in this business. So we need to make some systemic changes so that we can both continue to recycle, but then also recycle even more for our customers. 
David Steiner: Yes, they recently extended it into 2014. I would say that in certain locations, you have seen a little bit of easing, but certainly not enough to make a dramatic difference. 
David Steiner: Thank you all for joining our call. We get the honor of reporting the results to you, but I can guarantee you that we don’t drive the results we have got 45,000 people at this company that are working hard every day to drive the results. And in the third quarter, they did another spectacular job, so I wanted to say personally to them thank you very much. And we will see everybody on the phone out on the road and we will see some of our 45,000 employees on to the road to give them a personal thanks. So we will see you next quarter. Thank you. 
Jim Fish: First of all when you think about capital spending for the year, year-to-date we’re about $476 million under the low end of our guidance for the year so we have got to spend 476 million for the fourth quarter, we have averaged about 400 million the last two years and we have also accelerated just recently some truck and some AT [ph] purchases and heavy equipment purchases in Q4. So we think we will be at or near the bottom end of that guidance range that we originally gave. With that said I think you know we think that 9% to 10% of revenue will be appropriate level of capital spend for waste management and we think we will finish the year within that range, basically the bottom-line here is that Jim and I have put some discipline into the process this year by trimming out some of the nice to have requests. We probably Jim approved 90% rest of the request that had come across our desk. 
Jim Fish: Yeah so I think this is really cutting out those request that we kind of categorize is nice to have and are approving all of the must have requests and Mike we have also kind of redefined what we consider to be maintenance capital versus growth capital, we used to think of a contract renewal where we had the business and the renewal required new trucks. We used to think of that as being growth capital and we agree to find that, that really isn't growth capital because it doesn’t add any top line dollars. That’s maintenance capital and has to pull out of that area vice president’s leave [ph] plan. 
Jim Fish: One quick thing here when you think about volume one sure way for us to create shareholder value and really what is a mature industry here is to price increase. Now if we’re going to make collection price increasing or increases sustainable we got to get price increases on the disposal side and I think Michael asked me question earlier about that but that is going to be important for us in 2014 is to make sure that we’re mirroring the success we’re having on a collection side of pricing with success on the disposal side and if we do and we think that that’s a long term sustainable model for growing shareholder value. 
Jim Fish: Yes so what I would say on SG&A is that that’s you know the comps get more difficult but what we have said to the field for 2014 is that’s not only where we are going to be flat from ‘12 to ’13 in absolute dollars, but we said we are going to be flat from ‘13 to ‘14. And we are in the process of going through budget reviews right now. It’s as you can imagine. That’s a difficult message for not only to feel, but for corporate to hear, but we think that it’s achievable. At some point, obviously as your business grows, you are not able to hold flat in absolute dollar terms, but we do think over this three-year period we can hold flat on SG&A and work our way through the increases, the headwinds that we face each year from conversation. 
Jim Fish: Well, it’s a good question. We have basically held it flat, including the acquisitions this year, which has been quite a task, but we expect as we said at the beginning of the year, we said we would hold flat. We are on track at this point to hold flat. We will run a little negative in the fourth quarter. We have got about $26 million worth of comp related headwinds in Q4. As I mentioned, we had about $50 million in Q3, but we still think even with $26 million in comp related headwinds, we will finish at or below last year’s levels. 
Jim Fish: It's really important that we address it on the disposal side too. So in order for us to continue down this path of success on collection pricing we have to be equally successful on the disposal side. 
Jim Fish: Yeah I think it is harder because typically you have fewer customers they are bigger customers, so there is you know little more perceived risk in the managers mind there but you know so increasing a small you know restaurant has relatively low risk to an area of Vice President versus a big disposal customer. So yeah it is probably more difficult but I think it's equally critical. 
Jim Fish: Yeah I would say that it's again I would say it's look we’re not seeing dramatic volume growth but what we’re seeing is good steady volume growth and you know we’re seeing, you know where we’re seeing the best volume growth frankly is at our landfill which obviously is our highest margin business so that’s a good thing but you know again when you look at it from our point of view the industry volumes I would say right now are doing more to support our pricing programs than providing volume leverage obviously at negative 1.3% volume we’re not providing a lot of volume leverage but what it's doing is it's filling up capacity for the rest of the industry at lower margins and we’re able to that’s able to support our pricing program. So you know we’re not going to go after I think the industry is actually growing volumes faster than we’re and by the way we’re perfectly comfortable with that because you know if the industry wants to chase there is always going to be someone that’s going to chase those low margin volumes and as long as they fill up their capacity chasing those low margin volumes we can take the higher margin volumes and when they collect it they are still going to show up with at our landfills. 
Jim Fish: Barbara, I was also going to mention that there are specific things we can do in addition to the structural changes that Dave mentioned. We are – this business has grown fairly dramatically in the number of recycling facilities over the last handful of years and it probably has exceeded the experienced base of managers that have manufacturing like experience we are moving people around they have had a great experience and they have managed cost to locations that have the largest need and we are having real success there. You will see that little by little as we drive down that 10% increase we have seen in the operating cost per ton we will start cutting into that in Q4 and especially into next year. 
