David P. Steiner: Thanks, Steve. As you all know, we've been investing in a number of initiatives to streamline our organization and to get closer to our customers. Today, we took a big step in our efforts to streamline our operations, and we consolidated a reporting layer to move field operations closer to our corporate initiatives. We're focused on 3 areas of our business: improving our yield; improving the efficiency of our operations; and getting closer to our customers through our segmentation efforts. The restructuring is designed to improve the implementation of these initiatives by creating a direct line of communications between the field and the corporate staff. And by the way, most of the corporate leaders of these initiatives are people that came out of our field operations, so we expect to have more alignment and quicker reaction time as we implement our strategies. Certainly, the actions we're taking will move more responsibility to our Area Vice Presidents and their staff. Our new structure is designed to drive performance and accountability from the Area Vice Presidents to our 2 new SVPs of field operations, Jeff Harris and John Morris. Consequently, there will be a heightened level of accountability for our Area Vice Presidents for all aspects of performance, from yield and volume, to implementation of our initiatives. So the reorganization should not only save money in the short term, but it should also lead to improved performance over the long term. We now have our 17 best leaders running our area operations, supported by a talented and efficient staff. I have complete confidence in the people that will lead our operations and our support functions and look forward to working closely with them to achieve our goals. Our new senior leaders are ideal for the new roles. Jim Trevathan has been at Waste Management for over 30 years, and has served in roles ranging from sales to operations. Aligning the 2 field SVPs with Jim is a natural extension of his current role, which includes responsibility for our field-based initiatives, like service delivery optimization and customer-focused growth. Jeff Harris has been in our company for over 12 years, and in the industry for 30 years. Jeff has run operations from New York to Canada and most recently served as the head of our Midwestern group, which has been our top performing group. Going forward, Jeff will manage the areas in the former Midwest group and will add operations on the east and west coast. John Morris has been at Waste Management for 15 years and in the industry for nearly 20 years. John has extensive experience in field operations, and for the last 5 months served the company as Chief Strategy Officer. John has long been recognized as one of our top performers and has all the experience and capabilities to take on the role. John will manage the more southern areas of our company, stretching from California to Florida. Through the restructuring we've created a number of other opportunities at all levels of the organization, and I know our people will excel in their new roles. So we head towards 2013 with renewed energy and commitment to our strategy. With that, I'll let Jim Fish go over the reorganization in more detail.
David P. Steiner: Yes, we had about just a little bit over $80 million of environmental fee in the second quarter. I wouldn't expect that number to go down in the third quarter. Remember, last year in August, we raised the environmental fee from 7.5% to 10%, and so you've got the anniversary-ing of that this year, but I wouldn't expect that number -- it's been very consistently around $80 million since mid last year.
David P. Steiner: Yes. So what we've got in the back half of the year for CPI on our contracts is roughly 2%. And so it's 1.5%, 2%, Ed, as I recall it, and so that's what we're counting on for the back half of the year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, absolutely. As you all know, we've had a lot of different investments in energy. We've made some investments in energy assets to offset fuel costs. And so those are pretty valuable assets and we'll look to monetize some of them.
David P. Steiner: Yes, they're contributing some cash. But in the back half of the year -- Steve may remember -- as I recall in the back half of the year, that would be around $20 million. So not a huge amount for the back half of the year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, so what we've got going on here is we've got these energy assets that as you drill out -- so we're spending capital to drill out these assets, too. So as they continue to produce, you continue to drill out. So you've got 2 things going on. You've got capital going out, you've got some income coming in. So net-net from a cash flow point of view, even given the earnings that you would lose on the current production, you would pick up cash, because as we sell the assets, we'd have less of a capital commitment. So net-net going into 2013, that should actually be a positive contributor to free cash flow.
David P. Steiner: So the 700 includes nothing from Oakleaf. And the 700, by the way, includes nothing from the consolidation of our former National Accounts into Oakleaf. It's completely and absolutely 100% separate from Oakleaf. No, there won't be and we don't anticipate any type of goodwill write-off from the Oakleaf operations. When you talk about the COO role, we brought Jim in here now -- what, Jim? A little over a year ago to basically take all of our field-based initiatives -- look, Jim, as I think one of you all very appropriately said, Jim is an operator's operator. Jim's been in this industry a long time. Jim's forgotten more about this industry than I'll ever know. So we brought him in here about a year ago in order to drive the big corporate initiatives we had going on, primarily service delivery optimization and customer-focused growth. So as you take out these 4 geographic groups, the layer of management and you're left with 2 operators, those 2 operators need some support staff. Those folks out in the group weren't doing nothing, they were doing a lot of things to help those folks manage their business. So they're going to need some staff to help them out. And by the way, they're going to be here in Houston. And so it made perfect sense to have them align themselves with Jim's corporate staff to provide the support they need to manage those lines of business. And so it made absolutely perfect sense. If you're really going to try to drive these initiatives in the field, why wouldn't you have the person that's responsible for the corporate support functions for those initiatives also have the folks that are responsible for the implementation in the field of those initiatives. And so it made absolute perfect sense to have them all reporting to Jim, and I'm absolutely confident you're going to start to see them drive some real savings into the business.
David P. Steiner: Yes, it's a great point. I do see it sort of remaining constant in the back half of the year. We do have the anniversary of the environmental fee coming up. We've got some benefit coming from the CPI increases. But as you all know, earlier in the year, we renewed a lot of contracts at lower rates, so that affects it a little bit. But what we're seeing, frankly, in pricing are a lot of positive signs. We're seeing the volume firm, we're seeing net service increases pick up. And so from my perspective, it's time for us to get a little bit more aggressive on new business pricing. And so that doesn't hit yield on the bottom line overnight, but moving into 2013, you should see our yield pick up from its current 1%.
David P. Steiner: Yes, the churn rate, first off, actually dropped in the quarter to 9.6%. And Hamzah, as you know, with the CPI-based revenue, it rolls off in January and July. About 7% of our revenue will be repriced in the back half of the year. As I said, that's about 2% CPI.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I think it's a great question, Hamzah, and I'm glad you asked it. Because when I joined this company, I think we had 110 areas. And when you have 110 areas, you have absolutely no choice but to have an intervening layer to manage those 110 areas. And so you've seen us drop those areas from 110 down to 25 at the beginning of this year, and now we've dropped them down to 17. And so when you look at what we did, it's frankly, it's the culmination of what we've been doing now for the last 6 years, right? It's basically we've been consolidating the structure below the group level, so that at some point in time, we'd be able to take out that group level and have a direct -- report directly to corporate. And to the second question, look, whenever you do something like this, it is the first and only question you ask yourself the whole time, which is, can we get this done without affecting our front-line operations? And I will tell you if there has been one theme to this reorganization, it has been, let's make sure that we get this done without affecting front-line operations. So as Jim pointed out, 90% of the cost savings are going to come from support functions above the district pool where our operations occur. And so we made sure that when we did that, that we could cover those functions. I'll just give you a quick example. Our view of it was, take accounting, for example. We had an accounting structure in our corporate -- in our corporate group structure, right? We also have accounting in our corporate structure here in Houston, and we have a big accounting structure in the areas at that time, each of the 22 areas. And so we said, look, if we have that much support from an accounting point of view, both at the area and at corporate, do we really need that group-based accounting support? And so we took a very logical approach to say, if there is a lot of support for that function in the area and in corporate, we would be able to either eliminate that function at the group level or at least consolidate down from 4 in each of the groups to a fewer number. So we took a very methodical approach to making sure that everything we did not only didn't disrupt our delivery operations, but it didn't disrupt our corporate operations.
David P. Steiner: Yes -- no, it doesn't change the thinking at all. Our ultimate target is 9% or below for SG&A. Obviously, this takes 100 basis points out of that, but we're still too high. Anyone that looks at this business knows that we're still too high. And so the second phase is to make sure that we can start consolidating some of those back-office functions that drives SG&A down further. Now that's going to take a couple of years for us to do that. In the meantime, we're going to be focused on operating costs through our efficiency and routing programs.
David P. Steiner: Yes, I think that's absolutely correct, Scott. I think you hit the nail on the head. And when we look at it, the core business again is operating just fine. And when we look at the full year, it's not just about the $0.07 in the back half of the year, but we're $0.03 to the negative in the first half of the year from Commodities and recycling and waste-to-energy. So we've got to make up that $0.03 in the back half of the year while fighting that $0.07 of headwinds. And so, look, we thought it was a little bit -- we thought it was appropriate to get a little bit more conservative on the guidance. And we're going to overcome that $0.03 of headwinds by all the programs that we've been talking about in the back half of the year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, we've got a couple of divestitures that we're working on, but we've been working on them for quite a while, so it's not uncertain that those will happen. The noncore assets are the primary driver of the cash flow in the back half of the year.
David P. Steiner: Yes, if you look at the schedules to our press release, we've said that likely around $250 million would be the minimum number that we'd sell.
David P. Steiner: Yes, as we said last quarter, we wanted to -- we've frontloaded a lot of our purchasing decisions for capital expenditures this year to buy CNG trucks. And so we wanted to see how the first half of the year played out before we made any commitments for our free cash flow. Our capital deployment strategy hasn't changed at all. If we can find good accretive investments at this point in time, I think it's more likely -- well, I won't say it's more likely. At this point in time, I will tell you, we're not looking for noncore investments. We're either going to buy solid waste tuck-ins or recycling facilities. If we can find good targets in that arena, we spend that cash, if not, then we're going to return it to our shareholders.
David P. Steiner: And the restructuring, Michael, is not included in those numbers. As I recall of the charge, I think we're saying about 40% of it will be cash out this year and the rest will be cash out next year.
David P. Steiner: I think primarily what you've got going on there is working capital and then don't forget the $0.07 of earnings that comes out of -- that's another $50 million.
David P. Steiner: Yes, so what you've got going on this year, Michael, is CapEx up and cash taxes dramatically up, right? And so next year, when we go to put together our budget for next year, we're going to take all of that into account to generate the cash that we need to generate. This is not a business that is -- what we're saying is this is not a business that systemically produces $950 million to $1 billion of free cash. The number is higher than that, and we're going to manage it to make sure that we keep it there.
David P. Steiner: Yes, when we look at our models, we assume average 5-year pricing. And frankly, that's about where prices are right now. It's about at average 5 years. At average 5 year, they're very accretive to return on capital, and I don't remember what percentage below it. But frankly, I don't remember the percentage below it has to go in order for it to not be. But I'm just going to think off the top of my head here, Michael, thinking back into the models. I would guess that you have to see an additional 20% plus decrease in pricing before you get there. And I'm saying that just because our models are generally in the 20% range at average 5-year pricing. So you'd have to come back down 20% to 30% in order to get it down to below the 15% IRR that we generally look at.
David P. Steiner: Yes. So I mean, you're exactly right. What we're doing here is we're getting everything aligned around 3 people frankly: It's Jim Trevathan and those 2 Senior Vice Presidents of Field Operations.
David P. Steiner: Yes, Michael, I got to tell you, we see a heck of a lot of encouraging signs in this business. You see the volumes for us being pretty stable, and we expect that to continue. We're going to take out this $130 million of costs. That's obviously a real accelerator going in. As Steve mentioned, you've got Oakleaf going sort of from the $50 million run rate to the $80 million run rate in 2013. Commodity prices again are going to be a big wild card, but you would hope that you won't see any further deterioration in that. The one thing that we've got to get laser focused on in 2013 is yield. I mean, look, that's where the dollars drop to the bottom line. And I will tell you that if the business environment stays like the way it is today, and what I mean by that, is if we continue to see positive volume, we're going to have to get more aggressive on price. Look, you all know the model. Back in 2007, we were losing volume, but we were getting a heck of lot of yield and we were seeing our margins expand handsomely. We've got to get back to that model. Now the whole thing that we've been working on for the last 2 years is to get back to that model, but get back without giving up volume for price. So we got to do a better job on yield in 2013.
David P. Steiner: Sure. When you think about it, when we do this restructuring, just take the easy example is the group offices. Are we going to continue to need those group offices? Now we haven't even started talking to a landlord about subleasing that space or anything of the sort like that, we're going to start that process right now. So my guess is that we'll find a lot of consolidation opportunities. But we just can't estimate if those are going to generate a charge or not. And so we just want to let you know it's probably coming, but we can't estimate the amount.
David P. Steiner: No, you should see it through in the third quarter. So it's a great point. What you've seen from a restructuring point of view -- remember what Jim mentioned about where we've come from. We started out the year with 25 areas, we went to 22, now we're at 17. The restructuring charges that you've seen in the prior quarters were essentially related to the prelude to the big restructuring. The moving of the 25 to 22 areas, and so that was the prelude to the big restructuring we're doing today. Could you see some charges, as we said, from lease consolidations and things like that? Yes. But the bulk of it will all occur in the third quarter.
David P. Steiner: Yes, it's a great point. And again with pricing just like I talked about the other departments, we did the same thing with pricing. Which is we said, okay, do we have a lot of pricing support out in the field and do we have a lot of pricing support in corporate? And if we do, we can eliminate that intervening layer. If we don't, then we're going to have to do something. So when we looked at our infrastructure for pricing, both out in our areas and in our corporate offices, we have a lot of pricing infrastructure. The reality is, in order to drive that price, it had to go from corporate to group to the area. Now it doesn't. No it's going to go straight from the corporate office to the areas. And so when I talk about accountability for our area and AVPs, that's exactly what we're talking about. There's no longer going to be accountability to somebody out in the field that then has to have accountability to someone here in corporate. There's going to be accountability to Jim Fish, Jim Trevathan, John Morris, Jeff Harris and me. And every quarter, we're going to sit in front of them and say, "Are you implementing the yield programs that we want you to implement?" rather than having that filter between us and them. So, I'm truly excited that it'll make us a much more nimble and efficient company, and I think it'll do that not only pricing, but in all of our initiatives.
David P. Steiner: No, that will hit day 1. We will be through everything we need to be through by January 1. That $130 million will hit day 1 through January -- through 2013. Thank you, all for joining the call. It's been an interesting time for Waste Management. We certainly have a lot of very talented people that are not going to be with our organization, and I will tell you I'm going to miss them both from a professional point of view and from a personal point of view. As someone said during this process, if anyone thinks this is easy, they've never done it before. It's not easy, but it's something we have to do for the viability of our business. And we look forward to generating some excitement and some growth going into 2013. With that, Operator, we'll give the call back to you.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Well, David, you're in the process of restructuring again and trying to get the run rate on free cash flow for the business. And you certainly lowered EPS for the commodity headwinds that are out there, but it didn't seem like there was a drop down in free cash flow and I would think with sale of some of these assets, I've got to believe they're contributing some cash to the business today.
Albert Leo Kaschalk: But going forward on a pro forma basis for the business, I mean, is it $100 million or what are we...
Albert Leo Kaschalk: Okay. With these restructurings, some new hires or a replacement now, having a COO. 2 questions: First, do you anticipate some potential goodwill impairment? I assume some of this headcount reduction, 700, has to be coming from Oakleaf operation. And then secondly, could you touch on why the change in strategy or philosophy on getting back in place a COO. I think some of us have our own views on that, but would welcome the opportunity to hear you.
Steven C. Preston: And you'll see it coming through that -- a lower CapEx line just to take forward a little bit of what David said.
Steven C. Preston: Yes, we've actually -- we've made a lot of really good progress in the last quarter. And I think on the last earnings release call we mentioned that, that second quarter was going to be an important time for us to advance our negotiations with the vendors. So we made good progress really at the top of list when you think about how we're sequencing this, at the top of the list are the larger regional and sort of multiregional providers. They've got the most volume and negotiating with them moves the needle most quickly because you can get at them a lot more easily. And we've gotten through most of those negotiations and feel pretty good about it, and that probably gets us about 2/3 of the way to our EBIT run rate. Now we're beginning to -- we're sort of concluding those discussions and jumping into discussions with the smaller vendors. That takes more time, because the volume is smaller, and as a result there are a lot more out there, but there's still a tremendous amount of opportunity in that chunk of providers. So our integration team is pretty optimistic that we're going to hit our run rate. It's probably going to move somewhat into the first quarter of next year. We hope to hit it really kind of Jan 1. I think it's probably going to move to February, but we'll have a lot of it going into January 1. So from that perspective, it's been a pretty good quarter for us.
Steven C. Preston: Why don't I jump in. We've got a number of kind of chunks in this, if you want to call it that. If you remember, with the elimination of bonus depreciation or 100% bonus depreciation coming into this year, we've got a fairly significant increase in the amount of taxes, cash taxes we pay this year relative to last year. And that's a fairly significant item. And then the other issue, as David mentioned, we are trending somewhat higher on CapEx. Some of that is going to higher fleet purchases, as well as some investment to the growth assets, which are being offset in large part with the divestitures. So it's really, Michael, it's mostly around trying to predict those moving pieces which are fairly chunky and really not having to do with the underlying kind of cash generation of building the business.
Steven C. Preston: Well, if you look at the table on Page 9, the CapEx guidance is $1.450 billion to $1.6 billion and I think that's up slightly from last quarter. Last quarter I think we were out there with $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. That's part of the bridge that we were kind of working through with Michael.
