David Steiner: No. Really, the prices haven't come off the bottom. I mean, as -- to the extent they've come off the bottom, it's been very marginal. So we're still relatively close to sort of breakeven when it comes to processing costs versus commodity sales. So no. The -- in fact, if anything, I think the discussions have become more pronounced with the customers. And I think more and more -- as you see more folks like you all in the financial community and more folks in the general press understanding the issues facing recycling, I would say those issues are more and more coming to the front rather than going back. 
David Steiner: Yes. What we're trying to do, in order to give you all a little bit even more clarity is to separate it between what we're calling sort of our core solid waste volumes and then overall volumes. And so when we look at it, we look at those core solid waste volumes, which were negative 0.6% in the quarter. And we would expect that to improve in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter so that -- look, we aren't going to try to predict a turn to positive volumes. We said this year that we didn't think volumes were going to get positive. But I would expect us by the end of the year to be at a run rate where we're actually flat to positive on volumes. 
David Steiner: Yes. Well, we're earnings positive, actually, at current prices, just slightly EBIT positive and certainly positive from an EBITDA point of view. So we didn't lose money in recycling in the quarter. We just did $0.02 worse than we did last year. So it's the year-over-year comparison. So we are slightly EBIT positive, but certainly not EBIT positive enough to earn our return on capital, to earn our weighted average cost of capital. So that's why we've got to get those earnings up. 
David Steiner: Yes. When you look at yield versus core price, it's why, quite a while ago, we started talking more about core price. Because really, core price is what drives dollars to the bottom line. When you look at yield, there's a lot of different factors that can play into that. I'll let Jim talk about a few of the ways that yield can -- I guess though, the point is that yield is indicative of pricing, but it's really sort of directional, whereas core price is truly indicative of what's going on in our pricing programs. But I'll let Jim talk a little bit about the difference between yield and core price. 
David Steiner: Yes. You can imagine, just to sort of put some color around what Jim Trevathan is saying, you can imagine that, right now, there's a lot of growth in Texas and Texas has lower landfill rates than you have in the Northeast. And hence, you've got a little bit lower pricing, but you also have very high profitability. So it's not a profitability issue. It's just the fact that you -- because you have lower landfill pricing in Texas than you do in the Northeast, you'll have lower unit costs and unit pricing for when you offer new services. And so as you've seen more growth in places like Texas, where it's very profitable but it's just a lower unit rate versus the Northeast, that's what drives sort of those mix issues. And so when we look at that, we say, "Okay, the yield is down, but profitability is up." That's not such a bad thing, and that's why we say, really, what you have to look at is, overall, across our entire business, what are we doing from a price increase point of view? Because price increases takes mix out of the mix, and so core price is really the true indication of what we're doing. And as you saw with core price at 8.6% industrial and 5.8% in commercial, it's still running at a pretty hefty rate. 
David Steiner: Yes. When we're looking at companies, they're all going to be solid waste. We really wouldn't look to stretch outside of sort of our core business when we're doing acquisition. The acquisition -- you always think that you're going to have to have this money to spend, there's plenty of people out there to sell and it should be fairly easy to replace the EBITDA. And then once you get into the market, you realize that there's 100 different issues that affect sellers, right? Sometimes they're family businesses, and it's hard to get the family over. Sometimes there's a higher expectation for pricing. And so when we went into the -- into it, we said, "Look, if we can replace the Wheelabrator EBITDA at good accretive multiples, we'll do it." The good news for us is, if we can't, we can still buy back stock and it would still be accretive to where we were with Wheelabrator. So we're sort of in a win-win situation. And rather than run out and, sort of in an undisciplined manner, just pay whatever we needed to pay to replace the Wheelabrator EBITDA, we decided to take a little bit more of a disciplined approach, focus on our core solid waste business and see if we can't go out and do deals that are nicely accretive to -- for our shareholders. And so would we like to -- would we prefer to buy businesses that replace the EBITDA rather than buying back shares? Sure we would, because that's a little bit more accretive for our shareholders. But we've got to maintain our discipline on pricing, and we've got to realize that sometimes these acquisitions have to brew for a little while before they're ready and sellers have to come around to the fact that they're ready to sell. And so we certainly think that, over time, we will replace that roughly $200 million of EBITDA from Wheelabrator. It's just not going to happen overnight. 
David Steiner: Yes. It's really coming sort of across-the-board, right? I mean, on the volume side, although the actual percentage declined and the volumes isn't as good as we thought it would be, frankly, the flow-through that we're getting from the new volumes is better than we thought it would be. And so the point is that we're getting the right volumes. We've consistently hit or beat our targets on our SG&A numbers and on our operating costs. And so really, it's -- what I've said is that everything that we've got going on from an operational point of view seems to be working, other than recycling. And then obviously, we've got the interest savings and the share count going down from the share buyback, and that's benefiting the year. And so when we look at our business, we'd say everything is sort of clicking on all cylinders other than recycling. And so, what is it that we can do to fix recycling? That's -- like we say, that's a long-term issue, but we're making good progress on it. 
David Steiner: Yes. What we are looking at the back half of the year is most certainly solid waste assets. When you look at things like energy services, we're going to be a player anytime one of those transactions becomes available. We think long term, that's a good space to be. Clearly, short term, it has some challenges. And so you've got to look at it from a long-term valuation point of view, recognizing that short-term valuation is -- might not be what the sellers are trying to sell it on. So we'll play in every one of those bids, but we're not going to -- look, everybody wants to get paid based on when things were blowing and going. They say, "Well, this is just a short downturn." Well, you know, we're not going to make that assumption. When we look at it, we're going to make an assumption on where we think the business is going to go over the next 5 to 10 years, and we're going to value it accordingly. So we haven't bought anything new in the oilfield service space because seller expectations on price haven't come down as much as our view of value. So I would expect that if you look at what we're going to buy over the next year, it will be focused primarily on solid waste. 
David Steiner: Yes. I mean, look, we've always said that, for us, it's pretty simple on the solid waste side. If you assume that our long-term multiple is somewhere around 8x, right? It's been higher than that; it's been lower than that. But let's call our sort of long-term view of our multiple at 8x to 9x EBITDA. Why would I pay someone more than 8x EBITDA when I can buy a business I know real well, our own business, at 8x EBITDA? And so -- look, we have lost a lot of deals right out of the chute because sellers are expecting 10x to 12x EBITDA, and that's just a number that doesn't work with our model. And so could we buy more businesses? Absolutely, but we'd be buying those businesses at very high multiples, which obviously reduces the benefit to our shareholders. And so we'll continue to look for those deals that we can buy pre-synergies at 8x or less and then post-synergies, hopefully, at sort of, as we've always said, 5.5x to 6x EBITDA. If we can do that, we're pretty much guaranteed that, come hell or high water, it's going to be accretive to our shareholders. 
David Steiner: Yes. Well, the $50 million to $75 million that we're talking about is comprised of one larger transaction that would generate the bulk of that and then, obviously, some smaller bolt-on. 
David Steiner: Yes, it was specific to solid waste. But let me put some sort of color around where we see the volumes going for the back half of the year. So let's start out with our industrial volumes. Our industrial volumes were flat for the quarter, and the only reason they were flat is because energy services obviously is down. So when you look at the rest of the business, industrial is actually positive. So when you look at what we would look at before we got into the energy services business as sort of our core solid waste business, industrial volumes are actually positive, and we don't see anything on the horizon that would stop that momentum. And so even with energy services down, they're flat. So we'd expect those volumes to turn positive in the third or fourth quarter. Looking at the commercial volumes for the quarter, they were down 2.2%; now that's a 60 basis point improvement from the first quarter. We would sort of expect that rate of improvement to continue. And so if you see that rate of continuing -- rate of improvement continue, by the back half of the year, you're sort of at that negative -- call it, negative 1% on commercial volumes. Residential volumes were down, let's call it down 3%, 3.1%. But we don't really honestly even look at residential volumes, because when we're losing those volumes, they're generally low profit, very low-margin volumes. And so we're not that concerned about losing those volumes. And then the landfill continues to be very strong. So when I look at volumes for the back half of the year, I look at volumes -- I'm looking at the volumes that make us money, right? And when you look at the volumes that make us money, it's industrial, commercial, landfill. Industrial is going to be positive, landfill is going to continue to be positive and commercial is going to get better. And so when I look at that, when I look at those 3 components of the volume, I say, "Look, the rest is all just noise." As Jim talked about, when you're getting -- when you're passing through transportation to your customer and you charge your customer $100 for transportation, they pay you $100 and it costs you $100, you make no margin on it, I don't care if I have that kind of revenue or not. And so when I look at the revenues that actually make us money, we see some really good trends, and we expect those to continue in the back half of the year. 
David Steiner: We haven't made a final call on that. But we did an accelerated share repurchase in the first quarter, and I wouldn't be surprised if we did one in the second. 
David Steiner: I think that's a great point. And where we are right now is, we're still sort of in the -- what I'd call the final stages of replacing that Wheelabrator EBITDA. I will tell you that, as Jim pointed out, we've basically replaced it through operations. That obviously takes a lot of pressure off of our need to do acquisitions. But we want to see what we can get put together in the back half of the year from an acquisition point of view so that then we can make that long-term call on where we are in share repurchases. So Al, I would expect that when we give guidance for 2016, we'll be able to say, "Okay, here's what our expectations are for acquisitions, and here's what our expectations are for long-term share repurchases and an approach to the dividend." And so I would say that in 2000 -- at the beginning of 2016, after we've sort of went through the market and determined what we can buy and what we can't buy, that we would be able to give you a more long-term view of share repurchases. 
David Steiner: I'm not sure that I'm asking for an extension. But I am saying that -- yes, like I said earlier, you go into this process thinking, "Well, this is going to be simple. There's a bunch of sellers that want to sell, and we're a buyer and this should line up fairly easily." And at the beginning of the year, it absolutely lined up easily. Jim talked about a transaction, and if we had done the transaction Jim was talking about, we pretty much be -- have replaced the Wheelabrator EBITDA and we'd be moving on and telling you what our long-term share repurchases are. It's only been in the last month where that -- the risk of HSR was too much for the seller to take on, and so we pushed that aside. And so I'm not looking for an extension. I'm just saying that it's a fluid process. It's not a onetime event. And it didn't play out as fast as we would've liked it to play out. And so the back half of the year is going to continue to be a little bit more fluid, and then we can get more certainty going in 2016. 
David Steiner: Yes, absolutely. Well, look, you're talking at a person that put $2 million of his own dollars into the stock. So I certainly thought it was attractive. 
David Steiner: And when we talk about CPI, CPI is not -- there is not one CPI. There's a lot of different CPIs and different contracts. What we've been trying to move toward is more of a industry-specific CPI, what we call the Refuse Rate Index. So that as our costs go up -- when CPI is 1% and you're giving people 3% pay raises, CPI just doesn't cover your costs. And so what we've been trying to do in our contracts is look at different types of indexes that more reflect the true costs in our business and try to get those true costs. And so I think as an industry, we could probably do a better job of making sure that we don't get linked to some arbitrary type of CPI, that we get linked to something specific to our industry. And so, when we talk about 40% of our business, a lot of that business -- or some of that business is tied to what we call this Refuse Rate Index, and we hope to move that percentage up. 
David Steiner: And typically, Tyler, where we've seen more success in this is in the franchise markets in California. And we've had a couple of big franchise agreements that we've moved to Refuse Rate Indexes. 
David Steiner: It's been strong now for 2.5 years. And it's probably mostly tied to when we bought the Oakleaf business, and we retained that broker model. And we went out to the folks that brokered the collection business for us and said, "Look, we want you to keep that collection business. You're making good money on it. We want to keep it. But in return, we want you to bring those volumes to our landfill." And that was very successful, and that's when we saw the rates go up. And then -- look, over the last couple of years, I think we've also seen -- as an industry, we've seen MSW grow. So I think the specific actions that we took with respect to our brokers and then the general economy have both been good drivers of MSW. 
David Steiner: Yes. And again, look, we don't want to declare that the good times are here. But you all have heard me say over the last couple of years that we have fits and starts in the various statistics, and we still haven't seen a very clear-cut trend until last quarter. And that trend continued into this quarter. So when you look at -- this really is the first quarter where all of the indicators are positive. And again, that doesn't mean we're going to go from a negative 2.2% to a positive 5%, but we don't have to, right, in order to try to make our numbers in the back half of the year. We just want to see continuous improvement. And so weights are up, service increases over decreases are up, the churn rate's down. On the industrial side, we've had really strong new business pricing. So this is really the first quarter where I would say all the indicators are positive. Now look, we all know that can change on a dime. But right now, I'm more optimistic about volumes than I've been over the last 5 years. 
David Steiner: Yes. Look, just the simple math. You've all have heard us say it a million times that you need to get 3% volume in order to make up for 1% price. I mean, that's just simple math. And you can't get 3% volume by giving away 1% price. So the weighting of where you want to focus will always be on price. What we want to do -- and by the way, if we, as the largest player in the industry, switch and go after volume, what do you think the industry's going to do? I mean, look, we're the largest player, and we recognize the position that we're in. So what we want to do is make sure that we get our fair share of the growth and that we grow the right volumes in the right places. And so I don't think -- when you talk to industry participants, I don't think you'll ever hear anyone say, "Well, Waste Management's doing a volume grab in market X or market Y." Do we have individual contracts that we've done where we've gone after volume that I wasn't particularly happy with it on a national account side or somewhere like that? Yes, we've done that in the past. But it is -- that's certainly not a pattern that you will see out of Waste Management. And so we're always going to favor price over volume. But in a growing market, we ought to get our fair share of the volume too, because we can get our fair share of the volume and that won't have an effect on the overall industry pricing dynamic. And so -- look, it's pretty simple economics. In a better economy, we think we can get both price and volume. 
David Steiner: And by the way, Michael, just to expound on that, so -- it shouldn't be lost that we improved the churn rate 190 basis points, but we didn't materially increase the rollbacks, right? I mean, in the past, what we've seen is that we've been -- one of the ways we improve the churn rate is we -- our rollback percentage goes from 25% to 60%. This quarter, we reduced the churn rate by 190 basis points with a virtually nonexistent change in our rollback percentage. 
David Steiner: Yes. The special waste was 2.4%, as I recall. Let me -- just looking at the volume, it was 2.4% for special waste. And then -- but when we look at it, we sort of look at special waste, C&D and revenue-generating cover. When you look at special waste, it was 2.4%. But revenue-generating cover, which is essentially special waste, was above 10%. 
David Steiner: Yes. We actually had that discussion with our folks out in the markets. And you obviously had some wet down here in the Texas area. You had it up in the upper Midwest. I think what our folks would say is the pipeline looks pretty strong. We don't expect special waste to slow down in the back half of the year. So I think they're pretty optimistic about it. 
David Steiner: Yes -- no. Absolutely, we would. And we consider those sort of core solid waste-type businesses. Those are areas where we can apply our expertise very easily. What we aren't going to do is what I led 5 years ago, which is, get into some other types of businesses that -- where we can't take our solid waste expertise and apply them very easily. 
David Steiner: And Michael, you and Jim are talking the same number. The only difference is the divestiture piece basically. And I think that's the whole point, Michael, is that it's the divestitures and the CapEx that can move around a little bit. So when you look at the sort of the long-term history of what we've done, both on CapEx and on divestitures, you sort of get to that $1.35 billion number. 
David Steiner: We'll get into that. I mean, I don't want to try to parse it to the penny, because frankly, we haven't done that. We'll certainly do that next year when we give 2016 guidance. So that's probably a better time to try to parse it down to the penny. 
David Steiner: Yes. So I don't think the bundling of recycling with residential slows down. In fact, frankly, it's more of an opportunity to bundle it, because given the asset mix that we have, we're one of the few companies that can actually make money on recycling. So it probably gives us a little bit of a competitive advantage as far as bunding recycling with that -- with the -- with residential services. But when we look at the residential line of business, we start out with, let's keep the contracts that we have at current rates or higher rates. And keeping the contract that you have is all about service, right? Most municipalities, if they've had your service for a long time and they're happy with it, the citizens aren't looking for a change just to save a little bit of money. And so the first part of our residential strategy is keep the contracts that we have at the same or higher rates, and we've got a very high success rate of doing that. And then the second piece is, find out where we can be competitive advanced -- competitively advantaged. So if it's in a market where we have recycling capability and no one else does, can we bundle it with recycling capability?  If it's in a market where we have different types of disposal assets and different green initiatives that we can bring to the table and that's what the customer wants, that's how we'll differentiate ourselves. And so for us, it's a 2-part strategy. It's, make sure you keep your current contracts, and that's by providing spectacular service. And then it's, find out where we can win bids that aren't based solely on price. Because if they're based solely on price, we aren't going to win. And so let's find those markets where service, recycling, green initiatives, make a difference, and let's go in and win those bids. 
David Steiner: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us. We've had a strong start to the year. We expect to finish the year strong, and we'll see you next quarter. Thanks again. 
James Fish: Corey, when you look at the way that average weighted commodity price, it was about $83 in Q1 and $83 in Q2. So really, the improvement we're seeing is through our cost efforts on cost of goods sold and operating cost. 
James Fish: Yes. So that's right. $210 million was kind of the early payments in the Q4 of last year. So we kind of backed out $216 million to get to a number where we think that's for the year.  And particularly, by the way, when you look at cash from operations and free cash flow, both of those, if you normalize those for those taxes and if you normalize free cash flow for CapEx, we're in a position where we've actually overcome the WTI divestiture, which is pretty amazing in and of itself. For the remainder of year, if you tack on what we think was -- is achievable, which was the last year -- or last year's cash flow from operations, and essentially, that's what we did for the first 2 quarters; if you tack that on, and that's what we're forecasting, then you get to a number that's in that $1.5 billion range for free cash flow. 
James Fish: So if I -- yes, if I take our guidance for this year of $1.5 billion and I normalize that for the cash tax benefits and CapEx a little bit -- it's hard to say exactly what CapEx is going to be next year -- I get to a pretty good starting point of about $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion. Not that we're going to give you a lot of guidance for -- just yet, but... 
James Fish: Yes. I think probably a good example of that is our energy services business. Typically, that business has a longer -- quite a bit longer length of haul than our ordinary business. So due to that longer length of haul, that business has a higher unit price and a higher yield, but not a higher core price or profitability per unit. So as the energy services business has slowed due to the fall in oil prices, we've seen a decline in yield but not a decline in core price or unit profit. 
James Fish: And Joe, as I said earlier to Corey's question, I mean, we've kind of afforded ourselves the luxury of really being disciplined here, because we really have -- if you look at our second quarter, you look at our net cash from operating activities and you back out the cash tax benefit, we're $45 million in second quarter of last year, and that quarter includes all the divested businesses. So in -- on a net cash from operating activities line and on the free cash flow line as well, if you -- you got to normalize the free cash flow for CapEx. But on both those lines, we have essentially replaced Wheelabrator and Puerto Rico and the Maritimes. And really, the only acquisition we've done is Deffenbaugh, and we've had it in the company for a quarter now. So what we'll do in terms of capital allocation is continue to opportunistically buy back shares, which we're doing here -- which we did in Q2 and, again, in Q3 and look to use those proceeds to buy companies at attractive prices. 
James Fish: For the remainder of the year, I would assume that, that will be a 35%, and that's what we baked into the guide. 
James Fish: Scott, and I think the -- kind of the opportunity landscape here in terms of what sellers are looking for is pretty broad. I mean, there are some folks that are looking for -- and, in some cases, getting -- 12x to 15x. We're not in -- we're not talking to those folks. But there are folks that are much more reasonable, and obviously, Deffenbaugh was one that we felt we got at a very attractive multiple. And so we'll continue to talk to companies like Deffenbaugh. 
James Fish: And that second goal line, Al, is -- that's not an easy one to get over. We had a deal recently where we had agreed -- we'd crossed the first goal line -- we had agreed on purchase price months ago, but the HSR process was daunting enough for these folks that they just decided, "For now, we're going to back away." So we both agreed to a -- what we both agreed was a reasonable purchase price. But we just felt like that second goal line was not going to be achievable, at least in the near term. So we decided to part ways for now. 
James Fish: Al, I'll add one thing to that, which is recycle volumes. I'll give you an example. We have a plant that's -- a big plant that essentially cut their volumes in half. And by doing that, they improved the quality of the material coming in. They went from, call it, $0.5 million a month loss to breakeven by doing that. So that's similar to the resi volumes. And that's yes, we lost volume on the recycling line of business, but not a bad thing for us on the income statement. 
James Fish: It does not. So there's -- that is just growth on top of it. So that -- what I'm talking about with $1.35 billion is really normalizing. And by the way, what we'll do is -- I didn't want to give 2016 guidance, so I kind of gave you a nice starting point there, about $1.35 billion to $1.4 billion. 
James Fish: Well, to answer your first question, Tyler, it's about 40% of our businesses is driven by CPI. I wouldn't say it's a back-half issue, because I think it's pretty evenly spread. It's kind of a midyear and then an end-of-the-year adjustment. So it's pretty evenly spread for us. And what we've always said about CPI is, to the extent that it hurts us, we'll make it up elsewhere with open market. 
James Fish: I tell you, Tyler, the encouraging part about it's not only the volume piece there but really the price piece, if you look at unit rates at our landfills, I was looking at it last night, over the last 5 years, I mean, we've really increased unit rates at our landfills by waste stream, whether it's MSW or C&D or special waste. So we've -- I was kind of thinking along the same lines as you. Does this volume mean that we're seeing a deterioration in price as I think about it by -- in unit rates? And it's not. I mean, it's, since 2011, nice increases and it's every year, nice increases for MSW, special waste, C&D. 
James Fish: And Michael, I want to really reemphasize something here that -- and that is that because this industry -- you've been around a long time. The industry has a history of either being one or the other. You're either price or you're volume, and there's nothing in the middle. And so while we're seeing some nice momentum here on the price side, David went through it in detail a few minutes ago, we are not conceding our strong approach on pricing. I mean -- and that's why we want to make sure we gave that explanation of yield versus core price that Jim and I walked through, because we are as strong as we have ever been on pricing. We're just starting to see it. Maybe it's the economy. But we're starting to see that our volumes are looking promising. It's early in the third quarter, but July looks promising as well. 
James Fish: Jim, I was just going to say that. Michael, when you talk about going from about 100 miles to 80 miles an hour on pricing, look, we've had a lot of discussion recently, to Jim's point, about a differentiated strategy. I mean, you can still go 100 miles an hour on pricing if you're differentiated. I mean, if your strategy is differentiation with things like the industrial business, where we provide expertise and -- that others don't have and the size of our balance sheet, things like that, or whether it's bringing technology to bear or, to Jim's point, improving customer service, all of those enable you to keep your foot on the price accelerator. 
James Fish: DSO and DPO, yes, we've made some nice progress there over the last 2.5 years. We've made a nice progress sequentially and year-over-year. We -- year-over-year and sequentially, from Q1, we've improved DPO by about a little bit less than 3 days, DSO by a little less than one day. When I look at it over kind of the time period that we've really started working on this and I -- over maybe a 2.5-year period, we've really improved the combination of the 2 by 9 days. It's not totally out of the realm of possibility that we couldn't crossover at some point down the road. We're still a ways away from that. Some of our areas have started to cross over where their DPO is higher than their DSO. But yes, I mean, I'm pleased with the progress, but won't be completely pleased until we cross over like most companies are. 
James Fish: Part of it, Michael, is you pull out $100 million in acquisitions. But -- I mean, in dispositions. But we do dispositions every year. And so we sort of always assume that we're going to do, call it, $50 million to $100 million of asset dispositions. And so that -- I'm not sure that you pull out that full $100 million. 
James Fish: I'm trying to also kind of normalize CapEx. I don't know what my CapEx is going to be next year, but 2014 CapEx was $1.150 billion. 2015 CapEx is going to be $1.3 billion. So on -- by the way, on a smaller business, at this point, I mean, we don't have Wheelabrator, we don't have Puerto Rico, we don't have maritime. So I'm kind of -- I'm adding back a bit there in CapEx, too. But it's hard to say what are -- we know we're going to have some CapEx next year for Oakland. We had some this year for Oakland. So it's not going to be $1.150 billion again, but it may not be $1.3 billion either. 
James Fish: And Michael, the -- your question about share count. I mean, the difference between your 451 million or 452 million and my 457 million is just the effect of using weighted average common shares outstanding, and that's -- that has to do with the midyear share repurchase. 
James Fish: I think there are are several things.  I mean, we almost look at it by line of business. Because what differentiates you in the industrial line of business is different than what differentiates you in the residential line of business. So as we -- and in fact, we're in the process of going through a strategy preparation to present to the board here in August, and we're focusing specifically on differentiation in one case and it is by line of business. So maybe we bring different technology to the table, maybe -- certainly, operating efficiency because so much of the residential business is driven by price, that you've got to be as efficient, from an operating standpoint, as you can in residential. 
James Trevathan: Dave and Jim, you also mentioned that we improved in the new business side on a net basis when we add new business in markets that have a lower average unit rate -- not a lower profitability measurement, not a lower margin, but a lower average unit rate, and that's what happened in Q2 -- and/or we lose business in markets with higher or lower average unit rates, that affects yield, and that's what happened in Q2. But it has no impact on margin or core price. 
James Trevathan: Joe, I'll address the bid that's out now, the RFP that's out. We have provided a proposal for that volume. We are on the short list, along with Progressive. It appears the city has begun discussions with Progressive, and we're awaiting what the next steps are. Progressive, as you remember, was the incumbent for that volume, and what happens to it, I guess, will occur over the third and fourth quarter. We still have the transfer stations in place, receiving volume from the New York -- from New York City, a couple of those big transfers, Joe, and nothing has changed with regard to that volume. 
James Trevathan: And David, we've had some success in doing that in the first half of this year in some renewals, where we moved to more of a Refuse Index rather than just CPI. So there's some positive trends occurring. 
James Trevathan: Yes. It's probably in the 10%, 15% of that 40%, and that's -- maybe it's 20%; I don't have the numbers in front of me. Within that range. 
James Trevathan: Tyler, I was trying to break out, at the lower end, we've done in the first half, we -- the Oakland contract is an example of what we did last year that's going into effect this year that's on that same basis. 
James Trevathan: And I might add to that, that we've also, because of our price leadership strategy, have begun efforts to improve our service. We realize that there are some improvements that need to be made to make sure we're providing that service that's worthy of our price leadership position, and we're doing a better job of that. You see it in the churn rate. We see it in metrics. We're not done with it, but we have progress in that regard. 
James Trevathan: It was -- it's not where we want it to be. But 10.3% is a whole lot better than 12.2% that was -- that it -- that Q2 of '14. So absolutely, we see improvement and we expect more. 
Al Kaschalk: Okay. David, I want to push back on the volume comments here. The stock got absolutely crushed after Q1, and the number that you put up, I don't know if it was 2.6% or 2.8%, but pardon me for not recalling that. And you had articulated, as a company, getting towards that 50 basis points down to flat, exiting -- I believe, exiting '15. 
Al Kaschalk: To that end, David, why quantify a certain one quarter out of share repurchase program target versus -- you're in it for the long haul here, but -- and then as well as shareholders are, to just not maybe specifically allocate capital to those markets so that you can give yourselves some flexibility to execute on M&A? Maybe the stock gets hit, maybe it doesn't. 
Al Kaschalk: But to be fair, David, I think what you said earlier this year that by the end of Q2, you would kind of know -- I guess you're asking for an extension, from the outsiders looking in. Because I think you said earlier this year that by the end of Q2, you'd have an idea what the M&A would look like to execute here. 
Al Kaschalk: Yes. But I guess you were playing a little analyst earlier in terms of 8x, 9x on what you're trading at. And if you're down now with the stock price where it's at, at the level, it sure would seem to make a lot more sense to buy back stock than to chase M&A. But I certainly understand the need to grow back the EBITDA level, but I think I'm looking at what the realization is on asset valuations out there. It looks pretty attractive at 8x here. 
Michael Hoffman: Right, right. So you're benefiting from what the industry is benefiting, because we've had -- you and I interfacing with the economy outside of work, outside of home is driving more volume in the container. 
Michael Hoffman: Okay. So but to Jim T's. comment, then the churn rate must be coming down, if the service relationship is getting better. 
Michael Hoffman: Okay. So we've known each other too long because you just anticipated my next question. So that was -- you're retaining more price, too, then. Is that... 
Michael Hoffman: Well -- and I guess where I was going, it was wet in a lot of places in the country, and special waste is predominantly dirt. So there's a good chance that we could see a special waste number that's much bigger in 3Q because you just couldn't get heavy equipment in to move the dirt around. 
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then on the deal commentary. Just to be clear. I get these are -- the ones you've got targeted are solid waste, but that doesn't preclude you -- you made a comment earlier, David, that I want to do is make sure I understand. You would buy hazardous waste business or an energy waste business under the right circumstances. That's just not what you're targeting at the moment. 
Michael Hoffman: Well, you have asset sales, so I can't predict that number, right? Because I can't write a chart between 1 -- $50 million and $100 million. So if I say it right, with the business generating in its own cash $1.5 billion less $100 million for assets, $200 million for cash taxes puts it at $1.2 billion. $1.2 billion goes to $1.35 billion, that's a $150 million year-over-year improvement and there's no deals in that. I'm just trying to understand... 
Michael Hoffman: Okay, yes. What I was really trying to understand is what made up the $150 million. And so some of it is CapEx. How much then is organic versus the optimization programs you've initiated over the last couple of years? That's -- how would you... 
