Devina Rankin: Yes, that's correct. So the $120 million that we have reduced our 2020 cash outlay will repay all – we'll have a full year in the year ahead for normal course of business and then 50% of this year's outlay.
Devina Rankin: Sure. Well, I think what John just mentioned should give everyone confidence that the 28.5% year-to-date EBITDA margin that we have produced through really tough circumstances, this isn't kind of indication of what we can achieve, it's an indication of what's yet to come in terms of additional incremental value that can be created from here, while we look at EBITDA margin for the year, there are always puts and takes. I think what's important to know is that in the current year, we look at those puts and takes and say sure, it’s something like health and welfare expenses that were lower and the second quarter may work against us in the year ahead. But what's more important is that the operating performance and the ability to lever down on discretionary spending. Those things are indicative of long-term value creation on the margin front, and those will far outpace that health and welfare headwinds that we have in 2021.
Devina Rankin: I'll speak quickly to the tax impacts. When we look at Biden win the thing that is most apparent there is federal tax rates could increase from 21% currently to 28%. That's about a 6.5% increase in our effective tax rate based on our current modeling. And that would be about $150 million increase in the provision and about $125 million in cash taxes. Really hard to predict further than that, we know that bonus appreciation is something that seems to have bipartisan support. And so therefore, we expect a 100% expensing to continue through 2022 and then the phase out to continue thereafter. Aside from that, I'll let Jim speak to the impacts to the rest of the business.
Devina Rankin: Yes, Hamzah. I would say we absolutely expect the acquisition to be free cash flow accretive in the year ahead. The free cash flow impacts to the fourth quarter, we're expecting that to be more like a push even potentially a little bit on the downside, because of some of the cost to achieve and starting to make investments on the capital investment side as we integrate some of our sites. So I would say fourth quarter impacts is either flat to down on the free cash flow front. And then we really start to see the benefits of full run rate of the ADS EBITDA combined with early indications of our synergy capture and a lower capital cost as well, as we refinance the required indebtedness.
Devina Rankin: I think it's equally important to think about how we responded with our employees. And it goes without saying that when you look at turnover, as well as employee morale and safety results, that our response on the employee front we think was exactly what it needed to be and we would repeat those steps. Some of the costs though that we incurred, particularly for the back office, as we moved folks into work from home mode, those were one-time and we wouldn't look to see those repeat.
Devina Rankin: Sure. So I'll start with just where we were from a leverage perspective immediately following the close. And that's about 3.15 times, including pro forma EBITDA. So it really does speak to the solid financial position of Waste Management. And so when we look at that number, we think that both when you combine synergy capture, as well as growth in both businesses will be quickly to our targeted leverage ratios over the course of 2021. As it relates to ADS’ debt that was immediately repaid upon close and simply by taking that indebtedness and replacing it with WM’s debt. We see an immediate synergy value from that in the ballpark of $40 million on a gross basis, so after tax, clearly a lower number than that. That is not something that was specifically contemplated in the $100 million of synergies. That relates to operating performance and SG&A rationalization. And we'll be executing upon those strategies over the course of the next year.
Devina Rankin: As I just mentioned, when we look at 2021 and see a clear path to leverage in our targeted range of 2.5 to 3 times, we're really optimistic that we'll be able to resume share repurchases at some point in 2021. We always revisit our capital allocation plans in the fourth quarter. And we'll do that again this year with expectations for clarity on the dividend in the extent of 2021 share buyback at that time. But we will remain focused on balanced allocation to a combination of the M&A and share buyback with excess free cash flow.
Devina Rankin: I'll just quickly speak to and the impact of CPI, which is usually one of those pieces that can have some pressure. And that's about 35% to 40% of the revenue line. And so that is a place where we have our eye on, what we're going to do in pricing execution over the course of 2021 to overcome what may be mild pressure on that side.
Devina Rankin: So the rollover is an interesting question, two months, we're looking at about $275 million of revenue on a gross basis; on a divested basis, we're in the ballpark of $225 million, but it's really hard for us to know for sure. On a rollover basis, you would just extend that off of the 10 months, but we're not yet speaking to expectations for yield and volume for their business because we're still in the planning processes.
Devina Rankin: Yes. But we have yet to assess the intercompany impacts. So if you think about the integration of the sites that are in markets, where we will now take ADS volume into a Waste Management landfill, we don't know those impacts to the net revenue of the business.
Devina Rankin: So we have – today that number is in the ballpark of $25 million, I believe. And we are on pace, the reason the number is lower than we had initially expected. It's not because we slowed anything down, it's actually, because we saw some ability to reduce our costs with T&E on the third-party support that we had. And so we have a lower cost in the current year. We do, at this point, expect to spend more in the coming year on acceleration of our work efforts both on the HR side and the finance side.
Devina Rankin: When we looked at it, the cash flow from ops pieces, I would say, you kind of split it down the middle. You've got lift in operating EBITDA above expected levels, and that's both on the revenue side and the margin side. And then the remainder of it has to do with the cash collections taking hold that I mentioned earlier, we had projected an $80 million to $100 million headwind from DSO in the year. And we now have worked pretty hard to offset almost all of that. Though, at this point, we're projecting that we get that to a moderated level of say a headwind of $20 million to $40 million.
Devina Rankin: That's right. I think that when we look at the incremental margin of the business, while the traditional returns from a margin perspective on LOB perspective are important, but what's equally important is our ability to get leverage on the cost side. And what you've seen strong execution on in 2020 is that getting the most expensive work hour out of the day and getting the most expensive mile off the road. And so both on the labor and maintenance front, we've seen really strong leverage. And that really does benefit us both on collection and disposal. John mentioned in his prepared remarks, disposal overtime hours being down, approaching 30%, so really strong results on the cost side, give us really a lot of confidence that we're going to have better incremental margins on the volume returns.
Devina Rankin: I'll speak to the first part. So our annual PIs for that part of our business are typically in July and October. And so really wasn't much of an impact in 2020, in terms of our deferred price increases because we defer those beginning in April and continued that through June. So our PI activity was normal course of business, beginning in July with the exception of the items that Jim mentioned. So when we think about the year ahead, that's when you can start to see those pressures take hold, and then with that, I'll turn the rest over to John.
Devina Rankin: So with respect to whether or not you'll see a full set of ADS financials for the third quarter, the quick answer to that is no. What I would say is that when we give guidance in 2021 related to the combined business, we'll give a lot of transparency and color about the pieces of the puzzle that get to the combined outlook.
Devina Rankin: I think the additional leverage that you see is the continued execution on optimal work week, continued execution on maintenance, service delivery optimization, and then the cost reductions that we should get in the overall structure, whether it be back office or front-line, as a result of the technology investments that we're making taking hold. Now, Jim spoke fully to the fact that those will take some time, but we do expect to see those begin to take hold in 2021. And there's additional leverage from all of those initiatives combined.
Devina Rankin: Yes. No, just to clarify, if I misspoke, the $40 million is incremental to the $100 million. The $100 million is from operating and SG&A as well as CapEx execution.
John Morris: No, I think Tyler, I mean, listen, we’re very pleased with what the teams have been able to do to control cost and a lot of that's been done through efficiency over time, better maintenance and repair results, et cetera. So we've taken full advantage of it, but that's not to suggest that we don't have some more opportunity within the operating expense categories.
John Morris: I think the second part of the question with regard to ADS, we've obviously had a good bit of time to study their capital structure in the business. And the short answer is we don't see that as a capital drag. They've been very deliberate and intentional on how they've capitalized the business and we feel comfortable that they're in a good spot as we start the integration.
John Morris: Yes. I mean, listen, Kyle, we've been talking about residential loan before COVID and I think if you look at the results that Jim commented on what we've done on the core price and yield side with regard to residential. I think and I said this on the last call that the additional pressure, if you will that the volumes because of people working from home, it does present another challenge and we're having those conversations with municipalities and with the franchises. What I'm really happy about is if you look at even the margins in residential now, even with what's gone on recycling and to some extent what's going on with this pandemic in the additional ways, we're still showing margin progress there. I think the conversation around the pandemic and the weights and whatnot. It seems to have leveled out and as we said kind of the mid-to-high single-digits depending on where you are in the country and that's a conversation we're going to continue to have. And it's a challenging conversation, a lot of these municipalities are facing budget constraints or whatnot, but I would tell you where we're having success is getting the price up, being paid adequately for the service we're providing. But our public sector team has really done a nice job of really partnering with these municipalities and working with them on ways where they can streamline maybe some of the service offerings, still achieve what they need for their residents and still allow us to be compensated at an inappropriate level.
John Morris: No. Kyle, I would tell you we're very happy with where we are on our CNG conversion. We're running right now because we've taken some trucks off the street, we're actually running close to 70% right now of our routed vehicles. And I think part of what you're seeing in our improved maintenance and repair numbers and whatnot is due to us running a younger more efficient fleet, that's the majority of which CNG. I will tell you on the other alternatives, electric vehicles in particular, we've got a number of pilots going on with different vendors. I mean, that's still a developing technology, I think for the heavy duty vehicle class that was really a focus for us, there is still a little bit of wood to chop there. And I think, when we get to the point where it's advanced, we're going to have to be very careful with who we picked in terms of the technology leader.
John Morris: The only thing our used coverage. And the only thing I'd add Walter is, we do have a lot of granular data on the density of volumes we're picking up and how that's been eroded and now come back. And to Jim's point, we're talking about 70% give or take of our C&I business coming back that was eroding yet you still see a very wide gap in the efficiency and the overtime ratio. So we're almost back to kind of a normal traffic pattern in a lot of places, and then some of that friction's return yet the operating folks are doing a great job of hanging on to the savings.
John Morris: Yes, Sean. That’s a good question, a couple of questions in there. One is, if you – obviously, in our prepared remarks, we reiterated again, how confident we feel about exceeding to $100 million synergy target. And that's obviously in a sort of post-COVID environment. I think Richard and the team have done a really nice job in the first half of the year as evidenced by their results and their recovery especially in the geographies that they were in the 16 States that advanced was in. And as Jim mentioned in his comments, we've been comparing those recovery rates and those geographies and the advanced portfolio came back nicely. And as Devina mentioned in her comments the third quarter both companies perform really well. So if you think about – even though we're in a COVID environment, even though the divestitures were higher, we're still very confident in our synergy number as we roll into Q4 and into 2021.
John Morris: So the short answer to the second part is yes. I think what we've talked about as we went through Q2 and into Q3 is that those delivered concessions were going to have an impact, but we thought making a one quarter concession to those customers was the right thing to do. And honestly, from everything we've seen from the feedback from our customers around Net Promoter Score, I commented on. That it's absolutely been the right move. I think what you're seeing from Q2 to Q3, in particular in commercial and industrial where most of those concessions were made, as you saw a nice recovery. We're not all the way back up to where we were, but what we've all said throughout this pandemic when we've been chatting with you folks is that this is not a change in our strategy or our philosophy, but it was a short-term decision made to ease some of the – what was going on with our customer. So I think when you look at the bridge between Q2 and Q3, we'll see continued momentum as we go into the fourth quarter and into next year.
John Morris: Well, clearly originally we talked about it going through 2021 and into 2022, and that was before maybe the delay. So the short answer is we won't get it all in 2021, we feel like we've got great integration plans. The teams hit the ground running on Friday. Things are going exceptionally smooth. I looked at our – talk to our team this morning and customers are getting serviced. So we feel very pleased about where we sit. And I think we're going to make a lot of ground up in 2021. We won't get it all though.
John Morris: So, Michael, I would tell you, listen, the vast majority, you mentioned essential workers. The vast majority of our folks have never gone home. And we have – are certainly following all of the safety protocols as they ebbed and flowed. And I think the proof is, is that when you look at where some of our employees have been affected by and large, it's not been from inside the workplace, it’s been from outside the workplace. So the protocols we've put in place have clearly been helped to prevent any spread within our districts. I would say in terms of fatigue, I certainly think in the beginning, there was a lot more unknown than there is today. I think with all the assistance we've provided to the field, I think the field would tell you now that we're operating a little bit of a new normal, but as evidenced by turnover, Devina mentioned morale operating – I mean, when you look at all of this, it would suggest that our teams continues to perform really well and not really be fatigued if you will. I know it is certainly a stress on everybody, but I think our teams done an excellent job of managing through it. The leadership has done a great job at the field level and here in Houston have managing through it. So I would tell you, it's the new normal for now until we get a solution for this.
John Morris: Yes, Michael, I would say, I think you said it well as we've got some pockets that Jim referenced, lodging, some parts of education, travel, et cetera, restaurants that are still in some form of business slow down, if you will. And I think that's right. I mean, Jim said, what we did in Q2 is not necessarily what we're going to repeat, but I think going forward that is a case-by-case basis on understanding what's going on with each of those customers, no segments and making the appropriate long-term decision.
Jim Fish: It's a good question because, there was – there were a lot of moving parts in the second quarter and we talked about the fact that we were supporting our small business customers in the second quarter, and that would all be reflected in price, whether it was the free month of service or whether it was deferred price increases, all that would show up on the price line. So we knew that Q2 was going to be artificially low, and Q3 had a piece of that in there as well. So we're confident that the pricing will remain a core strength for us in Q4 and beyond, whether it is commercial or roll off or more recently John's focus and our focus as a team on residential pricing and landfill pricing. Those are all going to be strengths of ours. It's a little bit of the last question about margin in addition to cost controls that we're confident in, we're also equally confident in our price capabilities.
Jim Fish: Yes. I would just change one word in Devina’s sentence, if we look at Biden win, we will – regarding environmental regulation, it is interesting for us that – first off, all of our focus is not necessarily on the federal elections, we tend to focus on state elections too, because the state has such an important place, such an important role for us, and that carries over to environmental regulation. But as it relates to the federal elections tomorrow, we've said that regulation is actually in a strange way, a good thing for WM, because we hold ourselves to a very high regulatory standard, environmental standard. And so any additional regulation actually tends to work in our favor. So to the extent that, that comes out of tomorrow's election, that could be a good thing for us.
Jim Fish: I think there is a bit of a lag here, Hamzah. We have accelerated the spend as we mentioned – Devina mentioned and it's impacting SG&A costs. And we felt like this was the right year to do it. This – I think I read somewhere that 77% of companies have done the same thing, have accelerated their digital spend. If – just to kind of put it in – to be specific about what it's impacting though and what it's impacted so far. Things like customer setup is being impacted, routing and dispatch, service confirmation, billing, inquiries, all of those make up the pie of calls, that come into our call centers. And the idea is that we'll give that option at least to our customers to be able to self service. And then behind the scenes there will be a real significant streamlining of really all of those processes. Today there is a lot of steps involved, there is a lot of data entry involved, ideally we get to a point where you greatly reduce the amount of data entry, which reduces the amount of potential for error. And then in turn reduces the confusion, sometimes that results from those errors when a customer calls in. I would tell you that we're – if I use kind of a baseball analogy here, that we're probably in inning three here, as it relates to this full customer service digitalization, and that will take us all the way through 2021 to fully develop. But we are moving quickly on it and we're encouraged by what we're seeing, not just on those process changes, but also on the front-end of that, which is where the customer sees it. As I mentioned in my script, we're seeing – our increases are coming in that e-commerce channel. So we're excited about this, and we think this has the real potential to separate us from the pack even more significantly going forward,
Jim Fish: It's interesting Hamzah, we've – I've read a couple of reports that have talked about volume being different in the urban settings versus rural. I would tell you, this is not an urban versus a rural, the impact of COVID is not been urban versus rural. What it's really been is almost state-by-state and province by province. So the States that seem to be doing the best and are closest to full recovery happened to be those States that opened up most quickly. So those are States like Texas, like Florida, like Arizona, Georgia, those States are doing best when we look at our own data on the States that are lagging are States like Pennsylvania, Michigan, New York, and then provinces like Ontario and Quebec. Those have been most stringent on reopening and are the farthest behind. I would tell you here in Texas, it's full steam ahead, we've been going out to restaurants for a number of months now, at least in our family and we're outs both nights this weekend, and it is full steam ahead here. The businesses that tend to be lagging, the sectors are still hospitality, still sports, entertainment, schools to some degree and then the related small businesses there that touch those sectors. But overall, I would tell you that I think we are seeing a full reopening, I think what we're seeing is that people are just saying they can't be shut down forever, they have to – their businesses, particularly small businesses that is there. That's the way they put food on the table. And so I don't expect those small businesses to continue to be shut down forever. And when will these States fully reopened? I don't know. Some of that depends on the extent of COVID and the pursuit of a vaccine, but if I had to guess, if you pressed me on it, I would say mid-to-late 2021, you'll see most of these States and provinces be reopened.
Jim Fish: Yes. I don't think we would approach things differently. That doesn't mean we're going to come back out with another free month of service for small customers. And to the extent that States lockdown, I mean, there has been a bit of an ebb and flow there with some States. But again the States that have at least from an economic standpoint have done the best in this recovery are those States that have been pretty consistent about staying open and then trying to put protocols in place to protect against spikes in COVID. And those are States like Texas and like Arizona and Florida and Georgia. So I think we would handle it the same way. And – but going forward, I don't anticipate offering another deferral of price increases or another free month of service to small businesses.
Jim Fish: Well, two questions there, and I'm going to let John take the second one about ADS. The first one related to sustainability. It's a fair question. We don't necessarily see any capital creep related to our focus on sustainability. Look, we've been focused on sustainability, it's not something we've been focused on for two quarters, it's something we've been focused on for probably 10 years, but more specifically for the last five years. And we managed through that and to the extent there is any capital needs, it just gets built into our budget.
Jim Fish: We think it will be relatively flat. I think it's such a difficult question, because of how States manage their reaction to somebody spikes in COVID. We're sitting here in Texas and I think Texas, whether you talk about the Mayor here in Houston or the Governor. I think Texas actually – we went through our own spike back in July and part of August, and the State managed its way, the city of Houston managed its way through that quite well. So we didn't re-shut down as we were in April and May, we just put stronger protocols in place and we’re more – we were tougher on those who were offending, but we did not go back and shut down businesses. Now that's not my decision, that's the decision of the Governor of Texas and the Mayors of these cities. But I think Texas is a pretty good indicator of how to handle it without crushing businesses, but also making sure that we're keenly aware of the danger of spike in COVID. I don't know whether some of these other States will handle it the same way. So as a consequence, we're projecting relatively flat volume in Q4. I think Hamzah asked earlier, and I didn't really answer the question, how we're looking in October. And just as I said with the quarter, October is looking pretty similar to what September look like. So relatively flat, a few things are lower, a few things are higher. But overall, we expect that the volume will be flat from Q3 to Q4.
Jim Fish: Well, okay. We've said – John said in his scripts and he can add color here. But what – really are the big takeaway for us in – particularly in Q3, but also to a lesser extent in Q2 was that we now believe, we can truly operate this business at a lower operating cost structure. Devina also talked about SG&A. And so in all the obvious areas, things like travel and some of the discretionary spend, we know that we can run at SG&A that's lower than previously thought. But most importantly, when we look at what John discussed in his prepared remarks, we absolutely believe that as we climb back to volume break even and then start to accelerate again, that we've learned that we can operate at a operating cost structure. There are – as you mentioned, there are some things that will impact our operation such as traffic. But when I look at – I use Houston a lot because I sit here, but I look at charts for Houston traffic every week, put out by a group here in – of the greater Houston partnership. And Houston traffic is almost back to pre-COVID levels. When you look at the city of Houston for us, we are still looking similar to the rest of our business in terms of overtime. So it gives me confidence that while traffic will certainly create some snarls in our operations, that we'll be able to hang on to these efficiency gains that we're picking up. And then to add to that what we're doing with digitalization. And I believe that's why we firmly believe that this is a long-term sustainable approach to it, a new approach to our operations. John, anything to add on.
Jim Fish: So I think your question was largely around special waste and projects there. And so what we're seeing with special waste and to some degree C&D. C&D is a bit cloudy, the picture is cloudy because of last year and the fire volume from last year. And as John mentioned, if you normalize for that, it's maybe 7% down year-over-year, as opposed to 19% down. But primarily with special waste, what we're seeing is that these large companies that own these special waste projects, that there's some discretion in the timing of the initiation of those projects. So our pipeline looks quite good at this point. And the big question is when will they initiate those projects? Many of them as you might expect, have been delayed in 2020. And we expect that they will build those projects into their budgets for 2021, after this unpredictability goes away from 2020.
Jim Fish: I would add to that. Thanks Devina. I would add to that too, if you go back the last handful of years, which I've done over and over again, and look at CPI and our core price performance, you can see that they're not – there's a disaggregation there, and that's been strategic. We've talked about moving away from a traditional CPI to other rate setting mechanisms. And I think that's what you see. And as evidenced by what we're doing in residential and with some of the municipal customers in our landfills, that core price performance shows that we're moving further and further away from CPI because it's frankly not a rate setting mechanism that aligns as well as some others when it comes to the cost of our business.
Jim Fish: I'm not sure I said, they even each other out. I mean, look, do you remember that a little bit of first quarter of 2020 was impacted not a lot but certainly two or three weeks of the first quarter was impacted. And then obviously, second quarter was a huge impact. So I wouldn't say they would even each other out, we haven't fully determined what our volume is going to look like for 2021 yet, but just based on what you were saying there, I think first quarter is going to be – certainly going to be less impacted than second quarter. So the year-over-year comp might be difficult in Q1. But we do have that second half of March that is an easy comp. And then obviously, you have a very easy comp when you get to Q2 and then Q3.
Jim Fish: I'm not sure we've done the math there, but look, there was – there were a lot of gifts to our customers for all the right reasons in Q2 and Q3. And that's why we've said we are confident in our ability to capture price going forward.
Jim Fish: Well, we provide, Michael, a lot, in addition to financial support for all of our teammates, we provide a lot through our HR group, we provide emotional support for employees. And then certainly we've seen an increased demand for that year-over-year. I think it's though – it's been amazing how our teams performed under these circumstances. And I do believe that by taking that financial, that big financial worry off the table for them, that has helped them emotionally as well. So but yes, you're right. I mean, we talked about the term people first all the time, and it is at the top of our list.
Jim Fish: I think Michael, part of why this industry is such a great investment for shareholders is because we are so diversified that one sector going down doesn't really have a dramatic impact on us. So now obviously in April and May, when you had multiple, the entire economy going down, it was going to have an impact on us. But even then, you're still talking about a certain percentage of the economy being essential services and we provide service to them. So I think when we look at that piece that has lagged, it's probably, I mean, we talked about schools being 8% to 10% of our commercial business. And those have come back in many cases and in most cases, maybe not fully, some have come back fully. Some are coming back on a hybrid basis. The sports teams are trying, as we saw last night on the football game, the Pennsylvania teams have been at zero fans, look like last night, they had 7,500 fans. It was probably good for that game, but it's coming back slowly, but the beauty of this industry is that we represent all sectors of the economy, and many of those sectors are deemed essential and have been there since March. And those that are not essential are recovering reasonably quickly, some less than others. But we feel confident that as we showed in our volume numbers, that 2021 will be the eventual emergence of all of these businesses.
Jim Fish: Yes, I mean, certainly when – as volumes continue to return, there's some incremental costs, but I think is what you've seen from us through Q2. And then in Q3, we've been able to certainly overcome that. And we've expanded margins the way we have and that's in light of us losing volume in our highest margin business. So the natural thought would be as that business starts to come back, we continue to keep a close eye on cost control, both in the operating side and on the SG&A side that we've got some more runway there.
Jim Fish: I think your question might be related to and in some ways related to what we're doing with our differentiation efforts. And so we believe that there's – not only is there this price strength that we've shown, which is in large part intended to recover cost increases, and at the same time expand margin. But there's also a piece of that now going forward, which we really haven't tapped into yet, that's really related to a differentiated service offering. And when you're differentiated, you can charge more for your services and your customers are willing to accept that because they truly view you as being differentiated. That's really what we hope to get out of customer service digitalization, and we are very much in the early innings there.
Jim Fish: Well, thank you. In closing today, I'd like to recognize three of our areas that have had to contend with natural disaster after natural disaster. And in doing so, they've done it with amazing patience and professionalism. First off, our Gulf Coast area took a direct hit from three separate hurricanes this year. And many of our teammates were displaced from their homes and several of our facilities incurred pretty significant damage. But through all of that, they've persevered and they've gotten the job done, which was amazing in and of itself. And similarly, our Northern and Southern California areas have really almost had to come to accept that wildfires are just a devastating normal these days. We've had wildfires the last several years and certainly including last year, and then again this year, but the team hasn't wavered, they've provided outstanding service and really demonstrated that a love for their customers and their communities. In fact, you may have heard about the story of one of our drivers who literally saved the life of an elderly woman in Paradise, California, last year. So to those three areas, Northern California, Southern California, and Gulf Coast, they should be committed for the jobs that they've done through this really unfortunate series of natural disasters. Thank you to all of you. God bless you. And thank you to all of you for joining us this morning. And we will talk to you next quarter.
Michael Hoffman: Perfect. And then cash flow from ops is going to be about $100 million better than your 2Q revision of the numbers. How much of that's working capital versus you're running the business better, it's profit.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then Jim, you shared that you thought if the states get to full reopening by the middle of the year, a trend, is this an appropriate way to think about cadence without getting into numbers? First quarter’s negative volume, 2Q is positive, they even each other out. Second half is positive, the year is positive.
Michael Hoffman: Right, last one for me, you talk about people first. Talk about the COVID fatigue and how that sort of is managed through as a business, given the essential service aspect of this and the day-to-day sort of presence of this.
