David Steiner: Scott, I think overall, I think we were pretty much in line from an operating basis. Frankly, we did worse on volumes than we thought we'd do. We did a lot better than we thought we'd do on both the price and cost. And so when we looked at the quarter, we saw October trending volumes, as I recall, October volumes were negative 0.4%, and so we sort of saw the volumes trending toward positive like we thought would happen in the fourth quarter. Obviously, the winter storm started hitting in sort of mid-December and that in December, as I recall, was negative 4.9% in volumes. And so you can see the dramatic change that we believe the weather had in December. And so, overall, the volumes were disappointing, but there was nothing we could do about it. The two things that we could do something about on the cost side and on the yield side, we exceeded our expectations.
David Steiner: Yes, when you look at residential contracts -- look, our pricing program over the last few years has been sort of an up or out mentality with respect to residential contracts. We've raised prices basically across the board. As we look at that, we're going to look at those contracts that we have, particularly where we already have the capital invested, and we're going to look at them purely from a return-on-capital point of view. We're going to keep the contracts that give us sufficient return on capital, and we're going to let them go when we have competitors that are putting out prices there that don't meet our hurdles from a return-on-capital point of view. The losses have been fairly widespread. The numbers that I have seen recently show that it's about $33 million. You can translate that into basis points, but it was about $33 million of residential contract that we lost year-over-year.
David Steiner: No, not really. I mean, when we talked in the last year about the customer-focused growth, one of the things that we did is we put an emphasis on our municipal contracts. And just like we're looking at in our other customer segments, we're going to look at this customer segment as to how do we create a value proposition for the customer such that price doesn't become the primary driving factor. So when you look at municipal contracts, you've got to find out what municipalities want. And today, what they want are more options for diversion. So we're going to give them more options from a recycling point of view, from an organics point of view. If you can do that, you can create value out of the materials. If you can recycle more materials and create value that you can then can share with the customer, we can get the contract at a higher price, or at least at a higher return on capital. And so going forward, we are not going to go out and compete on price. That's never been our strategy in any line of business. But we are going to compete to maintain those contracts that give us a good return on capital, and then we're going to try to find a way to meet the customers' need better than anyone else in the industry.
David Steiner: Yes, it's really -- all those contracts are different. Some of them are localized CPI, some of them are more regionalized and national CPIs, some try to get to sort of a waste industry-specific type of CPI. So they're all over the board. What we looked at for CPI in the year was about 1% to 1.3% on CPI. And so you can do the math there to figure out what effect that has on the overall yield for the year. And then I think the other thing to keep in mind is that we anniversaried a lot of our fees. So for example, our environmental fee, our minimum ton-per-load fee, our administrative fee, that's about $50 million of headwinds. All the fees and surcharges, we're expecting to be year-over-year about a $50 million headwind, which tells you that we've got to do a pretty good job on price increases to hit our 2% goal. If you remember last year, in order to hit our goal, we had to have an average price increase on our open-market Commercial business of about 8%. And that type of trend continues this year. I mean, in order to get to our 2%, we've got further headwinds to overcome from CPI and from the various fees and surcharges. And so we expect the open-market portion of our Commercial business to be in the 6% to 8% range.
David Steiner: Yes, just a rule of thumb, you sort of assume that those are three-year contracts, so you hit about a third a year at 2.4%. You do the math and multiply it by three, and you'd figure your gate rate's up probably closer to 5% to 7%. And some of the studies I've seen that folks go out and do would verify that we're being pretty aggressive at the landfill. What we're going to do is pick a few markets where we can test our landfill pricing. We did this -- frankly, that was the first thing we did when I became CEO back in 2004, and it's time to do it again. We've got huge investments in capital in those landfills. When you look at our business over the last three years, landfill volumes have obviously been down dramatically, which has had a dramatic effect on return on invested capital, and we need to raise prices in order to get the return on capital that we expect out of our landfills. So we're going to push them across the board, but then we're also going to go out and find some markets where we can test those types of price increases that you talked about.
David Steiner: You're about right. As I recall it, if fourth quarter average pricing holds, which is basically where the prices are right now, there was a $0.04 to $0.05 benefit for the year. We expect the pricing to hold through the first quarter, but then we expect it to soften towards the back end of the year.
David Steiner: Yes, again, when we put together our guidance, we didn't go through specific elements of the volumes. But just from a commentary point of view on the commercial volumes, these will be the special waste. Special waste has held up tremendously well during the year, and we don't particularly see that changing in 2011. The pipeline still looks pretty strong. Now the pipeline there is probably only a quarter, your visibility is probably only a quarter out. But it still looks pretty strong. On the commercial side, those volumes have very stubbornly stayed sort of in the negative 5% range, and we just haven't seen a dramatic move in those volumes. And I've said it before, that I would much prefer to see those commercial volumes move toward black because I think that would be more indicative of a strong economy. They've remained stubbornly negative at about negative 5%. Hopefully, we'll see that change. But as you know, with our business, you really don't start to see the change until the spring weather breaks and folks start -- and I mean, there's not that many people as you know in the Northeast that are adding new businesses during the winter months. And so I think we'll get a better feel in the second quarter as to whether we're going to see significant improvement in commercial volumes year-over-year.
David Steiner: I really can't control nor comment upon what others are going to do. I can only comment upon what we're going to do. And look, I think you all recognize that everything we've done since I've been here has been focused on return on capital. And what we've seen in the last three years as volumes, you all know very well that we're very highly leveraged from a fixed cost point of view at our landfills. And so as the volumes have come down the last three years, the margins have come down fairly dramatically and the return on capital has come down fairly dramatically. We make huge investments in these landfills every year. And so if we're going to get the return on capital up, we don't have a lot of opportunity to pull out variable costs. So there's only one way to get the return on capital up, and that is to push pricing. And that's exactly what we'll do.
David Steiner: But this year, the investment in the business will be more -- won't be out of our pocket. Last year, obviously, we made an investment in China and we bought a plant. The total of that was about $300 million. This year, China should self-fund, so we won't be making investments there. And we don't see us acquiring any plants this year. So what you'll see in waste-to-energy is that we'll continue to invest in it, but it won't be -- we won't have to put material dollars out from a capital or acquisition point of view.
David Steiner: But generally, we use the mid-year standard on the buyback, and I think we modeled $400 million, $500 million of share buyback.
David Steiner: Yes, I think it does. I mean, we talked about it in the script, but the way I sort of look at the year, Michael, is that in the first two quarters, we're still going to have some headwinds from the growth initiatives that we talked about in the third quarter and a little bit this quarter. Things like Bagster and customer-focused growth. And the first two quarters of the year, that's going to be about a $0.02 per quarter drag. We've got waste-to-energy. We're going to put $28 million into refurbishing this plant in Virginia that hits in the first of the year and now goes positive '11 in the back half of the year. So you've got $0.03 of headwind in the first half from waste-to-energy, so that's a penny and a half in a quarter. And then as Bob mentioned, we're making investments in these cost savings programs to starting paying off in the back half of the year and the first two quarters, that's about $0.02 a quarter. So you've got $0.04 to $0.06 a quarter sort of investment. And then in the first quarter, we talked about the weather in January making earnings flat in January. Normally, we'd expect to see January up $0.01 or $0.02. So you've got that effect in the first quarter. So I think, very clearly, we're going to see that historical trend to be a little bit different for us this year. We certainly are going to be more back-end loaded than front-end loaded for every reason that we have, which is the price should be a little bit better in the back half of the year because CPI should get better for those contracts that reprice on June 30. The volume is going to be better because we won't have the weather coming out of the first part of the year, and we expect the economy to continue to improve. So the volume is going to get better during the course of the year. And then on the cost side, we're going to be making some investments in cost savings in the first half of the year that are going to reap the cost savings from the back half of the year. So when you look at the three primary drivers of our earnings, you're going to have some headwinds in the front part of the year, you're going to have tailwinds in the back of the year.
David Steiner: Right. The point is that when working capital changes because revenue's higher, that's not such a bad thing.
David Steiner: You don't have collections as part of our incentive program, Michael, and maybe that would make a difference. But we continue to see improvements except for the fourth quarter. We continue to see improvements in our collection efforts. So I don't think there's much of a disconnect there. And there may have been some other noise in our cash flow from ops in this quarter that it contributed to it. And then on days payable, Michael, we get discounts for paying early. So we're not really trying to lengthen out the DPF [ph].
David Steiner: Yes, I mean, certainly. When we look at it, probably about 65% of our special waste is actually what we'd sort of call permanent special waste so coming out of plants where we have a contract. And then about 35% is event-related. And that 35%, obviously, changes with seasonality, and I think also changes with corporate budgets for the folks that are doing the clean-up work. And so you're going to have some lumpiness. But again, so far, going into the first quarter, we don't see the rate slowing down dramatically.
David Steiner: But you know, Michael, I do think that generally, the commercial volumes are driven more by the defection rate, right? I mean, the defection rate this quarter was 9.7%, which is down 110 basis points from the third quarter. But that's going to be the primary driver of the Commercial business is defection rate. Now you've also got -- you're adding new business, too. So the primary driver is going to be the defection rate and then the net new business that you add. The rest of it is a small portion of what drives the volume number.
David Steiner: Yes, I mean, when you look at it sort from of a 10,000-foot point of view, you've got October and November that ran at negative 0.4% in October, negative 1.4% or so in November. And so you have the numbers trending. Obviously, in November, you've got the holiday season starting to kick in. But, yes, the number is starting to trend towards black, right? And that was driven through all lines of business. You've got great comparables year-to-year starting to show up in the industrial line of business, and you've got C&D and special waste holding up very handily. So everything was trending the right way until the weather hit. And this is what we faced every year when we're looking at what we're going to talk about with respect to volumes -- what we're going to talk about with respect to volumes for the year. Is negative 4.9% in December indicative of weather? Or is it indicative of a softening economy? In other words, what do you base 2011 volumes off of? Do you base it off the negative 0.4% in October or the negative 4.9% in December? And when we look at it, we think that you can compare it more to October than December because of the weather event. Now January has continued to be soft. Again, we believe it's because of weather, not because of the economy. So again, it's the same thing we're faced with every year, where we really don't know if our volume call is going to be right until we come out into the seasonally up months that start in the spring. Why do we think it's going to be flat for the year? Because we expect to see GDP positive this year. We have no reason to believe that special waste will drop off dramatically during the course of the year. We expect industrial volumes to continue to improve, and then we expect to see improvement on the commercial line of business, if not because the economy improved dramatically, because of the year-over-year comps. And so we expect every line of business to improve during the course of the year just like what we saw in October. And then you've got the overall volumes driven by that great special waste like it's been for the last three quarters. So that sort of the 10,000-foot view. The other thing that we've got going on is the investments that we started to make in customer-focused growth, the segmentation of our market areas. We're starting to see that take hold. We've talked about our medical waste initiatives, and we just had a large national hospital chain that was virtually 100% by a large competitor, we took about 30% of that business away. So we're on target to at least double the amount of medical waste we do. We're doing $20 million, $25 million. We expect to do about $50 million in 2011. And then when I talk about on the municipal side, we're going to make sure that we maintain the contracts. In the past, we've let some contracts go based strictly on our philosophy if we're going to raise prices everywhere every time. We're going to take a little harder look at the residentials line of business, and we're going to make sure that we stay at those contracts where we still get the good return on capital. So we're looking at that positive factors throughout the business. I think that will be born out once we see the spring come and you start to see normal seasonality kick in.
David Steiner: Do you mean the weather? Yes, I mean, look, when you look -- I'm not sure about the other folks in our industry, but I follow the transportation industry fairly closely, and if you take a look over the last two or three weeks, you'll see that a number of transportation companies have brought down their earnings fairly dramatically because of the weather, more dramatically than we have. And basically, what happens is, as the folks up in New York know, commerce just shuts down, particularly when you have the type of snowstorms that we've been having along the East Coast and the Midwest. And when commerce shuts down, look, we move 15,000 tons a day out of New York City and when things shutdown, we move zero. And so some of that comes back, but not all of it comes back. And so the weather certainly has a dramatic effect on our business, and certainly, this weather this year has been as bad as we've ever seen. Now again, maybe what you didn't hear from the other companies is because they haven't closed their January books yet. I can't speak for the other companies. We've just closed our January books, and we were able to see that earnings were flat year-over-year and, generally, we'd expect them to be up $0.01 or $0.02. So we thought that was important for our shareholders to know and so we want to make sure to call it out.
David Steiner: And again, special waste is generally event-driven on that 35% that is non-contracted. And so it does bump around quite a bit. Like I said, the visibility that we have is generally just about a quarter out. And what we're seeing even during January where we had bad weather, what we're seeing is that volumes are continuing to move and that there are some fairly good-sized projects that we're seeing moving despite the bad weather. So again, are we going to see the same kind of great growth that we saw in 2011 and 2012? Well, obviously, the year-over-year comps will be a little bit more difficult, but we'd expect the dollar amount to be similar to 2010.
David Steiner: Yes, there is no doubt. I mean, I think you all follow the industry. And I think there's no doubt that we continue to be more aggressive than other folks in our industry. And so when you look at it -- and when I look at it, I look at it from sort of three angles. You got the CPI effect, which we can't do anything about, but that should improve as the economy improves. We just saw the wholesale prices come out and they were -- it's the only time in my life that I actually root for inflation is because we have the CPI adjusting contracts. And then we've got the other piece that we have to overcome, which is the fees and surcharges. I talked about those, those are about $50 million. Those will be $50 million negative. You can't really do much about those when the economy improves, although you should see things like the minimum ton per load and some of those other types of fees improve as the economy improves. And then you've got just the general price increases. When you look at GPIs, better economy is always going to be better for us because customers are more willing to accept price increases. But I think the important thing to remember about us is that we are moving away from price increases for price increases' sake. And what we're trying to do is to create that value proposition with our customers so that we can get both price and volume. I mean, that is for the first year, as for our pricing program, they were price-focused, and they were focused on price to the detriment of volume. And now that we're moved towards segmenting our customer base, we believe we can get both price and volume, and that's certainly our goal.
David Steiner: Well, you know, obviously, what we've done in the fourth quarter of 2010, I believe, portends very well for us in 2011, and we look forward to meeting you all on the road with our new Director of Investor Relations, Ed Egle [ph], and we'll see you in the coming months.
Robert Simpson: It was a little bit lower than we thought. We have every year at the end of the fourth quarter, we have a certain amount of adjustments we make due to capping closure, post-closure analysis. We do landfill to landfill. This year, that number was just a little bit higher than what it was last year, and last year was probably pretty typical, but that's what drove the D&A down. You'll see that it happened last year in the fourth quarter as well.
Robert Simpson: Jonathan, it's 2.5% is basically what we've been using as the number that we expect our wages to go up in 2011 and it's driven -- so some of it is driven by union contracts, but it's really driven by local market conditions. The thing about CPI is it doesn't capture necessarily all the costs people face. It's impacted significantly by housing, for example, at least in some ways in which it's measured. So the real cost that a lot of our folks are facing is closer to 2.5% than it is to 1%.
Robert Simpson: Well, yes. In fact, I would expect you'll see in the first two quarters of this year an impact of around $0.02 per quarter from these investments we're making in the start-up costs, and most of that will be SG&A. We've had negative. We expect though, by the way, in the second half of the year to see the benefit start to be realized to the point where for the year, it will offset, and maybe even a little better. We'll talk more about that as the year goes on. If we don't start investing in these cost savings programs, I think my ability to deliver on the 9% run rate at the end of 2012 will not be realized. So we just have to go after some of these things. We do expect to still see an improvement in SG&A during 2011, just in part by continuing to manage the other cost but also by higher revenue.
Robert Simpson: You'll begin to see it in the third and fourth quarters of this year. But yes, 2012 is when you'll really see it.
Robert Simpson: With respect to the exposure to the market merchant, our merchant plans represent about 53% of the total amount of electricity we sell. And right now, we've got about 30% of that, 30 percentage points of that hedged. We'll have more hedged as the year goes on. In terms of the pipeline, we're continuing to invest in the business. We haven't changed our view of that at all.
Robert Simpson: I think that's a very good point and I think when your business is growing, when your revenue is growing, and your receivables are going up, it makes it a little bit harder to bring your working capital down. And this year, we added at the end of the year $157 million more in working capital, and our DSOs every quarter this year except the fourth, our DSOs improved by at least a day. In the fourth quarter, they didn't, they just stayed flat. And we've just got to do a better job.
Robert Simpson: I'd rather have that than -- I'd rather just have working capital to be something as neutral. I'd rather have that. And I think we'll be able to -- we're certainly working to accomplish that this year even though we're continuing to expect revenue to grow.
Robert Simpson: Michael, it's not that much. If we can just take as we did this year and improve it by $30 million, we'll probably be just fine.
Robert Simpson: It is going to require some discipline on payables and receivables. That's really what drives our working capital.
Robert Simpson: Basically, Michael, I mean, it's a change in the year-over-year's unit service. Then on the commercial side of the business, we measured units by yard service.
Robert Simpson: Or an increase in the size of the containers. I have to tell you, this is an indicator of how just the breadth of the economic -- how the economy is doing. When that starts coming back, then that's when you'll see real indications that the economy is moving.
Robert Simpson: This should finish it. The plants needed a fair amount of repair work when we moved in. And some of what we're upgrading could have been avoided had the plant been maintained better before we bought it. Some of it, though, was truly upgrades to make it operate more efficiently. It's more of the former than the latter. But once this is done, I think you'll see that, that piece is going to be much more normal operations.
Michael Hoffman: It seems that it changed faster than the rate of revenue growth. And if your focus is on return on capital, is there a disconnect at the local level on the working capital side of that, that they're not as tied to that and therefore...
Michael Hoffman: It appears that you're counting on a reasonable working capital savings, though, in '11 to hit your free cash flow target.
Michael Hoffman: So what do you account for -- it's a pretty significant improvement from cash provided from operating activity to get to that free cash flow calculations and...
Michael Hoffman: And then on the special waste, just so I'm clear, I mean, a great year-over-year comparison in '10, and you're still seeing good activity, but you're expecting it to be a flat comparison. That's the point.
Michael Hoffman: And then, remind us of some quarterly lumpiness in that because it comes in fits and waves that we ought to be wary of as we're thinking out the year.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, so that's how to think about it. So if you had a whole lot of 10 yarders and you went -- you came down 5% in number of yard containers.
Michael Hoffman: So if the service intervals had been negative to the first half then got flat but got negative again, we just need the service interval to shift to a flat. And we'd see that number start to trend progressively toward zero, is the point.
