David Steiner: Scott generally what we’re looking at is as you can well imagine are sort of those smaller tuck-in acquisitions. And obviously you’ve got to in order to spend the kind of money that we’re selling this Wheelabrator business for, we’re going to have to put together quite a lot of those. So it will take time if we’re going to replace that EBITDA. As we’ve said to the extent we can’t do that we would buy back shares. The whole theory of the transaction was that we didn’t want to do a deal that wasn’t going to be accretive to earnings and so we used this base case of 100% of proceeds going to debt pay down and share repurchase as our base case. The good news is that that’s accretive and to the extent that we can buy businesses to tuck them in that would replace the EBITDA that’s a net positive for us. So we’ll be looking at that over the next few months as we move toward a closing and then I will expect Scott that once we do close it at the end of the third quarter mid fourth quarter we’d have a much better defined plan as to how much of those proceeds we can actually deploy into new businesses.
David Steiner: Yes, when we look at landfill contracts, there is really two things. It’s not just CPI. There is also, a lot of those contracts will have just a standard price increase in it. So just to use an example, it might be a $30 contract, and it goes up to $32 the following year, 34. So it won’t have a specific CPI related, but it will have a specific price increase. So a large portion of our contracts would have those types of price escalators in them and what we have said is that we are going to look at those contracts as they renew, and we are going to get higher price increases and then to the extent that we have volume that we can raise price on. Immediately we’re going to look for 5% to 7% price increases. We’re really just started to turn all of our focus to the landfill pricing over the last six months. I would tell you that we are sort of in the second or third inning on that project, there’s still a long way to go.
David Steiner: And I would tell you that Jim led the negotiations for the transaction. And from Jim’s point of view, I can promise you that he thought the negotiations lasted a very long time because he spent a good portion of his time literally over the last six months getting this deal done.
David Steiner: Yes. When we look at the price volume trade-off, I will tell you that that I would expect that next year you’ll hear us say it’s the ninth straight quarter of over 2%. Now as we talked about, you saw it go from 2.6 to 2.3. That’s really more mathematical things than anything else. It’s the anniversary and has some various fees. So it’s not an indication that we’re going backwards in pricing. It’s really more just an indication of mathematics, but you should see that above 2% for the -- certainly the near future and I would expect well through 2015. When you think about the volume trade-off, you got to look at it in various lines of business right. When we look at it, we say what are those lines of business where we can get volumes without affecting the pricing dynamics in a market? And we are going to focus more on those volumes than we would on other volumes. And so we want to be a little bit more circumspect and how we manage our volumes. We think that going into 2015 we should see some easier comps and we should see the volume start to stabilize. And look, that’s what we’ve always said. That this model really starts churning once you can get both, yield over 2% and positive volumes. I would hope that in 2015 we can see that reality for the first time in many years.
David Steiner: So Hamzah look the intent of the negotiation of the waste supply agreement was to replicate what Waste Management and we have in place today. And I think we’ve done that, ECP’s primary interest in the waste supply agreement was volume certainty and both sides worked hard to crack an agreement to provide that volume certainty. But it also allows us to optimize our operation. For example our landfills as you know are a critical piece of our business and we’ll continue to bring tonnes in those landfills while at the same time fulfilling the volume commitment. And I don’t know whether that answers your question specifically but I think we feel good about the fact that we have crafted a waste supply agreement that satisfies both parties, needs.
David Steiner: Yes again Hamzah you’ve got to look at it by line of business. I would say that on the commercial line our primary focus is going to be on maintaining the customers that we have, right. We’ve said it many times that some customers will leave for price and those customers are going to leave, but everybody else you got to make sure that you have a high level of service to maintain them. So our core strategy on the commercial side would be to provide the best service and reduce the churn rate. On the roll-off side obviously as you see temporary roll-off improved throughout the country with residential and commercial construction going up, we would expect to get our fair share of volumes there. And so I would expect that we’ll see the volumes on the roll-off side turn positive in 2015. And on the residential line we probably still have some residential contracts that are low margin contracts, you should see those start to be called out or re-priced throughout 2015. So it depends upon what line of business you’re looking at and how we’ll approach it that sort of talked about what we’re going to do on each of the three collection lines.
David Steiner: Yes clearly we would look to get bigger in energy services it has been a good growth business for us. We’d expect that growth to continue and we’d like to get bigger there. On medical waste, I think it’s been well documented that they’re a very strong competitor that does a great job of keeping everybody out of that business. And so we’d expect that business frankly to not be as much of a growth area as we thought it would be in the past. And so when we look at the growth areas we’re really looking at our manufacturing and industrial business and our energy services business.
David Steiner: Yes the CPI will likely be a little bit lower in the back half of the year than it was in the front half of the year given the performance of CPI and the fact that a lot of our contracts reprise on July 1st. But again what we’ve always said is if CPI is lower we just have to go out and get those pricing dollars from other places. And so we’d expect that to continue in the back half of ’14.
David Steiner: Yes, I know. This is definitely the beginning and so you know it’s a combination of things. It’s continuing to manage our contracts and the rebate structure, it’s continuing to look at our cost structure and driving costs out, and then it’s also rationalizing the plants where we don’t have volume. They have done a nice job in the first half of 2014. We would expect that to continue through the back half of 2014 and then as we have always said all along, this thing really starts to cook if we see the commodity prices turnaround. We’re not forecasting that for the back half of the year, but we would expect to see continued benefit year-over-year from our recycling operations for Q3 and Q4.
David Steiner: I’m not sure that has changed dramatically. Look, we’re always going to be the higher priced provider in the residential line of business. I can give you a perfect example of sort of a service price dynamic. We had a contract that we lost in Pennsylvania. We lost it clearly on price. And the contract went away. And what the municipality found out is that that they had dramatic service issues with the new provider. They came back to us and then they said we need you to taking this contract back. We said, we will take it back but it’s going to be at our price. And they said, that’s perfect, and then we said, that’s great, don’t worry, we will handle it from here. So it just goes to show that when you look at residential business, service matters. And when we look at the residential line of business, we’re not looking to win every bid. What we’re looking to do is to renew our current contracts at that current or higher rate because of the service that we provide and the partnership that we have with our communities for many-many years.
David Steiner: Well I think you’re probably looking at where we were at the end of the quarter and we were a bit low there kind of artificially low with respect to leverage at the end of the quarter the reason for that is that because we hadn’t had any share repurchase year-to-date we ended up using that to pay down our revolver. So a more normalized leverage ratio for us is 3% than as a consequence when you do divest that $220 million worth of EBITDA. Our calculation is we probably need about 400 million in debt pay down in order to maintain that leverage neutrality.
David Steiner: It’s a bit hard to predict because it’s a function of FERC approval and that really is the biggest time controllable hurdle at this point. But in talking through this with ECP, we believe it’s somewhere within kind of three to five months probably closer to three to four.
David Steiner: Well on an annual basis the EBITDA as we said is about 220 million and really there is not a heck of lot of seasonality, there was a little bit more this year because of the real cold winter. But typically the volume is pretty static the price fluctuates a bit with your stronger electricity pricing quarters being Q1 and Q4. But I’d straight line it for your analysis.
David Steiner: While we didn’t do a per se a process on it but we had interest from at least one other company where they actually send a non-binding letter of intent to us. And we went through quite a bit of work with them and came up with a number that was a fair amount lower than the 1.94. And then of course last year we -- probably no secrets to anyone but we had conversations with Covanta at that point as well. So I would say that that’s why I wasn’t formally a process pretty close.
David Steiner: Yes. We had a big jump up in rollbacks in 2012, since that time we basically held our rollbacks below 20%, and you saw the same thing this quarter. So I would say from a rollback perspective what you’re seeing is very much stability. When you’re turning something around you see a very low number, we turned it around literally on a dime and when you see someone turn something around that fast, you wonder is it sustainable? And what we found on the rollback side that is sustainable and so I’d expect that to continue at below 20% into the future.
David Steiner: Yes the churn rate obviously it’s affected by the national account loss. But if you take out the national account loss, you’re looking at sort of 10% to 11% type churn.
David Steiner: Yes I mean we’ve always known that the landfill pricing is one of the keys to a long-term pricing program on the collection line of business. As I’ve said before when you are going through the worst economic recession that you had, at least in our lifetimes, and you are losing volumes fairly faster, but the landfill is a little hard to go in and drive a pricing program. As we have seen the economy recovers, we’ve seen the volumes come back. It’s a little easier to be more aggressive with the landfill. And we have done just that, and we would expect that to continue.
David Steiner: I would say, we certainly haven’t seen any ripple of that from pricing throughout the market. Those small competitors, in the regional, even the national competitors that might not be integrated in the market, there is always going to be a healthy amount of competition in every markets we serve. So I’m not sure that that if they can have that dramatic an effect, but to the extent that it will have an effect over time, it will be over time. We are certainly not seeing any effect currently.
David Steiner: Yes. We have to get better with our system. It’s what I talked about earlier that the big leverage that we’ve got in our business is really on the commercial side, because the density, the route density makes such a difference in there that you do have to look at from a contribution margin point of view. So as we look at our business what we are going to try to do is look at those lines of business where we can pick up volume without affecting the market place and then we’re also going to look to start adding some density into our commercial wraps. Now again we are not going to do it in such a manner to upset the competitive dynamics in any particular market. So, it’s going to take a period of time. Certainly as we see the economy improve and as we see the commercial business get better across the country that will give us more of an opportunity to go and take our fair share of the growth. We’re not looking to grab market share here. What we’re looking to do is to get our fair share of the growth. So as you start to see those volumes grow, you should see our volumes in the commercial line get better. 
David Steiner: Yes, look, long-term. I have always said that what you’ve got going on in the economic recovery is, you got housing starts for the first 18 months, we’re sort of what I call it tuck-in housing. There was not a lot of new developments going up. It was tear downs and rebuilding houses. What you see in last 18 months, you started to see some big take downs of large property [swaps] and you’ve seen new development, particularly in places like Texas, Florida, California, you are starting to see new housing development. What comes along with housing development is commercial business, the new gas station, the new restaurant, the new gas, the new grocery store, and so. You absolutely need to see a sustained housing recovery to see a robust commercial volume recovery. I think we’re on -- you all see just like I do. The housing starts number are sort of going in fits and starts over the last year. But I would say that as we go around and talk to our market, the trajectory is clearly up. You’re starting to see more and more housing developments, you’re starting to see more and more businesses that might have gone out of business during the downturn, reopened. And so I would expect that throughout 2014 and particularly in the 2015 you should see those commercial volumes grow. Again, it’s not going to be everywhere. This is a geographic game for us. You’re not going to see commercial volumes grow as robust in some places as others. But in those places where it is growing we want to make sure that we get our fair share growth. 
David Steiner: Yes. They are not so much affecting our recycling volumes, but they are more so affecting just our traditional collection volumes. But it’s exactly right. As we look through the national accounts, the largest one that we lost was a low single-digit margin contract. And so we’re treating our national accounts business sort of just like we treated our residential business, 6 to 10 years ago which is we’re not going to -- we always say, we’re not doing this for practice and we don’t need a lot of practice doing this. So we’re going to make sure that we get a fair price on those national account businesses and we’re not going to keep a national account just to maintain volume. The largest account -- the largest one that we lost again was a low single-digit margin business. For the full year we expect that we’ll lose about $100 million of annualized revenue, of that annualized revenue about two-thirds of it will be very low single-digit margin. And about two-thirds of it has hit to June 30. So the pace of that volume loss will accelerate a little bit in the back half of the year but again you won’t see a dramatic earnings hit because it was very low margin business.
David Steiner: Look we know exactly what we want to do in our national account business. So I would tell you that from a planning point of view we’re in the eighth inning, from an execution point of view I would tell you we’re in the third inning. So there is still a lot of room to manage those contracts, we plan to do that over the next few years but we know exactly where we’re going with it.
David Steiner: We haven’t been looking any at this point but most of our growth has really come organically, we’ve done a few very small acquisitions in our energy services business. But we do consider part of our core and there was an acquisition out there that looked like it was priced properly.
David Steiner: Thank you. Clearly we had great performance from our Waste Management employees in the quarter. As Jim said I think we’d be remised without recognizing our colleagues at Wheelabrator who have done a phenomenal job over the years and we don’t view this as an end of a relationship but as the beginning of another long-term relationship. We are still going to be the primary provider of volume to the Wheelabrator plant. So this will be a change in the relationship but it’s been a great relationship and we expect that great relationship to continue. As we look at the rest of the year as Jim mentioned we’ve got FERC approval which could take anywhere from three to five months. The good news with that is that it gives us three to five months to really develop a plan on what we’re going to do with the proceeds from the divestiture. So I would expect that at the end of the third quarter we’ll have a fairly well defined plan that we can talk to you all about how we’re going to split those proceeds between purchasing tuck-in type of businesses and doing share repurchases. All of which we think is going to be a very positive driver for us at the end of 2014 and driving into 2015. So once again we look forward to the future and we’ll talk to you all end of the third quarter.
Jim Fish: Look the residential line of business is always very competitive because they are large contracts, sort of just like the national accounts. I would characterize the pricing environment as fairly stable. Look there is really only two things that we can look at to determine the pricing environments and that is the discussions with our local managers and publicly reported statistics. And I don’t think there is any doubt that in the last 12 months to 18 months we’ve seen some of our larger competitors favor volume over price. That’s not something that we traditionally have done and obviously that has cost us volume. But overall I’d say that when you look at all the competition out there that it’s fairly stable.
Jim Fish: Look as you know, there has been rumors out there for probably two years that we have been looking at the sale of Wheelabrator. But it needed to be the right partner for us. We feel like we found the right partner. It needed to be the right waste supply agreements for us and we feel like we’ve crafted a good supply agreement with ECP. So it was not so much around, when the timing was, but when we could get the various features of the agreement together, that satisfies both us and our -- and the partner that we are selling to.
Jim Fish: Yes I think, if you think about the cost piece, what we are mostly talking about with Jim Trevathan and his team is on the core side of our business and that is ongoing, and we feel like we are making progress there as you saw in our results. It won’t be affected in terms of absolute dollars. It could be affected in terms of basis points, just simply because of the smaller business here. But I think the main point is that when we look at cost control, whether it is on operating cost or SG&A, we feel like we’re making very-very good progress, with still additional progress to go.
Jim Fish: Hamzah that energy services business continues to grow at a 25%, 30% cliff for us, it still is relatively small compared to the size of the overall business but certainly a nice growth engine.
Jim Fish: It’s hard to predict what the government is going to do I guess. But certainly could happen and we’d be happy if it were extended. But the impact for us is substantial, it’s probably close to $80 million a year, so it’s substantial on part of when you look at cash flow from operations part of the headwind was the expiration of bonus depreciation for the quarter it was worth about $20 million.
Jim Fish: Yes. Given that those contracts are generally 3 to 5 years you are seeing sort of anywhere from 20% to 30% of the volume that we can affect. And now remember that 5.1%. I don’t want you all to think that that’s across the board 5.1%. There is some mix in there, right, because all that is doing, is taking a look at same-store sales, but there is absolutely no doubt. The folks sitting around this table are looking at landfill pricing every month and every quarter, and making sure that we are touching the customers that we can touch. As we mentioned we get 90% of our landfill customers in the first half of the year. The other 10%, it’s not that we let them slide on pricing. It’s that they are either event work or they have contracts that prevent us from doing it. And so we’re going to take the same approach on landfill pricing that we took on the residential pricing which is we are going to move that price up and it may end up costing us some volume. But when you look at the overall competitive effect on our overall business both collection and landfill, driving that landfill price up is positive for the entire business.
Jim Fish: Yes so far it has been, actually I would say the landfill pricing environment has been probably as good or better than the environment on the collection side, right, because as we have seen our pricing increases we have not seen a dramatic loss of volume, we are hoping that will continue. Obviously, look, we can’t do anything other than what we can do. But the price environment has been fairly stable there.
Hamzah Mazari: Just a question on the supply agreement, could you give us a sense of how that supply agreement is structured with Energy Capital Partners? How long does it last for? And specifically what we’re looking for is, does this impact your ability be strategic on disposal pricing given that waste-to-energy plants are like landfills in your disposal network? Any color there would be good. Thanks. Credit Suisse: Just a question on the supply agreement, could you give us a sense of how that supply agreement is structured with Energy Capital Partners? How long does it last for? And specifically what we’re looking for is, does this impact your ability be strategic on disposal pricing given that waste-to-energy plants are like landfills in your disposal network? Any color there would be good. Thanks.
Hamzah Mazari: Okay. I can follow-up offline on that that is fine. And then on the volume loss, could you give us a sense of how much more low margin business do you have in your portfolio? It seems like over the last couple of years we’ve been pruning that, now we have a pricing gate. Are we near the end of pruning of low margin business and we should expect the pricing gate to come off once that process is done? Any color on that, thanks. Credit Suisse: Okay. I can follow-up offline on that that is fine. And then on the volume loss, could you give us a sense of how much more low margin business do you have in your portfolio? It seems like over the last couple of years we’ve been pruning that, now we have a pricing gate. Are we near the end of pruning of low margin business and we should expect the pricing gate to come off once that process is done? Any color on that, thanks.
Hamzah Mazari: And just last question I’ll turn it over. Are there any other adjacencies that you would like to get into? It seems like there maybe a little bit of medical waste still in the portfolio but the rest of the adjacencies are gone, is energy services a bigger vertical that you want to get bigger in? Thanks. Credit Suisse: And just last question I’ll turn it over. Are there any other adjacencies that you would like to get into? It seems like there maybe a little bit of medical waste still in the portfolio but the rest of the adjacencies are gone, is energy services a bigger vertical that you want to get bigger in? Thanks.
