David Steiner: Yes, we obviously can’t look out a number of years, but we said very often that the best indicator for our business is new housing starts. And as you know, we’ve been running a deficit on new housing starts in the United States since 2009. So, we still haven’t gotten to the point where we’re meeting annual demand for new housing start. So, everything I’ve seen, says that’s going to continue to be strong through 2020. Now, obviously, you saw there are some labor challenges in the housing markets, but once those get evened out, I think you’re going to start to see those new housing starts move up from that 1.1 to 1.2 to sort of a 1.4 million to 1.5 million. And you can run at that rate for a good three years to four years before you actually catch up with demand. So, and following those new housing start, you’ll see commercial businesses come in. So, we see the commercial business remaining strong. And then I think, our other lines of business like our industrial and our oil field services, I think oil field services has bottomed out. We should see a recovery, I don’t think that will be a huge robust recovery in 2017. But I think, we’ll see a good steady recovery over the next couple of years. So, absent any big political event or big regulatory event, I would expect that we’ll continue to see good volume growth over the next few years.
David Steiner: Yes, Jim, the addition rate itself we talked more about the defection side, but on the addition side, we were up 50 basis points there, providing another quarter that was net positive in number of customers, not just dollars.
David Steiner: Yes. I would say that it’s obviously two factors, the volume of leachate and then the cost of disposal of the leachate, right. And there is not a lot we can do about the volume of the leachate. When it rains, we get more leachate. But there is something that we can do, on the disposal side, and that is the bigger part of that $23 million of expense, is disposal side. So we’re building waste water treatment plants, we’re going to look at doing some deep well injection at various sides and so. If we can reduce that disposal cost, we think we can bring that cost down pretty dramatically. Now, that takes a little bit of a time, so we would expect these increase leachate cost to be with us at least through mid-year of next year and probably throughout 2017. But in 2018, we ought to be able to attack it pretty well.
David Steiner: The biggest issue we had was in Virginia, when we got, basically, we were transporting the leachate to a water treatment facility, municipal water treatment facility of the PLTW. And they shut off the leachate, not just from our landfill but from all landfills. And so, it’s not an issue that is unique to us. We just happen to have too large landfills fairly close to that PLTW. And so -- and by the way that’s happening a little bit more throughout the country, I wouldn’t say, it’s a trend, but that’s the biggest part of what’s driven our transportation cost. Now, instead of transporting it to a local PLTW, we got to put it on trucks and barges, and ship it 100 of miles. And so, if we can build the waste water treatment facility on site, obviously, you eliminate that transportation cost, and that’s exactly what we’re doing.
David Steiner: Yes, I would tell you, Hamzah that I think we're in the early inning, still. I talked earlier about housing starts and how housings starts are, the demand is there. The problem right now is that it's hard for the housing companies to get labor. And I would say that's sort of where we are in this cycle, right, that the demand is there. But getting drivers, mechanics, getting the labor, getting the trucks in place, is something that we've got to work to be able to meet the demand. And so, I'm encouraged that I think we're in the early innings because the demand is there. Now, it's a matter of us getting the labor and the equipment there to meet the demand. But, I'll let Jim.
David Steiner: I do think it is, it is watching the costs. And the Jims and the operating folks have done a spectacular job of keeping SG&A flat despite the fact we gave a 2.5% to 3% merit increase, every year. So, they've done a nice job of keeping the dollars flat. And then, if the revenue goes up, that's where you get the expansion. And look, we've always said, if we can start putting volume onto this sort of high fixed cost structure that we have, that's how we generate margin expansion. And we feel like we've got the right level of SG&A in order to meet the needs of the business whether it's in today's environment or in next year's environment where we see the volumes go -- continuing to go up. And so, we don't think that we're going to have to add a lot of dollars of SG&A. We've done a nice job on SG&A over the last five years of taking out costs, I would tell you there's not any big dramatic decrease in SG&A. It's just a matter of making sure that you're not adding people that you don't have to add. That you're not adding expenses that you don't have to add. And Jim and the operating guys do a spectacular job of looking at every dollar of SG&A we spend and making sure that it's justified.
David Steiner: Yes, Joe, overall as we said earlier on the call, coal ash, the disposal portion, flows into the special waste revenue generating cover category, and that was up almost 7%. The coal ash part is less than 10% of that total, so it's still a small part of our overall revenue but a growing component of our revenue. We also have some onsite activities. We've done work on those customer sides where we're moving materials from one location to another, helping them operationally manage both their generated waste materials, but also their historic materials that are stockpiled and need remediation. So, there's an onsite component. That onsite component is without a doubt a lower margin. It is accretive to our company. But it also -- it has a very low capital costs associated with it. The disposal side, much higher margin and when we go off site, higher margin. But it's typical to our landfill margins. So, it is a good part of our business but it's not a substantial part yet, Joe. But we expect it to be over the coming years to continue to grow as those regulations take effect. And companies decide what they're going to do on their site to meet those new regulations.
David Steiner: No, I'd agree with that. And last time I saw the numbers, they are still above 50. So, we’re still seeing a little bit of industrial growth.
David Steiner: Yes, as we look at it I think the number that we've always said is about 25% to 35% of our customers are on some type of modified index, whether it's a particularized index for us or a government index like the waste water and sewage. That’s one where like a lot of things we do. You have to have sort of an industry backing, right. I mean, look too many times we see -- I'll go back to the recycling business, too many times we saw a lot of people bid rational contracts like we do and then one party comes in and says we'll do it under the old type of contract and before you know it they're winning business and losing money. And I would tell you, we haven't seen as much sort of industry acceptance of a different CPI based residential or franchise type model. We've not seen widespread enough acceptance to move the needle, I mean when competitors go and say we're going to bid on a modified CPI and then the fourth bidder comes in and says we'll take whatever you have on the table. It's hard to see things change. And so we've had better success in our large franchise areas like California but I think that's going to be a long slow slug that we just have -- we have to as -- there's only thing we can do at Waste Management, and that's stiffing our backbone and say, we're not going to bid these contracts when it's not good for our business. We've proven that on the recycling side. We need to continue to have that different type of firm backbone on the residential and franchise side.
David Steiner: Yes. The last report I saw which was last week I think showed rig counts across the U.S and the shale plays up 11, which is very small on a percentage basis. And the majority of those were in the Permian Basin where we don’t have a presence. But, we are starting to see a little bit of indication that maybe some of those shale place where we do have a presence or thinking about drilling next year which is a change from the past two years for sure.
David Steiner: Well, thank you for joining us as we move into the holiday season. We wish all the best as we move towards the end of the year. And hopefully everyone on the phone will have to spend time with the families and live what the holidays are about. So, we’ll see you when we release next quarter. Thank you.
Jim Fish: Now, I might add one thing and that is, well, it's sometimes hard to see what the microeconomic climate holds. Demographics are kind of set in stone, and when you look at housing starts as David talked about, you’ve got a big generation that kind of Millennial Generation, that’s coming into their own in terms of moving out of parent homes and buying their own houses. So, we feel pretty good about that housing start, which is a direct correlate for us going forward for us for next 5 year to 10 years.
Jim Fish: Yes, our pricing programs quite frankly have always been premised on providing better customer service. I always use the cable model, right. We all get an offer to get lower cable or lower TV service, once a week. We will get something that will promise us a lower price, but we don’t switch because the pain in switching is high, and the cost differential is not dramatic. So, you got to keep that good customer service because you don’t change TV provider until you start having service issues, and that’s when you take those lower price offers, and you say, I’m going to listen to these and actually get this done. And so, customer service is pivotal to the long-term sustainability of our pricing programs. And I would say, it’s two things that really driving. One is technology. I mean, in use of technology, the use of data, and I would tell you in that we’re probably in sort of the second to third inning. But the more important part of customer service is making sure that our customer service folks, our sales folks and our operations folks are all working hand-in-hand to make sure that we give a great customer experience. And frankly that’s where we've made a lot of progress over the last two year. Jim Trevathan and his team have done a phenomenal job of creating better connections between our sales folks, our customer service folks and our operations folks to make sure that we’re all driving to that same goal. So, yes, it can go lower, a probably about 4% to 5% of that churn is systemic, people going out of business, moving business different thinks like that. But we think we can continue to get it lower and we expect to do so.
Jim Fish: Well, look, I think the trend has been there now for about five quarters. So, I would tell you the move up in the volume number was not surprising at all. What I would tell you is, where we've made the most progress, I would say is on the commercial line. We finally flipped last quarter the commercial line to positive volume, and those are the customers that stay with you on average somewhere between 7 and 9 years. And so, they are long-term customers, we can create that route density. And so adding that 1.2% volume on the commercial line, I think is tremendous. I wouldn't say, surprised, but I would say that, that we're happy to see the landfill continue to be so robust. And it really doesn't look like that's going to slow down dramatically. Now, we may not continue to see that 22% on the C&D line, but we fully expect to continue to see sort of that 4% to 7% increase in the landfill. We don't see that's slowing down, and so we've created some good volume momentum, and we'd expect that to continue in the '17.
Jim Fish: Yes, Hamzah, as you recall back a couple of quarters ago, we kind of set the new normal was 1.4 and it feels like that number is going out and it feels like more or like a 1.5. If you look at, kind how to get to our range of 1.6 to 1.7 for this year, I kind walk you through little bit of it. But most of it comes from the single biggest component, which is EBITDA, which is in my mind kind of the best proxy for how the business is doing overall. So, if we think about finishing 2016 with about 365 in the EBITDA, and then you back out CapEx kind of the middle of that range, so that I give it on earlier. So back out CapEx of 1.425 billion last kind of the some of the interest taxes and working capital of about 650 million. And then you added proceeds, and you’re right proceeds are kind a small number this year compared to prior years. But adding proceeds of about 50 million, and that puts you at about 1625 finishing point for 2016. And then in order to get to kind of a new normal, you probably have to kind of normalize cash taxes a bit. We haven't decided exactly what we're going to do. But for the last two years we've actually prepaid some cash taxes, two years ago, we prepaid 200 million. And last year, we prepaid a 150 million. And as we said when we did it, it was really an effort to try and kind of smooth out cash flows a bit, so we don't have these big lumps. But, we'll look at that as we get to the end of year and to the extent that we're kind of over the top of that low end of the range, maybe look to prepay some cash taxes in December.
Jim Fish: Yes, when you look at the margin expansion, I think that we still have that 50 to 100 basis point. So, when we look at 2017, we will probably expect to not get a big benefit from recycling even though we think commodity prices are up. We’ve been bitten by that before, so when we put together our plan we probably won’t expect to get a large benefit from recycling. So, that won’t contribute the margin. Obviously, we’ve got this leachate expense which will restrain the margin. But what we need to do is get efficiency gains by adding route density, we need to get more dollars of price as we see the construction season beginning next year and we need to do I think a better job of planning for the construction season and meeting the increase demand that we would expect to see. And to meet that what’s going to drive the margin, obviously, the Jims and our other operations folks keep a great eye on SG&A. And as you see revenue go up, obviously, we pick up basis point there because we’ll hold SG&A relatively flat. And so I think that 50 to 100 basis points of margin expansion next year, so to come probably 40% from SG&A and about 60% from the operating side.
Jim Fish: Now, we’re finished when you think about were we -- to put its historical prospective, we finished the quarter about $98 in our average commodity price for us. And the 10-year historical average is kind of 103ish. So, still slightly below that, and as David has said, we've fallen into the trap before of some saying we think this trend continues and we'll build it into the guidance for 2017. At this point we, while we haven’t put the guidance, we’re not probably not going to set high expectations for commodity prices for 2017.
Jim Fish: I think for Q4, it'll probably look a little bit look like a first half for the year, but the goal is always as it is, when we talked about 2017 planning right now to try and hold flat in dollars and then get the benefit as revenue increases. I think, Q4 will probably a little bit more like the first half of the year than the Q3 itself.
Jim Fish: Yes, let say this, not in the absolute percentages, but in percent of revenue versus prior year. So, we were -- for first half of the year, we were basically flat on a percent of revenue basis. We were up a little bit in dollars. And a lot of that came from the increase in our stock based compensation, the accruals for our stock based compensation programs, which driven obviously by total shareholder return and then also free cash flow. And those two metrics have done well, so as a result, we've had increased the accruals there. So, I think you may see that again in Q4, which would mean that as a percent of revenue in Q4 versus prior year will probably be about flat, dollars maybe up again.
Jim Fish: That’s right, Michal, I mean there is two things really that are potential headwinds for us, and then we overcome those with growth of the business. Those two things as you mentioned, one is cash tax and the other is CapEx. And right now looks like, CapEx for 2017 could be higher. We've had a couple of projects that we originally had in 2016, that’s why our range is come down a little bit. We were originally 1.4 to 1.5. We’re now 1.4 to 1.45. So, we brought the top end at the right side by $50 million that’s just simply because the government projects that we had originally thought would show off in 2016. Look like, they will show up in 2017. So, none of it is, do we feel like we can’t overcome, but those are two things that work again in little bit 2017.
Jim Fish: So, Jim and I have kind of managed the capital committee, pretty along those lines. And we look at bonus depreciation and we look at, how do, kind of smooth CapEx a little bit. And so, as we think about CapEx, so really may be to answer your question this way, we set along that we thought CapEx should fall in the 9% to 10% of revenue range. In 2014, it was below that, it was in the 8%. 2015, it was just about 9 like 9.1. And 2016.it's going to closer to 10, but we still think in 2017 and on a go forward basis, that range of 9% to 10% is the healthy range, it’s a good range for us. Keep in mind; if you look at things like leach repurchases in 2012, 2013, I think in 2012 we bought around 900 to 950 vehicles. We’re going to buy 1300 vehicles this year. So when we think about OpEx and we talked about it earlier, eventually that has to start affecting our maintenance cost, as we increase the numbers, trucks that we buy by almost 40%. Hopefully that answers your question.
Jim Trevathan: With a couple of specific examples of that, Jim Fish and I listed with our national account team last week. And we rolled out in the last year, a very specific tools that helps us provide for our largest customers, some online and a real-time information that helps them manage their business more aggressively. And it's led us as Dave and Jim mentioned in earlier, it's led us grow national account revenue in total this year, where that’s been a negative drag of our volume in previous years. So, we’re trying to differentiate that service offering very specifically. The other thing, without getting into any specific metrics; and it ties to exactly what Dave said, we’ve added some operating metrics that tie directly to service to our customers, rather than just add internal efficiency look. And that's really helped us focusing the right think, we think add that specific value. And I guess, the last thing I have mentioned there is that, that we've gotten much more aggressive in the process that how we handle service challenges with our customers. Occasionally, we fell and when we do, we want to correct it quickly and adequately. But we also want to make sure that we renew contracts, every opportunity we get, so we’ve added several process changes that led us renew those agreements once an issue, either positive or negative happened. And I think, it’s added to that decreasing churn number.
Jim Trevathan: And I don't think you can overstate also the importance of that chart number that, Jim, just talked about. I mean, when our churn is at 8.7% and it wasn't too long ago that we were in the 11s, that is a big contributor, and it comes as Jim said largely from our focus on customer service which doesn't cause you to lose yield. You keep a good solid customer through improved customer service.
Jim Trevathan: Yes, like any big storm event, the initial issue is that we've increased operating costs. We were actually as a company hit particularly hard by the flooding from the hurricane, we lost probably 20 brand new CNG trucks that were flooded out. And so, we have to move other trucks in, to cover for those trucks, and so the initial will actually be a cost for us. But obviously, you'll see some additional volumes, but it really was not a hurricane that hit in very populated areas and that caused lot of damage in populated areas. And so, if I had to guess, I would say it would be about a wash for the fourth quarter.
Jim Trevathan: It's a special waste, so it’s really a pretty small part. But, we continue to see good growth in that area, and we expect to continue to see good growth in that area. As far as special waste goes, my view of it, Al, is that we never really saw the industrial slowdown. And I think, people talk about an industrial slowdown and they focus on a particular sector like, my focus on the automobile sector, they might focus on the housing sector and they might focus on a particular sector and say, well gee, that shows that there’s an industrial slowdown. We cover all the sectors and we service all of the sectors, and we really just haven’t seen when you look at it on that basis with all of the industrial business, we really haven’t seen the slowdown. So, we’ll see a slowdown maybe in the oil field sector, but we’ll see a picked up in the chemical corridor. And so, overall, we really haven’t seen the industrial slowdown, and we don’t see it on the near horizon.
Jim Trevathan: I was going to say, Al, part of that answer is because we're well distributed with our asset based across so many geographic areas, but also as Dave said, specific industries, we are so well positioned along the Gulf Coast with all of the capital being spent to improve petrochemical industry that we picked up quite a bit of volume, those hazardous sites along the Gulf Coast while other places show maybe a little bit weakness and that’s the strength of our company.
Jim Trevathan: Well, actually, Al, a piece that's been a week for us has been energy services, and we’re starting to see -- starting to hear a little bit from drillers that they may be looking to add capital expenditures in drilling, in 2017. So, we’re not banking on that, but that would be a benefit to us in the landfill.
Jim Trevathan: Now, I would say that it is, someone regional, but we’ve seen an increase in transportation, not just in kind of East Coast, Mid Atlantic and doing one, we’ve seen it in Michigan area, we seen it in Texas, not obviously so much on the West Coast. And I don’t think you guys have rained there for couple of years. So, we haven’t seen much in the West or the Rocky Mountains, but defiantly the rest of the country has seen an increase, not only in volume but in transportation cost.
Jim Trevathan: So, Hamzah, I would completely agree with Jim that I think, I think the business is about a $1.5 billion free cash flow business, I think that's sort of baseline. And then you look at what happens with working capital, right. If working capital goes positive, this year it goes positive because of the prepayments that's how you get to about 1.6 to 1.7. And so, I would say that I'd agree with Jim, the baseline is sort of 1.5 and then you have a couple of other moving items within working capital that could drive it above that.
Jim Trevathan: Completely, agree Dave, it's been a little more of a challenge, you saw that, little bit of the compression in the operating margin. Although, with move forward, it was smaller than previous quarters, and we think that's primarily related to some new route trucks that were not routed before, we've spent a few dollars in maintenance costs to get them up and running and servicing customers correctly. And it's a good problem to have that we see continuing but we're getting our arms around how to do that quicker and faster and better as that volume is forward. And I think, I mean the economy, that's kind of late cycle economy that I've read, you all have talked about. It's definitely is helping volumes. And then I think our process in some of the additions that we've made on how we go out and find that volume. We're targeting volume especially on the commercial side, but also industrial, much more specifically to MSAs that have growth and where do we put the right resources in place, both human and physical resources in place, how do we target it correctly, price it correctly. And those tools have been out there, we're just using them much more consistently across all areas, sharing best practices and you're starting to see the benefit of that.
Jim Trevathan: Yes, the last three years, we've sort of done that $50 million to $70 million EBITDA acquisition starting with RCI in Canada and then Deffenbaugh in Kansas City and then SWS in South Florida. And we really don’t see, one of those types of acquisitions in the pipeline for 2017. So, we’re going to have to go back have to doing it one acquisition at a time doing those $5 million to $25 million type of acquisitions and get our business developers to really go out and start getting some folks to build up those types of acquisitions, so that we can reach. We like to add somewhere between $25 million and $40 million of EBITDA next year, but we’ve got some work to do in order to get that done.
Jim Trevathan: Yes. As you know we’ve always said, we think that yield should be somewhere around 2%. The overall company was 2.6%, we actually got some positive from recycling and some other areas where we've sort of been negative lately. So, it’s pretty much right where we expected to be now, we moved that in the back half of the year. And I think we said on the first two quarter conference call that, that it would probably abate in the second half for the year, between CPI and mix that we would see it come down closely to about 2. But you know when I look at -- when I look at pricing increasingly, we’re looking at core price, not yield, because yield has those mix issue in it. Yield has some of the CPI issues in it. But core price is the actually dollar that we’re putting on the street and holding onto in pricing. And as you saw, that was up 70 basis points this quarter. What we said as that we think core price should be sort of at that 4% number year-in and year-out. We would expect that to continue. And so, we continue to get that 4% plus core price, yield should continue at around 2%. But we’re going to get too worked up over a few basis points of moment here or there based on CPI or on mix.
Jim Trevathan: No, I mean, look, we got to get -- you can’t fall into the trap of saying, no, prices are going up, so let's go back to the old style of doing business in recycling. We absolutely will never do that as long as I’m breathing. And so, it won’t affect our contracts, it will affect -- we will continue to readout those contracts that are under the old form. And basically, we’re about 80% through with that. When you look at the pricing, it’s up, but it’s not dramatically up. And it’s been fairly volatile over the last few years, so we’re not declaring victory, we’re going to continue to go after all the operating cost that we can on the recycling side. And like I said, we won’t expect to get a benefit from it, in 2017. But if we get a benefit that will help to offset some of those increased leachate cost.
Jim Trevathan: And by the way to the volume issue, because I think you did ask about the volume too. Most of the increase that we saw and we did see a positive volume in the quarter, but most of that volume was brokerage volume, which obviously is very low margin volume. When you look at the core processing business, as you know we've shed a lot of unprofitable contracts over the last three years. And so the core business is still seeing some negative volume on the recycling side, but we had really strong brokerage volume.
Jim Trevathan: Now, that's exactly right. And when youlookatthe effect of new business pricing, lost business pricing, you’re exactly right. If we can have less lost business, that drops straight to the yield number.
Jim Trevathan: Yes, Michael, I just add one other thing, although we have the last few years moved few dollars to capital into the current year. The one thing that Jim and I are certainly focused on and that's making sure, we support the business and the growth. We’re not doing that other than to support growth where can we have value by moving trucks forward or backward or any other capital projects. It's got to align with where the opportunity is and how we want to grow our business.
Jim Trevathan: Produce in order -- we've talked about as look, talking to individual area of managers and Vice President's and say look, here's what your capital request has done over the last three years. And here's what your earnings have done. So, when we think about return on invested capital maybe you're doing well, maybe you're not. But we're having those individual conversations.
Jim Trevathan: I completely agree with that. We've seen to you point in the restaurant sector we've seen waste come down slightly. But we haven't seen service levels change, so we continue to service increases outpace service decreases. And for us, that's really sort of on the commercial side that's the leading indicator that we look at and we still see that very strong.
Jim Trevathan: And Tony, you’ve seen that our residential volume is stay negative is that we have loss of volume, but we look at it as Dave said, on the long-term basis or return on invested capital. There is just real focus and we just not going to take business long-term, it doesn’t give us the ability to manage our cost structure and also get some margin improvement.
Jim Trevathan: But, Tony, in real business, we’re still down versus the prior year or getting closer to that reduction but it still not in close to the previous level and without significant movement forward. But we see some signs of it.
