Edward John Reyes: Thank you, Clem. Our core FFO per share was $1.86 compared to $1.66 last year, a 12% increase. This increase was driven by a 9% growth in our same-store NOI, growth of our non-same-store properties and lower preferred stock dividends. With respect to our capital activity for 2012, we issued a total of $1.7 billion of new preferred securities, with an average coupon rate of 5.7%, and redeemed $2 billion with an average rate of 6.6%. Last month, we issued $500 million of preferred stock at 5.2%, the lowest rate ever. A portion of the net proceeds from this issuance was used to pay off the outstanding debt under our revolving credit facility. We increased our quarterly dividend to $1.25 per share, representing an increase of 14%. Since 2007, our dividend has more than doubled. Our consistent long-term dividend policy has been to distribute only our taxable income. With that, I will now turn it over to Ron.
Edward John Reyes: Christy, I'd say it's the latter. We're trying to smooth out the seasonality of our occupancies, and so you saw us -- and we talked about this on our last conference call that we were going to try to do that during the fourth quarter, which we did. We gapped up versus last year by the 200 basis points that you mentioned. We should continue that into the first quarter. But by the time we get into the summer months, it's going to be probably more difficult to keep that gap just because the year-over-year comps are going to be much tougher for us.
Edward John Reyes: I'd say this, Christy. If you look at where we started the year, we started the year, and I'm talking about 2013, where we have the 200 bps of occupancy gap, our in-place rents were up 2.9%. So if you add those together, we were kind of looking at a 4.9 starting the year. If you look -- if you go back 1 year prior to that, as we started 2011, that same number, comparable number was at 3.6. As we move forward into this year -- so we're starting at a better place than we did last year, and as we move forward into 2013, we expect that we will continue to send rental rate increase letters to our existing tenant base. That's where we're going to get and have been getting a significant amount of our rental rate growth. We expect that the rates that we will send will be comparable to 2012. But one thing -- one benefit we do have in addition to that is, is that we have more tenants that have aged longer than 1 year as we start this current year by about 2%. So we have a higher base of tenants to send rental rate increases to. So we're pretty confident that we can continue to grow our rental rate, and I'm not giving guidance. I'm just saying we can continue to grow our rental rate as we move forward.
Edward John Reyes: Michael, because we were reducing rental rates to attract more tenants, as well as you have to think about the move-outs portion side of the equation. So even though, as Ron mentioned, our move-out volume was down, the rental rate that they were moving out at versus last year was higher. So on a net-net, basis, that brought our net rent down. That's not surprising that they would move-out at a higher rental rate. It's because we've been more aggressive increasing their rates over the past 2 years. But with that said, their move-outs velocity, if I could say here, is slowing down because our move-outs -- the actual numbers are slowing down. Customers are staying longer. The tenant base is aging out better, and I think you'll see that as we move forward.
Edward John Reyes: Well, Mike, this is John. Street rates, I think, today, our street rates are probably down about 2% to 3%. Notwithstanding that, I would tell you that the move-in rate's probably still flat. So there's a different rate that people are actually moving in vis-à-vis what we're asking. As for your question on move-ins, move-outs, our move-ins right now are, I would say, probably a little down compared to last year as we move forward. And that's due to the fact that we're more occupied, and we're giving away less discounts, and we're doing less television. So we're not surprised by what's going on with the move-ins slowing down. We can probably ramp that up if we reverse course on our pricing and our promotions. Move-outs, though, what we're seeing is, again, as I mentioned earlier, people are staying longer. So that's a huge benefit for us because more people are starting to fall into the bucket of being here long enough for us to now send them a rental rate increase for an annual renewal.
Edward John Reyes: Yes, it does widen because, one, we're really increasing rates to the existing tenant base while the move-in guy is not really getting his rate moved up. Remember, they're coming in flat while the move-out is going out at a higher rate. So on a net-net basis, yes, we basically rent-roll down on that equation.
Ronald L. Havner: Thank you, John. The fourth quarter benefited from solid demand, resulting in record high occupancies and higher realized rents. Customer acquisition cost continued to decline, while customer move-in volumes increased and move-outs declined. At the end of January 2013, occupancy and in-place rents were higher than last year. In Europe, same-store NOI improved by 1% despite a difficult operating environment. Of note, in the U.K. market, Q4 revenue declined by 8.6% compared to last year and compared to a 4% growth in Q3 as we reduced rental rates to compensate for the introduction of the value-added tax in October. In Q4, we acquired 10 facilities for approximately $82 million. We're adding about 910,000 net rentable square feet to the portfolio. With that, operator, let's open up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Todd, we'll have to see that as it unfolds in 2013 and kind of what the competition does vis-à-vis rental rate increases. But there's 2 levers here that I think you need to think about. If you look at the average move-in rate for last year, it was about flat. However, promotional discounts, which is mainly the dollar special upfront, were down about 9% for the year and down about 20% for the quarter. And for last year, we gave away about $90 million in our same-store pool promotional discounts. So irrespective of what's happening to street rates, there's a big opportunity in terms of promotional discounts, money that we're -- or the incentives that we give to customers to move in. There's a big opportunity there to improve the top line just by reducing those.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think the 2 big items -- touch on 3 big items that you should think about. Property taxes last year were 3%, and I know this sounds like a broken record that we keep saying they're going to be 4% to 5%, but we're pretty confident that they're going to be somewhere between 4% to 5% in 2013. Property and supervisory payroll will be up slightly, probably below 2%. R&M baseline should be down 2013, but that will be offset in part by snow. And here in Q1, we're looking at probably $1 million more of snow at least in Q1 than last year. 2012 was a pretty moderate year in terms of weather up until Q4. And then the big swing item is media advertising and we -- at the current time, we expect television will be down $1 million, $1.5 million in Q1. That's a big variable. That'll depend quarter-to-quarter, depending on what's happening to demand and customer volumes.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, I think, we -- last call or maybe it was 2 calls ago, we told people we were starting some developments, and we're doing that. That's accelerating. We are seeing some regional operators across the country start to develop or they have been developing. Is it in mass quantity? I mean, it's pretty miniscule relative to the overall industry supplier -- yes, supply product in the industry. I think though development is inevitable because as acquisitions continue to move above -- significantly above replacement cost, certainly in some markets, that will precipitate the regional guys looking at that price or at which the acquisitions are trading, saying, "Hey, I can build it for a lot less. I'll build it, fill it up and sell it." So I think it's inevitable. How much? I don't know. Today, it's pretty small.
Ronald L. Havner: We'll be over 2,300 units when that property is done. It's unbelievable. It's in the Lake Union part of Seattle. So as we redevelop that, it continues to fill up, and so we're in the process of adding another 75,000, 80,000 square feet onto that property. We've got both developments and redevelopments in the pipeline about $160 million, $170 million or so.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, if you look historically at who has built self-storage and add a product in the industry, it really hasn't been the public guys, the 4 public companies. I mean, we've added -- extra space was developing. We've always been developing. It just hasn't been a meaningful amount, but we've been developing even through the downturn and redeveloping properties, but we add 10, 15, 20 properties a year relative to the supply that was added in the early part of the 2000s, it's miniscule. So the new supply has come from the local sharpshooters, the local developer, and financing in that arena is very, very limited. In fact, a lot of the product we bought last year was foreclosures or short sales from guys that had developed in '06, '07, gotten financing and were not able to fill up their properties, got crushed and, therefore, went into some kind of foreclosure. So I think it'll be quite a while before we see those operators come back into the marketplace and start developing. And it's the same thing that I've heard in the homebuilding industry. Large public companies with capital are the ones building homes and the local guys, local home developer is pretty much out of the market, and I think the same thing applies to self-storage.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Q1's not a high-volume quarter for new product coming to the marketplace. So it's a little hard for me to say what is going to happen in 2013 other than the amount and pricing of financing for acquisitions continues to improve, meaning, there's more capital at lower prices chasing deals, and so I think it's going to be a challenging, very competitive acquisition environment in 2013. That's one more reason why we're expanding our development program.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, well, we got stuff that's under construction, stuff where we've pulled the trigger. We're -- I mean, we're going to start any day and then stuff where we're kind of in the permitting process. If you add all of that together, it's somewhere between $160 million, $170 million. It will come online in 2013, 2014, and that's today. It changes every week. That's a combination of -- Mike, that's a combination of kind of new developments as well as expansions, modifications of existing properties. We touched on -- we're on our third expansion of the old Shurgard headquarters.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, that's been -- I mean, that's an ongoing thing that's -- for the last decade, 15 years, I think Philadelphia's got a sales tax on self-storage and has for 15 or so years. So there's always various initiatives across the country. We work closely with other operators in the self-storage association to try to mitigate or prevent that from happening, but it's an ongoing thing, has been for years.
Ronald L. Havner: I wouldn't say it's changed. It's an ongoing thing from -- I mean, a town in Illinois last year, Rhode Island, I think, tried it. California tried it. So it's ongoing.
Ronald L. Havner: No, Michael. We've been running the tenant insurance business the same way for -- well, even before Public Storage bought it. So I don't think that's a concern at this time.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Mike, I think I touched on acquisition activity. Someone else asked that question in terms of acquisitions, the amount of financing available out there, and I think it'll be a competitive market. There's not a lot of deals in the market today. Q1's usually a pretty slow quarter so that -- we'll see how the year unfolds. I hope there's activity. I hope that's a reason price will participate, but we'll see as the year unfolds. With respect to how we'll raise capital, we have several billion dollars of preferred capacity. Each new issue seems to be -- we test new rates. I hope one of these days, we break a 5 handle on preferred. So we'll continue to test that, and see if we can continue to raise very low coupon preferred stock going forward.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, David, it really depends on the size of their property. Yes, the typical self-storage property, kind of the old genre, was 500 to 600 units, 50,000 to 60,000 square feet, 2.5 to 3 years to stabilization. Some of the properties we're building like the one in the Bronx is much larger. My guess will be that'll be -- that could be a 4-year stabilization period, and some of the projects that we have under way are add-ons to existing properties where you already have a good customer flow, and so that could be much shorter. It really depends on the size of the property. If you take the basic model of 500 to 600 units, 2.5 to 3 years, that kind of fill up generally applies just adjusting for size.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, the targeted -- I wouldn't say there's a targeted return, Mike, because it depends on the property, the opportunity. So if I were to say what are we looking for, it's somewhere between 8% and 10% stabilized, assuming some costs for fill up. We've got, if I add it up here, probably about 7 or 8 that you would consider kind of ground-up developments or conversions, and then the balance are -- and we've got about 25 properties here. The balance are some form of expansion or modification of an existing property.
