Ron Havner: I'll answer that a couple of ways and then John can add to it. In our top 20 markets across the platform, every market had a lower growth rate than last year. So last quarter, it was 80%, our revenue base was down year over year, this quarter it was 100%. With respect to the most challenged markets, they remain Denver and Houston, which had same store revenue growth, Houston was down 1.4%, Denver was down 1.1%. Our best markets, Tampa was up 7.1, Seattle 6.7, West Palm Beach 6.5 and Los Angeles 6.2. So those have been strong markets and they continue to be strong markets. But again every market was down year-over-year in terms of growth rate.
Ron Havner: Yes, we've increased both television and Internet spend and we expect to do that, increase it again in Q2.
Ron Havner: Hey Mike, this is Ron. I'd say there's a couple of factors, we certainly had above historical trend line growth the last four years or so. If you take a 20 year average, same-store revenue growth and Granite same stores change, it’s about 3.9% to 4%, so we've been above trend line through 2016, I think 2012 to 2016 was above trend line. So we're coming back down towards trend line.  The second thing is new supply, as you indicated and the third which I actually think is probably a bigger factor is macro factors affecting our customers. If you look at trends in credit card delinquencies, charge-offs, auto loans delinquencies and charge offs, if you look at the aggregate amount of consumer debt in both credit cards, auto loans and student loans, over 3 trillion that's up about 800 billion in the last four years. So you're seeing a variety of things where the consumer which is basically our customer is stretched in or understressed. You see it also in companies like Nestle and Unilever that are reporting declining year-over-year sales. And for us we've seen an uptick in delinquent tenant sales for the last two to three quarters and a decline in merchandise sales, locks and boxes. So I'd say it is more than just supply, I’d say that in general the customer is under a little stress and that's why across the platform you see things like same-store revenue growth declining year-over-year in terms of growth rates not absolute decline, but the growth rates, you know, the rate of growth declining.
Ron Havner: I think your analysis is pretty good. And in terms of when you know how long lease up impacts the surrounding competitors that really depends on the pricing and marketing strategy of the operator. For us, we will continue to be aggressive in terms of pricing, promotional discounts and marketing until we reach what we've stabilized 92%. And by stabilize, I don't mean that just hits 92%, that means that it's operating at that level for a period of a year or two. But I think your analysis is right, somewhere between 2,250 hundred properties in lease up over the next couple of years at least.
Ron Havner: Now when we underwrite a development, we use spot rate that we get in the pricing group, we don't make forecasts of what rates are going to be over the next three to five years and we don't underwrite ten insurance or merchandise sales. And we underwrite a 90% occupancy with that cost of money to fill up at 8% and that's not changed over the last year or two. As rates moderate and come down in markets certainly in the market like Houston or Denver as rental rates come down because occupancies are down. It will make it hard for us to underwrite new developments because our return requirements haven't changed. And so if rates are coming down that's going to eliminate a lot of potential product that we might otherwise have underwritten a year or two ago.
Ron Havner: Todd, also let me clarify. I'm not forecasting that future developments of 2,500 facilities, the gentlemen asking the question was just saying you know you have three to four years of 500 to 700 properties being developed and it's a three year fill up, so do the math, you're going to have 2,250 properties across the country filling up in 2018 and 2019. So that's not a future forecast. The second thing to John's point, if you looked at occupancy across the top 20 markets, Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, West Palm Beach, Tampa are pretty darn full, there's not a lot we can do in terms of occupancy growth. You have gaps down in occupancy in Denver, Houston, Chicago that are weighing in terms of the portfolio into the year-over-year negative occupancy growth. So we can't move customers from San Francisco, we're full over to Houston.
Ron Havner: I don't have a forecast for 2018. The way I try to triangulate in terms of what I - new supply coming out of the market and what is the rate of change in that is looking at CofO deals of the other public companies disclose as well as what I know our own development pipeline to be. But I think the 2018 numbers are still evolving. The only company that reported is Extra Space, they reported a pretty good uptick in CofO pipeline for 2018. I know Life Storage just said they're out of the CofO deal market. So I don't expect them to report much, but I think for everyone the 2018 pipelines are still somewhat evolving.
Ron Havner: As John mentioned earlier, we have uptick marketing both television and Internet, so we're trying to drive more flow into the system.
Ron Havner: There's a channel shift key to mobile and the web from Rocket, and almost all customers are shopping the web before they're making a reservation. So by that process, you’re getting more customers through the web and therefore more customers are getting the so to speak web discount.
Ron Havner: Sure. Shurgard's same stores revenue was up 1.7%, expenses were down 2.6, same store NOI was up 4.8. Occupancies were down 90 bps 89.8 versus -- down to 89 and rates were up modestly. Best markets, France was up 5.3, Holland 7.7, and UK down 1.7, and Denmark down 1.2.
Ron Havner: I wouldn't read too much into it, gates are broken, the apartments get repaired, roads get fixed. So there's the baseline RNM and then there's things that need to get done on the spot. So I think the increase is 5 million bucks.
Ron Havner: Smedes, I would say if you look at where we are today, unemployment is about 4.5%, we're back down to where we were in 2007. So we’re going to drop to an unemployment rate of 3.5% nationwide I think that's a little hard and some markets have 2.5% to 3% unemployment rate. But I don't see that happening. And barring that, I don't know what's really going to improve things for the consumer. If levered up and everyone's employed and so, like I said, you're seeing in a variety of factors in terms of the stress that the average consumer is having.
Ron Havner: Sure. Los Angeles was up 7.5%. San Francisco, 5%. New York, 2.4%. Chicago, 0.3%. Miami, 2%. DC, 0.6%. Atlanta, 5%. Seattle, 6.6%. Houston, down 4.2% and Dallas, up 2.3%.
Ron Havner: Well, I'd say we're not buying much, so it's harder product to pencil, given the environment. If I talk about the acquisition environment as a whole, I'd say today, there's quite a gap between buyer and seller. We're not seeing much product come to market and the product that we are seeing is of lower quality. Not a lot of deals, transacting, It's a much different market than just a year ago where we were still in the, I would call it, the lay other stages of the feeding frenzy and that has certainly dissipated. People are much more cautious and as someone mentioned obviously, potential buyers are underwriting much more conservative, probably street rates as well as growth rates. So the acquisition environment overall has changed quite a bit over the last year.
Ron Havner: Michael, actually Q1, our promotional discounts were down slightly year-over-year about $700,000. But that’s in part rates were, as John touched on, basically flat and move in volume was down. So assuming move in volume picks up with respect due to television and Internet marketing, and I would expect the absolute dollar of move in discounts to increase.
Ron Havner: Well, Michael, the preferred market, if you recall post our 4.9% issuance last October, really backed up those issues traded down. We have seen some modest resumption of activity in the preferred market and interest rates have come back down post the Trump election. So we'll wait and see what happens, but I can tell you at the forefront, for John and I, in terms of capital allocation, we're always looking at, are we doing development, are we doing acquisitions that we'd be doing share repurchases. We're looking at that menu all the time.
Ron Havner: Well, as you can see from our balance sheet, we have tremendous financial flexibility to do whatever creates the most meaningful value for shareholders.
Ron Havner: And why do I say that Todd, well, we opened Jersey City 60 days ago, 4000 units, 10% occupied. We opened Red Hill down in Irvine, California little less than a year ago, 3000 units, it’s 55% occupied. So there's no change in customer behavior. Our volumes are still good across the platform, but just not as robust as they were. So when you start to think about why aren't they as robust, unemployment's flattening out and the customer -- our customer has a fair number of headwinds that they’re facing. But their use of storage is building.
Ron Havner: We don't track that, but we haven't seen any change. Our college properties are still behaving as our college properties, but we have commercial tenants around us. They're still behaving the same way, but in terms of absolute change, I couldn't tell you.
Ron Havner: Macro. Well, if you're a local developer or a regional developer and you've decided to build, you probably have created an infrastructure for yourself, you’ve hired site acquisition people, you’ve hired construction people, you've hired development people and you're developing and you've got this overhead. And more likely than not, given the way developers behave as you're going to continue to build until the capital dries up. Now, it has made sense for these local regional people to build because they are monetizing their developments, unoccupied at 1.5 to 2 times what it cost to build a product.  So if you're that person and you can monetize it at those multiples to cost, you're going to build as much as you can. The challenge then for that person is, as the market changes, as buyer expectations change and buyers dial back their -- the multiple of costs that they're willing to pay or don't even want to buy. As I mentioned, Life Storage just said we're out of that market. So as buyers kind of dissipate, then those developers are stuck with the product and they will build out, assuming they have the financial capability, they will build out the product, but then they will slow down and/or stop development.
Ron Havner: Well as long as you can do that, so the fundamental economics will take a back seat, so there was a self-storage convention, I think a month or month and a half ago and my guys told me, it was a record attendance. So I would say that and the word is develop, develop, develop. So I'd say we're a ways from the new product supply slowing down.
Ron Havner: Sure. Our largest market is Texas. Dallas and Houston where we've been developing for quite a while. Texas is, our pipeline is 5.2 million square feet. So Texas is half of that. California is about 1 million square feet. Colorado is 0.5 million. Ohio is 100,000. Florida is 300,000. Washington, state of Washington is 3. Seattle is 342,000. North Carolina's 170,000 and then it kind of spreads across a variety of other states.
Ron Havner: Well, this is stuff key, we have under construction. So we made a decision last year to build and so we bought the line and we're building.
Ron Havner: No, it's down. The street rate that we are asking today is down 8% versus the street rate we were asking last year.
Ron Havner: The increases, a few more district managers, some pay increases and then Joe Russell who's running operations is in that number. So he popped into that number I think in the third quarter of last year. So it'll be up year-over-year through the second quarter and then it will be moderate in the third and fourth quarter.
Ron Havner: Well, so the buyers are for the most part north of the trend line. Well, last year, deals were done at about 4 to 4.5 cap rates and I think we're back up to about 5.5 to 6. But again, Ryan, there's not a lot of product trading, so that's best guess number. There's not a lot of transactions to say, there's the number.
Ron Havner: Yeah. There's not enough transaction volume for me to say exactly what it is, but most -- buyer expectations were still at last year's cap rates and seller's expectations of what the purchase prices has changed. And so that gap is creating a slowdown in transaction volume.
Ron Havner: I would add that in the first quarter, there is generally a negative spread because the rental rates, the street rates are lower than they are as we head into the rental season, April, May, June, July, August. So as that plays out over the course of the year, that gap should close. We'll see whether move in rates achieve or exceed move out rates.
John Reyes: Todd, this is John, it's pretty - occupancy negative spreads has pretty much been consistent. What problem that we're experiencing aside from all the things that Ron touched upon is what that's resulting in for us is a softness in demand into our system. And we're spending more money to get to basically maintain this almost the same level of demand as we had last year. But one of the things that I wanted to point out is that at least with respect to the move out volumes, our move out volumes are pretty much still intact, the long-term tenant is still staying put. So it's really on the front end on the move in to try to backfill the vacates that we are experiencing softness in.
John Reyes: I think one of two things like happen either we'll try to re-stabilize the occupancy and move it back up, but that might may result in more discounting and lowering street rates. Right now, our street rates are up about 2% to 3%. We're discounting probably on par with where we were last year. So we're at the moment trying to hold rates and keep this level discounting at somewhat flat. But yes, it could get to a point where maybe we have to throw the towel in and start cutting rates and getting more occupancies, I mean get more discounts to stabilize the occupancy more.
John Reyes: I mean it’s hard to tell, I mean, every market is so different, for example, Sacramento, which is probably our best performing market right now, Street rates are up 10.3%. And then on the other extreme you have Houston down 8.1% and everything in between. So it's really on a market by market basis and we’ll just have to react as necessary to try to continue to maintain some level of revenue growth.
John Reyes: No, if it stays down at negative 8% for an extended period of time then yes, it continues to drive down revenue growth year-over-year.
John Reyes: Well I get it, if Houston stayed down 8% right now, I would expect that by the end of the year, we probably could be very close to 8% year-over-year reduction.
John Reyes: Yes. We do offer a discounted rate if somebody comes to us through our website, makes the reservation and then moves in. That discount could range anywhere from I think 5% to as high as 15%.
John Reyes: We're still evaluating that, something that's very high topic on our minds. So we're still looking at that right now.
John Reyes: And I don't recall what last quarter was, I mean that's where we are today. I could tell you like in January we were about up 1%, February we were up 4%, March we were up 3%, no we are about 2% to 3% somewhere in that neighborhood. It just it varies.
John Reyes: I don't have that split but I would be willing to bet that the majority, the vast majority of the people come to us are getting the web rate. Either they're getting it through our website or desktop website or a mobile website. Walk-in traffic has really shrunk over the years as the Internet as well as mobile has become more predominant in people’s everyday lives.
John Reyes: Well, last year we were doing 15% reduction and this year we're doing 15% reduction in the same thing. I mean that's what - I'm saying what the 3% - 2% to 3% would be. So that hasn't changed. I mean year-over-year the rates that we're telling you it's not worse than the 2% or 3%, even though we're getting more - we're doing the 15% discount because we're doing that last year. Do you mean the discount on the web, we've been doing that for years now, many years.
John Reyes: Yes, and that's why in the past I've talked about kind of disregarded Street rate, we’ve talked about move in rates because that's the more relevant metric. Is what are people actually moving in at after you take away whether they got a web discount or no discount. But I could tell you for the first quarter of this year compared to the first quarter of last year, the moving in rate was about flat and notwithstanding the fact they just told you that the rates were up about 2% to 3% end of Q1, the actual take rate was flat.
John Reyes: The other day I did a study of consumers coming into our New Jersey city property, which has very aggressive promotional rates and there is certainly a number of customers coming outside the historical three mile radius. We're getting people from the Bronx, from Brooklyn, from distant parts of New Jersey. So people are definitely migrating or figuring out a way to get to our Jersey City property. And we saw the same thing in Gerard when we opened that up.
John Reyes: So Los Angeles, which is our biggest market by far, which represents about 15% of our revenue was up 6.2%. San Francisco, 4.7%; New York was up 2.8%; Chicago, 2%; Miami was up 3.3%; Washington DC, 2.6%; Atlanta; 4.6%; Seattle, 6.7%; Houston was down 1.4% and Dallas was up 3.5%. Those were the top 10 markets we have.
John Reyes: Yeah. I think it would be much more helpful. So in the aggregate, the rent rollout between move ins and move outs first quarter of 2017 was about 1.09 million negative. That compares to about 700,000 negative roll down in Q1 of 2016.
John Reyes: We're still moving forward with the same strategies we’ve had since the past couple of years. I'll be much more cautious in terms of how we're doing it and testing the waters to make sure that we're not disrupting the length of stay in the long term tenant, but so far and it's really early, so far, nothing has led us to believe that we should change that strategy yet.
John Reyes: Yeah. Let me give you -- this is just with respect to our same store, so I don't have a whole -- so we kind of allocate to our same stores, but it's pretty close the whole so to speak. So calls into our call center were up about 1%. The inquiries into our website and combining our desktop and our mobile were actually down about 5%. Walk in traffic was down 9% year-over-year for the quarter.
John Reyes: It's a mix. Ryan, the first quarter last year, we had predominantly bought some properties in Florida and higher rate markets and then throughout the year, we were buying some properties at lower rate markets, for example in the fourth quarter, we bought portfolio properties in Oklahoma City, which is a lower rate market and the Florida market. So it's just truly just a mix, it’s not because we’re cutting rates in those particular properties.
John Reyes: I think that obviously we would like to see the street rates get much higher than what they are today and combined with increased move in volumes or at least move in volumes better able to offset the vacate. In terms of the vacate rate, we're starting to see a slowdown in the actual rental rate, the year-over-year rental rate that they're paying. So the Delta right now is, they will be now paying about 137 bucks a month versus last year they moved out paying about 134 bucks a month. So that’s about a $3 delta.  That delta has been narrowing, which is somewhat of a good thing, because it gives us a lower hurdle on the move in rate to cover. But still right now, it's about $13 negative delta between our move ins and our move out rates. So the move in rates is about 124 bucks a month. So that's the key, at least in my mind right now is to get those street rates up. But we also need to get them up with the additive moving volumes, so that we're not losing occupancy.
Ki Bin Kim: But I guess I asked that too simply. I guess what I meant was, how much time does it take to actually lead into the results where more reflects that minus 8% you think, will it take a couple of years or it can be like quick as a year.
Ki Bin Kim: John, I guess what I meant was on a year-over-year basis. I realize online is cheaper, but like it has one trended better than the other.
Ki Bin Kim: I was wondering if, given the kind of slot Texas is in, longer term it's not really that much of a concern, is that why you're comfortable doing Texas at this point.
