John Reyes: Hi, Ki Bin, this is John. All great questions. No, we did not change our strategy to let occupancy falls. So that wasn’t – something that was intended. We certainly would like to see Street rates maintain themselves and move higher because that’s important when it comes time to raising our rates to existing tenants or giving renewals. But that certainly was not the intent of what you saw there in the fourth quarter. So nothing’s change, the occupancies, obviously ebb and flow and what you saw in the fourth quarter was I think a little more move out activity than we had expected, but nothing more than that.
John Reyes: Yes, I – probably this is John. So, our discounts were up, in terms of dollar amounts were up about 1.5%, we give away about $19.9 million of discounts versus $19.6 million for the same quarter last year and this is for same-stores. Approximately 77% of our move-ins had some sort of discount and that compares to about 72% for the same quarter last year.
John Reyes: I mean Todd, we could easily close the occupancy gap, if we cut our rates and put it on TV and promoted more, so as Ron said it’s not just about the occupancy. So I’ve not focused on that gap or say, again we’re trying to drive our revenues higher create more cash flow per square foot is what we’re really trying to do.
John Reyes: I don’t know, what’s going to unfold in terms of what demand characteristics are going to look like or moved out characteristics for that matter.
John Reyes: I would say it was very similar to how we ended the year. I think we ended the year, but we have about 50 basis points lower.
John Reyes: Well, Street rates were about flat to up maybe 1% or 2%. We haven’t started sending out increases during for 2017 will begin that in a couple of months. But so far the tenant base that has been with the longer than a year hasn’t deteriorated. So it’s pretty much impact, which is a good thing. So the degradation in our occupancy as we discussed earlier is really more from some of the tenants that have been with us – or were only with us over the past six months.
John Reyes: Yes, I would agree with Ron. It depends on the market, I mean, Houston, P&R rates are probably down about 10% year-over-year whereas in Sacramento, California they’re probably up 10%. So it really depends on the market where the supply is coming from and how it’s affecting demand into our system. So we’ll modulate our rental rates accordingly.
John Reyes: Capital plans with respect to our preferred, specifically the redeemed the ones that will be become redeemable or redeemable over the course of 2017 will have almost 1.7 billion of preferreds that are a callable at our option, I think the average coupon is like 5.7% I think today George if we went out and tried to first off I don’t think we can issue $1.7 billion of preferred second, I think the coupon that if we could go out and do a preferred today is probably higher than 5.7%. So it’s certainly doesn’t make sense for us to call or refinanced preferreds that are callable now with new preferreds because all we are doing is just swapping rate and not really gaining anything. And I think probably what you’re kind of alluding to is what we issue unsecured debt to take out the preferreds we might – we might do some of that I wouldn’t say no to that. We can probably issue 30 year debt probably 100 basis points lower than that from what our preferreds are at 10 year maybe another 100 below that. So we’re looking at it, but we haven’t made any decision jet on how we’re going to do or what we’re going to do with those preferreds becoming callable.
John Reyes: The numbers that you just rattled off I mean that’s you know those are factually correct. And I do think they are good indicators so I think I would leave it at that without giving any of our – we don’t give forecasts as you know. But obviously the deceleration continues, because you could see that in the numbers. I would say this is that I think the degree of the deceleration is slowing down but I still think deceleration is happening in many, many markets that we operate in.
John Reyes: Gwen, this is John. So I’ll give you the top ten markets. So Los Angeles, I’m going to start with revenues. So Los Angeles was up 6.5%, San Francisco $4.9%, New York 3%, Chicago 2.5%, Seattle-Tacoma market for us is 8%, Washington DC 2.9%, Miami $4.4%, Dallas Fort Worth area 4.9%, Houston minus or negative 1.3%, Atlanta was up 6.5%. So that was revenues.
John Reyes: I am not sure you understand the question, Mike. But I think that what we’re going to experience just like everyone else is difficult comps going into Q2, Q3 at least for us we didn’t really see the deceleration start until probably April, May of last year. So Q1, Q2 of this year, we are still confidence against very tough comps only get around to Q3, Q4 we’ve already seeing decelerations of the comps, all the things being equal should be you know easier for us. I don’t know if that answered your question, Mike, but it doesn’t please rephrase.
John Reyes: Yes, we don’t know yet, Mike, I mean, the pull is the same but I’m not sure, at the end of the day those are going to be as sticky as they happen in the past. So I don’t want to say they’re not but I don’t know, I don’t know yet I am hoping they are sticky as they have in the past but we don’t know.
John Reyes: We have not, even though we have issued euro denominated debt, but we didn’t actually go to Europe and do that or with European investors for that matter. We issued that debt to U.S. insurance companies. I don’t think we would probably issue, go to Europe and issue euro denominated bonds. I think our next – if we do issue unsecured debt would be here in the U.S., it would be U.S. dollar loans.
John Reyes: I think 30-year were probably down in 4.5 or 6 and maybe 10 years probably like 3.6 kind of range, but to be honest with you I don’t have exact numbers, because we haven’t really talked to any bankers about that.
John Reyes: Yes, Michael this is John. So, we do have a lot of times tenants who are occupying a larger space will downsize or transfer as we call them internally into smaller sizes. So this past year about 70,000 folks basically downsized that compares to 70,000 last year too. So it was about – it is almost exactly the same.
Ron Havner: Ki, I would add that our strategy is not principally focused on maintaining high occupancies. Our strategy is growing revenue per available foot. So that’s managing volume, rate, promotional discounts, all three together to optimize the revenue per available foot that we have to lease.
Ron Havner: Ki, it’s – really it’s predicated on the market. If you look at the information released now that all the public self-storage guys have reported. If you take their CFO pipelines and we’re planning on delivering in 2017. Our best guess is about – for that group about 5.1 million, 5.2 million square feet. So that’s up about 25% from the 2016 deliveries. Now the current pipeline for 2018 is down, but I don’t believe that the 2018 pipeline is completed yet. I think people still will be working on the 2018 pipeline, in the first half of 2017. So we’re going to see – that looks like about a 25% increase in deliveries just from the public competitors and my guess is that whether the industry is 25 or 20 or 18, there’s a meaningful uptick in new deliveries 2017 versus 2016. But that – those deliveries are not uniformly spread across the country. And I would have to say at least in terms of dollar value it appears most is coming into the New York market, just in terms of absolute dollar amounts in terms of new deliveries. We don’t have anything coming into the New York market. We just opened Jersey City, but we don’t have anything coming into the market going forward. But CUBE and Extra Space appear to have a fair amount coming into that market. So obviously that market’s going to be faced with a lot of supply here in the next couple of years. The other market that kind of pops out is Portland, Oregon. We’ve seen that and we’ve seen a meaningful uptick in new supply there in Portland. We’ve already seen it in Austin, Denver. So it’s not uniform across the country.
Ron Havner: Yes, for the most part they’re leasing up, but I would say it’s too early to tell because normally in lease up we’re little more aggressive on rental rates and promotional discounts and so while they occupancy may be higher. It will be a year or two in terms of really understanding. Are we achieving the rental rates that we underwrote? But so far they seem to be doing pretty good.
Ron Havner: It really depends on the economics made, if you’re talking about a market like Houston, where construction costs have not come down, land prices have not come down, but rental rates are coming down. I would say future development in the near-term in terms of building our pipeline is probably limited. Same probably goes for Denver, we start building in Austin about 12 to 18 months ago for those very same reasons. But that doesn’t mean other markets such as Seattle, Miami, LA, don’t have deals to pencil and so we will continue to build as long as the economics over there. And then we have a wide variety of redevelopment opportunities at any one juncture. We’ve got 16 redevelopment opportunities in the pipeline and I would expect to see that grow into 2017.
Ron Havner: Well, the pipeline first quarter is pretty thin, but that’s consistent with prior years. So my guess is pricing will adjust, but just if nothing else due to changes and expectations of growth rates going forward. But we haven’t seen a lot of transactions clear here in the first quarter or even a lot of product on the market.
Ron Havner: Well, certainly there’s – if you take the extreme at the corporate tax rates of zero, you would say why you would be a REIT. And so has the corporate tax rate goes up, the incentive to become REIT gets greater. I think it’s a little premature to kind of comment on what we would do or not do since what the tax plan is, what’s going to happen to interest expense, what’s going to happen to deductibility of capital improvements will have a big impact in terms of what is the final taxable income. If we bought $700 million of – and developments and acquisitions last year and we got to detect that in the first year that we certainly change our perspective in terms of what our dividend policy is. So there’s a variety of moving parts that that would impact that final analysis in terms of what we would do.
Ron Havner: I will let John elaborate, but certainly a 25% increase in supply is a headwind to pricing power and certainly in the markets that I mentioned earlier where those deliveries are coming. I believe that will be a big headwind in terms of pricing power and may even and most likely, like in New York where you’ve got 20%,25% increase in supply over the next two years, probably rent roll down.
Ron Havner: Well, I think that third-party developers, as you’ve seen the expansion of the CFO [ph] pipelines from our public competitors I think there’s still a big development margin or incentive economic return for them to develop properties, given what appears to me the price per foot that are being paid for these CFO deals versus our best guess of what we could develop product for in those markets. So as long as that big spread to develop product for in those markets. So as long as that big spread – in other words as long as people are willing to pay retail price is at the property stabilized versus what it costs to build, I think there’s real economic incentive for them to continue. With respect to us, we don’t have a per say, we’re going to build $200 million or build $300 million in this year. It’s really predicated on what are the opportunities. And they could be in LA, as I mentioned or Seattle or redevelopment opportunities. But we have our teams pretty well built out, we’ve got a good team, we’ve got some seasoned young adults, so we can go in a variety of directions with respect to our development teams, and if deals don’t make sense and we’re not going to build in that market.
Ron Havner: Sure, Shurgard same-store NOI was up 9.8% and that was due to 3% revenue growth, and 5.7% reduction in expenses mainly from various adjustments and lower marketing year-over-year. So 9.8% best performing market was Holland up 22% and the worst was the UK down 5%.
Ron Havner: I will give you NOI. NOI Los Angeles 7.6%, San Francisco 5.7%, New York down 2%, Seattle up 8.3%, Washington DC up 1.2%, Chicago up 12.5%, Miami 0.8%, Dallas up 8.6%, Atlanta 10.6%, and Houston down 3.2%.
Ron Havner: I think they were pretty good, but last year we and San Francisco and LA we had – LA had 7.3% revenue growth that’s down to 6.5% and San Francisco at 6.6% it’s down to $4.9%. Still great growth numbers, but the there’s no way we could continue with 7% or 8%
Ron Havner: Landon, my guess is expenses will be somewhere in the 3% to 4% range with the caveat that winter is not over so snow is always a variable. And the other variable is advertising expense. And my guess is we will be doing more advertising in 2017 than 2016. But that is a month by month decision. So I can’t tell you what’s going to be for the year, but my guess is it will be higher than it was last year, so kind of core expense growth 3% to 4%, the biggest driver of which is property taxes which is going to be 4.5% to 5% again.
Ron Havner: Well. Sometimes there is new supply added to one of our properties, a new development or whatever but it’s on a backstreet or it’s not well-managed or not built properly. And it really does not impact us. So as long as we are seeing the move in volume and the rates are holding, we don’t do anything. And then other times a new competitor will come into the market and maybe cut off the street. And so we have to be more aggressive in terms of our pricing and promotion. So it’s a property by property kind of reaction to what is happening. We do not sit back and say, okay, Houston is going to have 2 million square feet delivered and therefore, our rental rates, we’re going to cut our rental rates by 10%. That’s not the way we manage the revenue. It is property by property, space by space.
Ron Havner: Well. Generally our customer base is in three to five-mile radius. And so that’s while we focus on – so when we do development or even do acquisitions, we look at the level of competition within the trade area, the household incomes, the densities, what’s the population growth and especially on developments, what we knows in the hopper in terms of other people developing product and what is our guest in terms of what that’s going to do in terms of competition per person in that marketplace.
Ron Havner: Yes. The development group goes to the pricing group and gets the pricing by space size for that particular submarket. So there is kind of a independence check and balance right the pricing group versus the development group. And that’s what they use and then we underwrite to a 90% occupancy even though we tend to operate higher than that we underwrite to a 90% occupancy and we do not include tenant insurance or merchandizing that number.
Ron Havner: The relationship between square foot occupancy and unit occupancy is pretty consistent year-over-year. And so that would tell me that there’s been no shift. If you have sometimes you’ll see in a property a big difference between the unit occupancy and the square foot occupancy. So you’re selling out of your big units right way and so there is a big difference between the two. But the relationship over time those ratios really haven’t changed in the last – I have not seen them quite a while.
Ron Havner: Overall if you look at our development pipeline, it’s certainly larger than the properties we built 10 or 15 years ago. But we do not – in the real estate group we do not sit down and say, okay, we want to target 100,000 square feet or 150,000 square feet. It’s really predicated on the opportunity. So like the Jersey City building, we said okay, can we do 250,000 square foot in that particular location, can we build it out, does it make economic sense. If the building had been half that size and something else had been joined it, we do the same underwriting analysis and so we’d have 125,000 square foot properties instead of a 250,000 square foot property. And the same goes for the land lots in terms of being in particular submarket, how big is the lot, what is the zoning, can we go, do we have to stay single story, can we get three story or four story in that particular jurisdiction. So there is a lot of things that influence the particular size of the property other than just absolute – can we go as big as we can. That makes sense.
Ron Havner: A lot of jurisdictions won’t let us go above three stories and we like to build five stories because the zoning is very restrictive. But we can’t get more than three stories.
Landon Park: Hi, every one this is Landon Park on for Vikram. Just wanted to touch base if you can give us any sense on the expense side for the 2017 any one time items we should be aware of or the cadence there.
Landon Park: Okay. That is helpful. Thanks for that color. And then just one more, just from a philosophical standpoint on new supply coming online, how do you guys have your systems set up to react to that at any given market.
Landon Park: Okay. And have you guys seen any changes in trade areas or how do you guys think about the average trade area for your properties.
