John Reyes: Thank you, Clem. As outlined in our press release, our fourth quarter core FFO per share is $1.45, compared to $1.33 last year, a 9% increase. Three items drove this growth. First, our Same Stores' net operating income increased by 4.2%, or approximately $11 million, representing $0.06 per share. Second, we redeemed fixed-rate securities in 2010, with available cash that added $0.03 per share. Third, properties acquired in 2010 added another $0.02 per share. Our Same Stores' net operating income benefited from higher revenues of 2.4%, along with lower operating expenses of 2.1%. Operating expenses were lower due to a decrease in property taxes and amortizing expenses, partially offset by higher repairs and maintenance expenses. Property taxes were lower due to refunds and lower assessments. These adjustments resulted in a decline of $5 million. We expect property taxes will be 3% higher in 2011 than last year. Advertising expenses were lower due to a decrease in yellow pages and television, offset in part by higher Internet costs. Repairs and maintenance costs were higher, primarily due to higher snow removal costs. FFO from our investment in Shurgard Europe declined approximately $1 million, principally caused by the conversion ratio of euros to dollars, which was 8% lower. We retained approximately $100 million of our operating cash flow during the quarter. At year end, our cash and marketable securities were over $500 million. During February of 2011, we paid off a $103 million, 7.75% unsecured note, having an effective interest rate of 5.7% for accounting purposes. This repayment will reduce our annual interest expense by approximately $6 million. With that, I will now turn it over to Ron.
John Reyes: Let me see if I understand your question. I'm going to have to try to answer it. And if I'm not answering your question, please interrupt me. Our rates are about -- I would say during the fourth quarter, we were running about 4.5% higher, and I know I'm talking about the street rates. So move-in volumes were coming in at about 4% to 4.5% higher than they were higher last year during the fourth quarter. As we move into the first quarter of this year, our rates are still higher, although we're keeping them conservative as we've discussed in the past. And we are now starting to send our rental rate increase letters to our existing tenants. We started sending those letters out with effective dates of February of this year. And we've already sent, obviously, March, and we're sending them out for April now, whereas last year, we did not send out letters until an effective date of May. So we're ahead of last year in terms of sending our letters out. And we're also slightly ahead of last year in terms of the amount of increase, the percentage of increase in rates that we are applying to those letters.
John Reyes: Todd, well, Ron kind of touched on the potential volume difference, which is -- we generally don't send letters out unless the customer has been here with us for 12 months. And as Ron mentioned, the aging of our tenant base, at least as of 12/31 was 56% versus 54.8% last year. So we have a positive volume variance. In addition to that, I think we've talked about in the past that we plan on being more aggressive than we were last year. And in fact, we are becoming more aggressive on the percentage increase as we move forward.
John Reyes: Jay, we have two series of preferreds that are at 7.25% that become callable at our option sometime during this year, one in May and one in August. And if we could go out and issue preferreds at a nice spread below that, we will do that to take them out. But I think if I understand your point, the capital market activity that we've experienced in terms of benefiting our FFO is going to diminish as we move forward, because there aren't that many more preferred series out there that we can call at a positive spread. There isn't another equity stock Series A that we can call. So it's really putting the capital to work that we currently have on balance sheet and the organic growth that we have embedded in our existing same-store pool of properties. And that's going to drive our growth as we move forward.
John Reyes: Tayo, street rates, they're all over the board depending on what market we're talking about. In our better-performing markets, which is the Northeast, street rates are much higher in this year than they were last year. And obviously, in our tougher markets there, we may even be backwards compared to last year. But overall, as a portfolio, as I mentioned earlier, our rates during the fourth quarter were up about 4.5% versus last year. They continue to be up as of yesterday compared to last year. But we're going to be conservative on the street rates, and we're really going to focus in a little bit more on the existing tenant increases that we sent out. And as we've mentioned, a little over half of our portfolio we expect to be sending increases over the next few months. And those increases that we are sending out are higher than the percentage increases that we were sending out last year. If you recall, in past conference calls, I mentioned that I thought we were too conservative last year in our increases. Well, we are rectifying that this year.
John Reyes: Mike, the bank market in Europe is, I would say, probably still not as good as here in the U.S., but nonetheless improving. It's not at the point yet where we think we can refinance the loan either through banks or through the public -- issuing public debt. But we continue to monitor that, and it's possible that before the maturity date of March of 2013, that the loan does get refinanced. Don't know yet, but there's a reasonable possibility that it could be.
John Reyes: Well, but not as a result of anything of that so-called test, only because we have more tenants that fit the 12-month length of stay period of time this year than last year.
John Reyes: Paula, you almost stumped us there. We had to look at Todd [ph] for that answer. He whispered to me that it has to do with a parcel of land that we had for sale and we wrote it down to what we think the sales price for that land is, which was less than what the carrying value was.
John Reyes: Jordan, this is John. The ranges that you indicated are very similar to the ranges that we are experiencing on the letters that we have been sending out over the past two months, which is higher than last year.
John Reyes: Well, as I've indicated, they're higher than last year, and hopefully they will continue to be higher. We don't know that, it's going to depend on the reaction our tenant base reacts -- I guess, their reaction to these increases, as well as to holding our occupancy. Remember, we still want to maintain a certain level of occupancy. So we've indicated that we'll be conservative on pricing to new incoming tenants, and we would be more aggressive on increases to the existing tenant base, which is kind of the strategy we've outlined over the past couple quarters when we had conference calls. So we're continuing that strategy. The increases that we have been sending out are in the eight-ish range, 8% to 9% range, and that compares to all of last year, where we were around the 5.5% to 6% range increase.
John Reyes: I didn't say, but I told you in the fourth quarter, it was about 4.5%. And it probably remained very similar into January and February of this year.
Ronald Havner: Thank you, John. Our pricing and promotional strategies worked well during the quarter. We rented nearly 13,000 more units in Q4 compared to last year, or a 7% increase. This is offset by higher move-outs of 15,000 customers. For all of 2010, we rented about 22,000 more units, offset by 2,000 more move-outs resulting in 20,000 more net customers. Our spread in year-over-year occupancy at December 31 remains healthy at 1.5% compared to 1.7% at September 30 and 1.1% at June 30. Same Store revenues per available foot grew by 2% in Q4, compared to 1% in Q3. At the end of January, both occupancy and in-place rents were higher than the prior year. Asking or street rents were also above last year during January. Going into the prime rental season, we are in solid position with higher occupancy and rental rates. 19 of our 20 largest U.S. markets achieved positive year-over-year revenue growth in the fourth quarter, compared to 16 in Q3 and only six in Q2. The Washington, D.C., Baltimore market lead the country at 5.1%, followed by New York at 4.6%. Los Angeles, our largest market, grew by 0.1% in Q4, compared to a decline of 0.7% in Q3. The Florida and Georgia markets were also our most improved, sequentially growing by 2.6%, up from 0.1% in Q3. Our net customer acquisition costs were lower, primarily due to higher move-in volumes, lower marketing costs and higher rental rates. Going into the first quarter, we expect our immediate spend will be comparable with last year. In Europe, Same Store top line growth continues to improve. Higher asking rates were offset in part by lower occupancy, leading to 2% revenue growth in Q4. Net operating income was equal to last year despite higher advertising and property taxes. Property acquisition activity in the U.S. accelerated nicely in 2010, and we expect this trend to continue into 2011. For all of 2010, we've closed out 42 properties totaling 2.7 million square feet for approximately $240 million. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Ronald Havner: Ki, this is Ron. At the end of the year, we had about 56%, 57% of our customers -- 56% of our customers have been in the portfolio greater than a year. And that compares to 54.8% that have been in the portfolio at the end of 2009.
Ronald Havner: Our dividend philosophy hasn't changed. We increased the dividend last year as a result, as you mentioned, of the increase in taxable income. So we were basically forced increase the dividend, and that would be the same going into 2011. As our taxable income increases, we'll adjust the dividend accordingly.
Ronald Havner: Yes, it's hard for me to say what's going to happen in May, June or July. Our advertising decisions are pretty much made month-by-month, although we have a sense of maybe trajectory-wise where things might be going. But we won't know really how the second quarter is going to pan out until we have our first quarter earnings call, and we'll update you on that. We've changed our mix of advertising this year a little, both in waiting, frequency, number of markets. And so we're actually getting more advertising this year for every dollar we spend than we did last year. And that's helping us in markets that we traditionally would not do advertising in.
Ronald Havner: Jay, as I touched on in my comments, last year we did $240 million plus activities. I think we bought $15 million, $20 million in Q1 of this year. I think you've seen the other public self-storage companies all bought properties, I believe, in Q4. So that compares to no one buying anything in Q1 of last year. So acquisition activity has accelerated during 2010, it continues to be robust into 2011. So I think you'll see higher overall acquisition activity in 2011 versus 2010, just because more and more product is coming to the market and it gets better every quarter.
Ronald Havner: No. Lukas, if you recall, we sold that in March of '08, and we used a fair amount of that capital in the fourth quarter of '08 and first quarter of '09 to buy back a fair amount of our preferred stock and debt. Cash is kind of fungible, so we've had capital flows in and out, we've retained cash flow. But a good chunk of that cash was used to -- in hindsight, they take tremendous advantage of the illiquidity in the preferred markets. And we earn double-digit returns, cash-on-cash on that capital deployment. So it was great timing in terms of the transaction, and we felt very comfortable taking advantage of the illiquidity in the preferred market, given our strong liquidity position at that time.
Ronald Havner: Yes, we did send out some letters during the winter, not a whole lot, just to kind of stick our toe in the water and see what the results would be. We were quite pleased with that. But for the most part, I think our planned schedule is kind of reverting back and trying to get all of our letters out during the period of February through the point of probably August would the last thing. So we would still pick up some people who may not have been here a full year, we would pick them up in August. For example, we might pick up people in October, November -- moved in October, November of 2010, and give them an increase in August. So although kind of the rule of thumb for us is 12 months, we will pick up some of those people. So we'll probably still avoid the winter months of sending out letters, but try to get all of our letters out before the end of summer.
Ronald Havner: Before, Mike, I try to address the loan, this is not the first time Public Storage has loaned PS Business Parks money. It's probably the fourth or fifth time over the -- let's see, PSB has been public about 12, 13 years. It's probably the fourth or fifth time and each time, the arrangements basically is the same. What does PSB pay on its credit line, what is Public Storage earning on its cash, we split the difference, and that's basically the terms of the loan. So I would just interpret it as we're long on cash, they could use some cash, and it's a win-win for our shareholders and it's a win-win for their shareholders.
Ronald Havner: Yes, the thing with Europe we've got to get fixed over there is the balance sheet and getting them to a position to where they can kind of self-fund that and do it with external capital, and get into a position to where they can establish their own borrowing with third-party lenders and repay the Public Storage loan. And where the lending market is, John touched on it earlier in terms of Europe, it's not as good as it is here in the U.S., and on a company-only basis, for Shurgard to go out and try to refinance the Public Storage loan on its basis, it's a little bit overleveraged. I think debt-to-EBITDA over there on a standalone is north of 6x, and we need to get it down into the 4x to 4.5x range. So their plan and what they're doing is paying down the Public Storage loan, as well as improving store operations will give them kind of a crossover period of hopefully a year or two where they'll be able to go out and refinance that debt, and then be able to self-generate capital for development.
Ronald Havner: Well, I think depending on how you calculate it in terms of the cost of common equity, I think part of what you have to put in that number is growth.
Ronald Havner: Well, like I said, I don't want to get too far out here in terms of the value of common versus the preferred. But I think one of the things that you have to put in the calculation on the common is the growth rate on the earnings, not just a point-in-time AFFO calculation. At least that's what we do. I'm not saying you have to do, but at least that's what we do on our thinking.
Ronald Havner: Well, Ross, 20 years is a long time. 20 years ago, we didn't have the pricing, we didn't have a central pricing group, we didn't have anywhere near the pricing analytics that we have today. So to kind of benchmark 20 years ago to today is a little apples and oranges. So I really can't make that comparison of 20 years ago. What I can tell you is over the last 20 years, there's been, unfortunately, for us a lot of supply come into the market, so it's made the market place more competitive certainly than it was 20 years ago. That's the negative. And we've seen that in kind of the severity of the downturn, although our product type performed far better than most other food groups and real estate. We saw that in the downturn and now you're seeing the recovery. The big picture positive is there's virtually no new supply coming into the markets, there hasn't been for a year or two. And the outlook is pretty weak going forward, at least at this juncture. So as I think about that absence of new supply coming through the downturn, where we are positioned in various markets, I'm feeling relatively optimistic for our growth for the next couple of years in terms of an organic growth. And as I touched on earlier, in terms of acquisition opportunities, there's still a lot of properties that have to get worked through with the lenders that were overleveraged. And so there's a kind of a forced acquisition pipeline that's going to be coming our way over the next three to five years. So acquisitions, as well as pretty solid, organic growth, I'm feeling pretty good about our business.
