Joe Russell: Thanks, Ryan and thank you all for joining us. This quarter we continued to see the resiliency of our business in the face of the supply pressure impacting the self storage industry. Before we open the call for question, I want to highlight that we have lined up the timing of our earnings release our 10-Q in this call. We feel that our 10-Q addresses a number of questions and data points that some of you have requested and this will ensure the full disclosure package is in everyone's hands. Our Q, particularly the MD&A section is detailed so please continue to look at that document as the guide to how we evaluate the status of the business. Now I would like to open up the call for questions.
Joe Russell: Juan, unfortunately, I missed the very first part of your question. But if you’re talking about our outlook and view of supply -- but it was the context of the question was, so let me give you little bit of color on what we see. And that’s both deliveries and the timing that it would take -- typically take place as we know in our business. With any given delivery there's plus or minus a three year lease up on a per property basis. So 2017 and 2018, we expect very similar, if not elevated, levels of deliveries this year over last. Going into ’19, there is some commentary and data out there that potentially points to a slowdown in deliveries. But realistically that, to some degree, is just the way the development business works, some of the things that can prolong or delay deliveries include timing tied to entitlement approvals or permit approvals. There could also be delays again based on any particular developers’ view of market conditions, cost tied to either labor or materials, particularly steel in the case of self-storage properties. But all that said, we’re still in an environment more often than not and market-to-market where developers are still seeing healthy returns when they can build the property that ultimately will yield anything from the 8% to 9% return and potentially flip it for five or six. And whether those development margins are more extreme or elevated at say 80% or even taper down in half, there is still a lot of people out there and capital that’s putting development dollars into the cycle. The thing that may happen that we would certainly look as a positive is with some of the potential headwinds tied to either the amount of supply hitting markets some of the pro forma being changed, maybe some pushback from lenders and frankly, just expectations to the overall return to properties, there could be some slow down but too hard to see. And our view is, again, the amount of capital that continues to want to be placed in this sector elevated, it's still a business that continues to produce very good returns on a property-by-property basis, and the development cycle is still with us. So with that, I really don't have a lot more specific color other than we'll continue to track and see what we see throughout our markets going into 2019.
Joe Russell: Todd, there is definitely some anecdotal impressions we get through a variety of conversation that we have with a lot of groups out there. One of the things that add to that is the dialog we’re actually having on a reverse enquiry basis where we are seeing more entitles land parcels coming to us through owners that were planning on taking a property through a development cycle and have now decided not to do. So that would include circumstances like I alluded to where again they’ve either shifted down their expectations from a rental rate and/or time to occupy the property, interest rates, they haven’t move materially but certainly, the opinion out there is that they’re likely to increase. There is likely more pressure coming from interest rate cost. And with that I think there is some tapering down from a dialogue standpoint that again there could be either delays or intentional movement away from the level of full deliveries that’s statistically were predicted for 2019. I can’t tell you it going to be down 10%, 50% but there could be some of that in the mix. And again with other elements at hand again with construction costs, there’s market-to-market around labor and anecdotal, as I mentioned. Again, I think there is some rethinking relative to the pool of developers that were one, or two, or three years ago, just looking at everything being completely full steam ahead. They could build these properties, flip them very quickly, not worry about achieving pro formas and now all of a sudden there’s a little bit more review and/or nap going on, which I think holistically is very good, our overall industry and is good market-to-market. But I couldn’t tell you it’s really something that’s become just yet so we’ll have to see how those play forward.
Joe Russell: So obviously, we can begin with something that we talked to you in the past, which is the way that we hold properties in or not into same-store. So there likely is some GAAP of performance tied to that. There could be market-to-market distinctions, based on location of assets. And again, you would also need to take a look at levels of occupancy and market-to-market what’s going on there. And then clearly, our goal has always been to maximize revenue per square foot on a per property basis. So even though in some markets, you may look at those distinctions like we highlighted, we would also want you to take a look at what's trending and it’s all reported. Again, peer-to-peer, the cash flow per market that takes place across our various portfolios. And I think you there would see a distinct difference. Now you mentioned Chicago, we talked about Chicago it's one of our toughest markets. And for many reasons not supply as much but more economic and overall migrations either out or not flowing into that particular Metro area has continued to be a tough market. So in that case, there's definitely more of a factor there. DC, a little bit more supply coming into the market. But again, as you mentioned Chicago for us has been a market, we’ve talked to now for several quarters, it’s one of our weakest.
Joe Russell: So we continue to invest and optimize all the things that we do to attract and learn about customer behavior. So there are many things that are proprietary that we continue to do that we don't talk thoroughly or transparently about. But we clearly have a number of committed initiatives that continue to enhance our ability to attract and find what we feel are good quality customers, and customers that we think to our locations well and that again lead us to being able to do many things on a per property basis. We have now fully integrated a new point-of-sale system that took us several years to develop that was integrated and fully implemented across the company at the end of 2017. So not only is that a more vibrant system, but it's giving us much more clarity relative to the things that we can do to enhance customer experience and customer knowledge. So from a focus and technology standpoint, we continue to do a variety of things. And we continue to see good traction from both investment and our techniques that comes from that.
Joe Russell: Steve, just as you said, we obviously launched in and made the announcement that we're going to go into the third-party management business earlier in the year. I'd say overall, we've been very pleased with the reaction and frankly, it's been better than expected. Pete Panos has now hired his team. So we have a team around Pete that focuses down on business development, customer relations and brand integration. Up until this point, the efforts that we've had have been primarily tied to dealing with reverse enquiries, which has been strong and healthy. And we really haven't even started our major outbound initiatives yet but that's coming. The point we're at right now is we have 48 signed properties and the program and the backlog continues to grow. And if you combine that with our 26 legacy properties that we've run for several years, we've now got 74 properties in the program. What we're seeing is -- again, a lot of the strong reaction tied to the value of our brand. The amount of consistent cash flow and revenue we do produce on a per property basis, because I can tell you owners are very fixated on that. They also like the scale and market knowledge that we have market-to-market. And our ongoing capabilities again, that we continue to drive through our technology, just like you were asking. So overall the program’s off to a great start and we're encouraged by what we're going to be able to see going forward.
Joe Russell: George, I'll talk to maybe holistically the entire pool that we're dealing with. So not surprisingly but encouragingly, we are seeing a variety of different types of situations come to us. So it includes properties that are in development. It includes properties that are currently flagged by other operators, both public and private. And it includes operators that are just running the properties themselves, so we're seeing a good combination. And as I mentioned, this has really been without us actually going intentionally out to markets yet in an outbound way. So again out of the gates, we've had very good strong reaction from a good collection of different types of situations. We are pleased with the quality of the assets that are coming into the pool. And we think, based again on what we're seeing right now, we can fold them into operational platform pretty easily. And again, that's another advantage that many of these owners look to right out of the gate once we again put the Public Storage brand on the property.
Joe Russell: I really couldn’t tell you George that there is fee change that would lead you to say now -- into either secondary or more markets because frankly we have a very fragmented industry as a whole. And there are developers out there [Technical Difficulty] of the countries that are looking to build this type of product. So I think the currents that are out there is no question in some of the more highly urbanized market that’s going to be more difficult entitlement situations, land is not going to be available. Again, more headwinds that you’re going to hit there, whether as storage facility can be built on a particular site because of pressure and community relative to caps and the amount of storage products that might be already in place, those properties typically are going to be more expensive. But again I wouldn’t tell you there is any overall fee change in where the overall development is happening, because again, it continues to be pronounced.
Joe Russell: So this disconnect between what seller expectations and buyer pro formas or buyer expectations are still wrong, so based on that we’re not seeing a healthy or high level of trading that’s going on out there. So there really hasn’t been much of a change. So cap rates for the most part are relatively in the same type zone, they hover around say a 5 or so handle. And again, we’re not really seeing a lot of volume coming into the market. Now what we’ve done in this environment, both last year and this year, is we continue to look at opportunities where we can buy really good properties at good values, we’re able to round out our presence. And a number of markets where we’d like to have more scale. More recently this year, you’ve seen us do it with some of the one off acquisitions and communities like Louisville, Omaha, Columbia, South Carolina, you saw in our press release we’ve got 14 properties under contract. Those 14 properties totaled about [$95 million] a little over 840,000 square feet. Again same thing as part of that portfolio does or part of that whole group of properties does include a small portfolio in Minneapolis. But again, we’re not seeing a new range or a healthy level of portfolio volume getting traded right now.
Joe Russell: If you look at the Q on page 45, we have a little bit more color on some of the activity that we have and our expansion efforts. And one of the things that we've been able to do since we started our development program in 2013 as opportunities have evolved in our own portfolio, we’re starting to shift even more dollars into redevelopment and expansion. So again on page 45, it’s actually footnote A, you can see what we highlighted relative to some of the demolished properties that we’ve touched this year, which total about 665,000 square feet and rentable square footage. And over the next 18 months, we’ve got another 150 or so thousand. So that pool as we speak today is a little over 800,000 square feet. So to put a little color on that and give you a view of how we look at that economically, so if you look about 800,000 square feet, on an annual basis that generates about $8.2 million in NOI. Now, we’re taking that 800,000 pool property set and expanding it almost by 4, little over 4 times to 3.9 million square feet. We’re investing $364 million into those properties expansion. And if you compare the yields that we continue to see on our mainline development program where ultimately we can get these properties conservatively into say an A or higher yield, that pool alone once stabilized is going to generate instead of $8.2 million in NOI, it will generate if you assume a 5% or if you assume an 8% to 10% yield, you’re going to see $55 million NOI level, so again very strong and healthy level of continued performance and opportunity. And Eric, we’ve just begun to look at this and with the amount properties that we've got throughout many markets, we think we’ve got good long term opportunities with that pool.
Joe Russell: So it’s a little bit, I wouldn’t say everywhere, but we were encouraged because some of the areas that make most sense is where we can easily just again add a facility to a property without touching existing inventory or existing building. So in many markets say with some of our legacy assets, we might have extra land and/or parking area that's pretty simple to expand and convert. And then in other areas that you take one we just finished up in Milpitas up in the Silicon Valley again same thing, but it's an infill location. Literally, we could never buy that property again, because again, there is no land available in that market. And if it were to become available, it would trade us something extreme. So we've got those pockets of opportunities throughout the portfolio. So again, we’re encouraged by what we can continue to do long-term in many of our markets.
Joe Russell: There is some seasonality and the difference between our move-in rates and our move-out rates. And if you go back several years you’ll see that seasonality play out. I think if you go back -- looking back longer term, I think there was a quarter back in 2015 where we rolled up in the difference between move-ins and move-outs. But for the most part, you do see some rent roll down for some of the reasons you highlighted. As I mentioned earlier, we did see good traction on move-ins with our reduced rate in the month of June and the end of May, and that certainly contributed to the rent roll down increase year-over-year. But as you point out, last year we saw rent roll down as well. So it's a component of our revenue, which is balanced with the revenue benefit from the stickiness of our existing tenant base and the existing tenant rate increase that we do send out.
Joe Russell: So that's a pretty dynamic judgment that’s made on a very local basis, and that depends on both the traffic, the characteristics of that local market and its response, both in the past and in current to those different tools that we have in our toolkit. So I don’t I'll talk about that at a high level, but just say that that's a property-by-property judgments that is made through our technology and our systems. And they are certainly integrated, i.e. moving the levers between discounting, lower asking rates, high channel pricing and advertising, are all different tools we have in our toolkit.
Joe Russell: There is a couple that we’ve talked about in last quarter or two. Portland, Oregon for instance, has number of deliveries coming in to that market. And Nashville is another market that we’re keeping a close eye on; again, a lot of vibrancy from an overall MSA standpoint but development too. So we’re tracking the outset of deliveries, particularly in those two markets and keeping a close eye on them. Portland in particular, hasn’t seen a lot of development in several years but for a number reasons there are a lot of properties that began -- are predicted to start. Again, goes back to that same thing that I talked about at the beginning of the call, which is even though some of these properties are being tracked, you really don't know clearly when they’re going to start until they do. But Portland is definitely one that we’re keeping a close eye on.
Joe Russell: No, I mean, we're early into this, Hong. So again we are definitely looking at the business as something that's got a lot of vibrancy. The other platforms have done well in the business and we'll see how the entire business changes now that we're involved in it as well. But I couldn't tell you directly if we’ve seen anything change directly and what we hear and know so far relative to what strategies or programs that they're either running or changing. So couldn't tell you that yet.
Joe Russell: Well that's going to depend, situation-by-situation. From what we understand over time that has been some interplay, both within the public operators and even the private operators. There are a number of private or party operators to. So the timing of that depends on a lot of things. It depends on the owners’ desire, how quickly they would want to make the change; again, are there implications tied to changing personality properties; again, it could take anywhere from a couple of months to several.
Joe Russell: Spot occupancy is similar from a trend standpoint to prior year today as it was at the end of the quarter, as I highlighted occupancy improved through the quarter. So looking at the average occupancies through the quarter, you had April and May, down 60 to 70 basis points in June, finishing down roughly 30 basis points on an average basis and we're seeing similar in July. So occupancy trends have continued to be more favorable as we’re going through 2018.
Joe Russell: I think looking at this quarter and going back in time the expense line item that is likely the most pressure as we go through the year as property taxes. And you saw in the quarter property taxes up 5.5% that’s an area where both state and local governments are driving increases in assessments and we’d expect that to continue as we go through the year here. So we disclosed in our queue that we’d expect that to continue. I think beyond that -- I think the puts and takes clearly focused on expense management and other areas. And so we’ll look at expense in general plus or minus 3% as we got clearly -- in the first quarter, we were a little above that, second quarter we were little bit below that, but that’s a fair number.
Joe Russell: So we did receive a dividend and in terms of rationale for that dividend and the drivers there, the cash reform that was passed at the end of last year required us in 2017 to recognize income associated with our international operations like other multinational companies. That is at an advantage grade, so from a taxable income standpoint, there is an advantage to that recognition but we needed to recognize that in 2017. So this cash dividend is in effect the cash associated with that income and we took our 49% share and our partner took the remainder.
Joe Russell: Smedes, that’s going to vary market-to-market but again [Technical Difficulty], say in 2017 so nationally around $3.5 billion. Our own development program was about $300 million. This year development activities likely to be around $4 billion, our development platform is going to be about $400 million. So again, if not a significant percentage and the thing that we will continue to take advantage of though, is we may in certain markets be a higher percentage of the development activity, but more often not that’s intentional that’s a good thing. Meaning, we’ve got one of these infill sites, whether it’s an own property that we’re expanding or we’ve been able to get hold of a great piece of property. But we continually look at the competitive activity that’s going on in a particular submarket, the competition ratio, again population dynamics, all those things. And we put a lot of analysis into the way we make those decisions to literally launch, whether it’s a new development or redevelopment property.
Tom Boyle: The Street rates in the quarter were down roughly 4%. As we've talked about in the past and as we disclose in the 10-Q review, take rates or moving rates as more meaningful. So as you saw in the 10-Q that we filed last night, the move-in rates on a per square foot basis were down 2% in the quarter. Between second quarter and first quarter, we did lower our rates high volumes during our kick-off to summer sale. And we were pleased by the demand response from the customer base during that sale versus prior years. Though, breaking the quarter down by month, April and May, we're down roughly 2% so similar to the first quarter performance. And then we clearly decided to lower rates during the sale to drive customer response. On a holistic basis looking at move-in revenue, so both the amount of space leased as well as the rate that contract rent for all move-ins was down 8% year-over-year in the second quarter. But the flipside was that the contract ramp in aggregate so again, volume and rate for move-outs, was down 3.6% and that was driven by reduction in move-out activity. So that just continues to point existing customer base, stickiness and stability that we've talked about. And that's continued here as we've gone through the second quarter and into the third quarter as we send out our existing tenant rate increases. So speaking of move-ins and move-outs on a volume basis, occupancy trends improved because of the difference between move-in volumes and move-out volumes. So that's a good trend. The occupancy ended the quarter down 100 basis points and down 60 basis points on average, which compares to down 90 basis points on average in the first quarter. So we did see some occupancy improvement through the second quarter on a sequential basis.
Tom Boyle: So I would call July trends very consistent with what we saw in the second quarter, both in terms of occupancy and rate, so nothing really to highlight there. I think in terms of moving through the summer, clearly, we’ll continue to monitor our existing tenant base and how they’re accepting the rental rate increases. So far to-date, they continue to demonstrate the stickiness that we’ve observed in the second quarter. And as it relates to pricing and promotion, that’s something we obviously dynamically adjust. But we’ve historically continued to offer dollar special discounts through the summer period and then sprinkling in sales as well. So we’d expect to do that similar to how we’ve done it over the past several years.
Tom Boyle: So that is a metric that we've pointed to over past calls as a sign of -- at the last day of the quarter where contract rents are and where occupancy is, so the most recent data points. And if you look at the end of period occupancy 110 basis points and the contract rent would point to something like 0.6% revenue in the next quarter. At the same time, we've talked about the difference between end of period and average occupancy given some of the changes that we've seen in our customer move-out patterns. And so looking at an occupancy average over the quarter of 0.6% and using that number would point to a little north of 1% is another data point. We talked about last quarter those same metrics pointed to 1.5% to 1.8% rental income growth and we came in at the quarter at 1.7%. So there is -- historically been some correlation between that. It's not a perfect number, because [Technical Difficulty] doing a quarter, but it's the most data points on rent and occupancy that we've disclosed.
Tom Boyle: The increase in the rent roll down was certainly a negative to rental rate growth through the quarter. So the existing tenant rate increases was a meaningful portion of the revenue growth. And there has been no change, from a strategy standpoint, to how we send those out. As I’ve talked about in the past, we do send out more of those through the summer months, rates are high as activity in terms of backfilling any vacates is good during this time period, so it makes a lot of sense to send out those existing tenant rate increases around this time of year. And we’ve seen good receptivity to those so no changes there but that is driving our revenue growth at this point.
Tom Boyle: Jeremy, I think thematically, it’s the same set of issues that I talked about before, which is, there is a healthy development community out there that continues to see good returns when they’re able to develop these properties. And again, if they can build into an eight or nine and they can flip them full or unoccupied at a rent level that would yield off of full occupancy or close to it or five or six, I mean they’re going to keep doing it. But we do engage and have -- we have actually bought here and there some deals, I wouldn’t tell you that those are necessarily becoming more stressed, but they’re out there. I think some are going to continue to come into the market, but it’s too soon yet to tell if there is any overall stress that’s coming with again those properties that are coming into the market.
Tom Boyle: So advertising was down 5% in the quarter, but as you point out that was driven by TV spend in the prior year. Our Internet spend was up in the quarter, up 33% that’s primarily Google, and that’s a combination of that landscape remaining competitive and cost per click moving higher, as well as our pushing on that to drive volume. And that’s the channel of advertising that we like, it can be very targeted and trackable and down to the property level. So there is a lot of ability to use technology and our systems to drive demand on a very granular basis. And so we’ve been doing that more and more. In addition, we do have an advantage online which is our brand. And so we drive a significant amount of volume on the Internet even away from the page search, so focus there remains very strong coming through channels like local maps. And so certainly a focus there on driving customer volume and this is the last quarter that you’ll hear us talking about TV in the prior year. So we won’t have that of a reduction in -- TV is something that we continue to monitor. TV is going through transition, but we’re monitoring television and television like advertising media as potentials to drive traffic to our stores as well, but no immediate plans there.
Tom Boyle: Again I think that really is a market-by-market judgment, want to see how the rest of the year plays out. But there is certainly markets where we view that there is occupancy potential to improve and there's other markets where occupancy is actually really quite healthy; you look at Los Angeles where we have 95% occupancy, same with San Francisco or New York, those are places where occupancy is really quite good. And so the opportunity is probably more a rate basis once you get into those types of occupancies. But not all our markets are at 95% so there's occupancy potential as well.
