Ronald L. Havner: Thank you, Clem. We put out our press release last night. I think we had a pretty good quarter. So we're just going to open it up for questions right away here. So operator, let's tee up the first question.
Ronald L. Havner: Christy, I would just add that John and his team did the pricing and marketing strategies, but our field operations people did a great job this quarter executing. So you don't get to 95% without great execution in the field.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Jordan, our customers greater than a year. Here, let's see, they were -- the pool of those was up 5,000 for year-over-year. So we're at just about 60% -- 55%, 55% in the pool greater than a year. Not much changed in the percentage, but the number of customers has gone up because the overall occupancy of the portfolio has gone up.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, actually, net-net, Jordan, between initial rate and all that, we actually went positive. So our net acquisition cost was $28 positive per customer, and that's due to -- we were able to reduce our acquisition cost by about $7 million, and hold volumes constant or up slightly, as John mentioned earlier. Hold rate, up about 1%, 1.2%. Net-net, we actually went positive, which is the first time I've only got like the last 3, 4 years of data, but that's the first time in the last 4 years we've been positive.
Ronald L. Havner: Okay, I'll let John talk about Internet strategy. For the last 2 years though, our customer acquisition costs have been going down. Jordan just kind of touched on that. So if you look at Q2 this year, we spent about $5.5 million on Internet and media, and that compares to $8.3 million last year. So we're spending less on Internet and media, and we basically extricated ourselves from the Yellow Pages combined with lower promotional discounts, meaning, lower upfront dollar specials, and yet we're able to hold move-in volume relatively constant year-over-year. With respect to Internet strategies...
Ronald L. Havner: Well, let me just comment on the acquisition market, and I touched on this earlier. I think Jordan asked this question. At the sellers market, there's lots of capital out there, whether it's the public REITs, private capital. There's plenty of financing, especially on stabilized properties. Unstabilized properties are properties that fill up a little more challenging for people to get financing. We have found that typically to be the better opportunities, but it is a sellers' market generally, and I think that's bringing out -- for the right sellers, that's bringing out higher quality portfolios than we've seen in some time, and so we're actively looking at those and obviously acquiring some of them.
Ronald L. Havner: We're flexible. We buy properties that are 0% occupied and fill up. We're buying stabilized properties. We're buying properties that have been under-managed. So it's across the board, as well as deploying capital in redevelopments and our development program. So it's really -- we're almost market agnostic. If the right opportunity's there, we will undertake it, the right pricing, and we're not really concerned about, okay, what does it do for next quarter's earnings. We're really trying to create value here long term.
Ronald L. Havner: They're all over the board. We've got stuff from 0 cap rate because one property's still being built to 7% or 8% on a stabilized property. It's all over the board.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Tayo, it's really the same 2 culprits. Holland continues to decline in occupancy and rate, and its NOI for the quarter was down 16%. The other market was the U.K., where the -- that was implemented last October 1, and we effectively took down the existing customer base by 20%. So new customers are rolling in at higher rates when rent roll-up in that market, but it's going to take time for that to roll up. So our U.K. top-line revenue was down 11% this quarter, and NOI in the U.K. market was down 18%. So those are the 2 big drivers for the negative performance in Europe, and I would expect another challenging quarter in Q3. Where it comes in at, I don't know, but I don't think Q3's going to be much better. When we get to Q4, at least in the U.K., recall we implemented the VAT roll_down October 1. So hopefully, we'll be positive comping in the U.K. in Q4, whether that's enough to offset Holland, I don't know, but Q4 U.K. should be positive.
Ronald L. Havner: Different operators did different things. One operator already had been passing through the VAT. So it was basically a non-event for them. I think Big Yellow, who's the other large operator, did a half roll-down. So they took a 10% roll-down, and they have, I think, I don't know the exact percentage, but I think Big Yellow has a higher percentage of commercial customers than we do. So it impacted them a little less. I think it varies by operator.
Ronald L. Havner: Michael, I know we've disappointed you in terms of our acquisition volume, but really not much has changed. As I said, we see better product coming to market. Pricing is aggressive. It's a sellers' market. So I don't think substantively much has changed here. There's just more flow, more seller flow into the market.
Ronald L. Havner: You know what? We're seeing across the market, we don't see a lot of development. Dave Doll's here with me. We don't see much development in the latest data sources that we've seen that it's pretty nascent. I would say in terms of just dollar value, probably, the New York, the burroughs, is probably the biggest market in the U.S. where development is going on. But relative to the densities there versus the amount of product, that's still somewhat of an underserved market.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Michael, in terms of the end of July, we ended at 94.4% versus 93.1% last year, and in-place rents were up a couple of cents a foot in July versus last year.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, we've got everything from stabilized properties. We've got a mixed-use property in West L.A. That's 90-plus percent full, and it's got a 10-year triple-net lease in it that's, I don't know, trailing 6, 6.5 to a property that's still under construction that we won't buy until September, October. So it's all over the board. I would assume that on a go-forward basis, we will attempt to work our magic, actually not attempt, we will work our magic, and we'll use the pricing strategy that John's talked about, and our field will execute. So I don't think you should expect much material difference in kind of the returns we're going to get in historical. Are they as good as the 2010 acquisitions? No, but they're really good properties, and we're really happy with them.
Ronald L. Havner: John's pretty good about being opportunistic in terms of the capital markets. So we've got plenty of capacity to do whatever we need to do, and we'll just wait for the right time in terms of the capital markets.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Jordan, I can't elaborate any more than there is more product coming to market, and there is much better product coming to market. And one of the things that we've commented on in the past is the quality of assets in terms of -- that we've seen coming to market has been stuff that, for the most part, we have not been interested in. We've lost some transactions that we would have liked the portfolios, but a number of them, we weren't even bidders or we weren't interested. So the stuff that we've got under contract today we think is pretty high-quality product, and it's a sellers' market. So people that have high-quality portfolios are bringing them to market. We're getting more of that than we've had in the last couple of years.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, as I've said before, we're not on a day 1 a cap rate buyer. And I mean, that's evident in the fact that we're buying properties that are newly developed or still underdeveloped. What we look at is, okay, when this thing is stabilized, what kind of return are we going to get? What are the barriers to entry in that market? What does it looks like relative to replacement cost? A variety of factors and so in a market with very high barrier to entry, that's going to get a different cap rate than a market where there's a lot of competition and low barrier to entries, and it varies by property and these $390 million of property are across the board in terms of high barrier, low barrier, stabilized, non-stabilized properties.
Ronald L. Havner: Jordan, we're not big commentators on transactions that haven't been consummated. So again, I think it's a sellers' market. So my guess is the back half of the year, we'll see continued product flow, and at least I hope there is, and so we hope to be an active participant.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Paula, I don't know how to answer that other than how I responded to Jordan and Michael Knott. So you can go back, and I'm not going to repeat myself. But I will say this though that, as I just mentioned, are there transactions that over this period of time we would have liked to have gotten? Yes. But there's a lot that we're, I mean, we're fine, we weren't interested in them, and we weren't interested in the quality of the product or the markets where they were located, given the competition or low barriers to entry. So overall, I think we've done a pretty good job, and we've got some pretty good assets. And if you look at the returns on the stuff that we've done, it's pretty darn good. So I don't have much more to comment than that.
Ronald L. Havner: Sure. I think the capital markets in Europe are a little more buoyant than they were a couple of years ago. But before we undertook anything like an IPO, we would definitely need some positive Same Store growth. Undertaking an IPO when we posted negative 7% for the quarter probably wouldn't get the value that we perceived in Europe today with those kind of numbers. So we need some positive momentum in Europe and some good year-over-year comps before we entertain something like that.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. The -- in terms of the pipeline, let's see, expansions are 14 of the projects, $96 million. Ground-up development is 2 properties as of June 30, about $17 million and conversions of existing structures, 3 properties, about $85 million, and those are new acquisitions so -- and those, like the Gerard property that we're doing in the Bronx, that's a conversion, that's in, like I said, the conversion bucket. We've got a couple other industrial buildings that we bought that we're also going to convert to self-storage. So I kind of think of those as almost developments, although it's not bare land. We're just taking the existing building and decking it out or whatever and turning it into self-storage.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. Michael, we have probably a couple hundred million, and what we would refer to as our shadow pipeline stuff we're looking at, trying to figure out the zoning, see if it makes sense, and that's both on the development and the redevelopment side. As we get close to that, we go through approval process, it makes sense to us, then it goes into what you're seeing as the development pipeline, which is still subject to some contingencies in terms of making that happen. I can't tell you what it's going to be next quarter or the quarter after, per se, but our target is to get to a $300 million-plus kind of run rate on the development side so -- and that's going to take us a couple of years probably to get to a total run rate where we're putting $300 million to $350 million into the ground each year, and that means there's another couple of hundred million in the development pipeline at any one time.
Edward John Reyes: I guess, first, Christy, I was wrong in what I had said about frictional occupancy and our difficulties getting beyond the 93% occupancy because, obviously, we did that. So I stand corrected. We're able to do that. It was mostly done because demand was exceptionally strong, notwithstanding the fact that we kept our rent -- rates were a little bit higher but not much higher, but we significantly reduced our discounting during the second quarter. But fortunately, for us, demand continued to press into the system, and we continued to gain occupancy throughout the quarter. So -- but I do think though that over the course of a full year, I would not expect us to maintain occupancy levels of 95% through the remainder of the year. That, I think, is just not, not likely. In terms of churn and the promotional -- the 50% off thing promotions that we were doing. We have done those, as you've mentioned. We did it during the winter. We also did it during -- around the Memorial Day timeframe, which does help boost demand for our product and occupancy. We like doing that because it -- notwithstanding the fact that you're giving away 50% of the rent, we make -- more than make up with -- for it with improved demand coming into the system. Not only is that demand sufficient to offset the reduction in the rate, but that demand is also customers that typically stay here longer because they're not -- their rates are low. They're not -- and we also turn off the dollar for those folks, and they typically stay here longer, which gives us another pool of customers who eventually increase their rates in the future because, remember, it's month-to-month lease, and we're just giving 50% off. It's not 50% off for a year. It's not 50% off for a month. It's 50% off until we decide to raise their rents.
Edward John Reyes: In terms of percentage, year-over-year percentage change, they were down about 13% during the quarter.
Edward John Reyes: Yes, move-ins were about flat, with -- and I'll tell you what the move-in rates were. The move-in rates were roughly about 1.5% higher. Move-outs were down about 0.7%.
Edward John Reyes: Yes, I think I've said a couple of times this year the sellers' market, there's lots of capital, lots of financing, and what we're seeing is higher quality portfolios come to the market as a result of that.
Edward John Reyes: Yes, here, Internet strategy, I would tell you this, I mean, really hasn't changed other than we've cut back the spend because we simply don't need as much volume coming to our website as we used to, given our occupancy levels. So what that's enabled us to do is basically cut back on our positioning and our bid so that we don't view it necessary to necessarily be in the #1 position on certain keyword searches so we're not bidding as aggressively as we used to, and again, it's simply because we don't really need as much volume coming to the website. The volume that's coming to the website is more than sufficient to maintain the move-in levels that we need to maintain our occupancy levels and grow the occupancy levels.
Edward John Reyes: Well, we are spending more on mobile just because mobile is gaining in popularity, and we're getting more traffic through the mobile. So that's naturally coming, causing us to spend more in mobile, but it's more of a shift from the desktop to the mobile and overall -- then if you look at overall, the overall cost is actually coming down. But yes, we are spending more in mobile, but it's been more than offset by the decrease that we're spending on the desktop.
Edward John Reyes: That's kind of what's been going on. I think that's what's historically you've been seeing is that with the high occupancies, we've been able to cut back on marketing spend because we don't need the volume coming into the system. So you're seeing our expense structure in marketing, as Ron mentioned, coming down. With high occupancies, we're able to now start turning down the discounting that we're getting -- we're giving away, excuse me, which is a good thing because, obviously, it drops to the revenue. It helps the revenue line, and it's also a good thing because you start filtering out those customers who are simply coming for 1 month because you're giving $1, and they're churning on you constantly. So that's good, too, because we're not experiencing as much churn as we used to experience, and you're getting a better length of stay from the customer base, which again all of that stuff is just good stuff.
Edward John Reyes: I would say this, Ross, when we send out increases to our existing tenant base, I mean, we just don't haphazardly do it. We do it on a basis of understanding the -- each and every property's demographic, and we put that into the mix when we decide Joe Schmo at this property is going to get a 7% and somebody else at a different property may get a 5% and somebody else at a third property may get a 10%. And it's really, I'd like to say it scientific, maybe it's more of an art than science, I don't know, but we do look at demographic. We monitor demographic. We monitor what happens. We know what these customers do. So we get -- we're pretty comfortable when we send out these increases and understanding what the reaction to the customers going to be when we do these things. So yes, it's a little more scientific than just throwing darts at the wall.
Edward John Reyes: Michael, no, we're not leaning more towards the occupancy. It just happened to end up that way. Given the high occupancy levels, we obviously have to really put more focus on the rate side of the equation, which is what we spend a lot of time doing internally. What you're seeing, that 2.2, keep in mind that is at a point in time when the calendar flips to the next day, a lot of rent increases become effective on July 1 so that 2.2 immediately, I could tell you, popped up a little bit more than 2.2 on July 1.
Edward John Reyes: I don't have it calculated by per square foot, but let me give you the numbers, the discounts, then you can do the math on your own. I can tell you the discount part of the equation. I don't have the other components with me, but discounts for the quarter this quarter 2013 was about $19.4 million versus $22.3 million for the same quarter last year. So it was about a 13% reduction or about $2.9 million reduction.
