Ron Havner: Thank you, Clem. Welcome, everyone. We had another solid quarter and so with that I'll open it up for questions.
Ron Havner: It's not materially impacting what we're doing. In underwriting our acquisitions, we use what we have in terms of kind of a spot price, in terms of rental rates on a trailing basis. We don't necessarily try to anticipate what the forward rate per foot is going to be, and then of course for us, replacement cost has been and continues to be a key element in terms of our underwriting. So the market may be tough. Take Houston. If we can get something at 60% or 70% replacement cost, we'll do that deal even though in the short-term we may be impacted by overall market conditions. 
Ron Havner: It's so broad based. And it varies by market, while John is saying volume is down 3%, in a number of markets right now and submarkets we're chalk full. We have not much space to sell, so there's not much of a volume uptick that we can get. And then you have markets like Houston which have probably both a supply issue as well as an overall local economy issue with the big changes in the oil industry. And the other markets, whether it's San Francisco or LA, don't have enough net new space to sell to offset the decline in volume in markets like Houston or Denver. 
Ron Havner: I'd add, Gwen, that Chicago and Houston, in particular, while the revenue was modest or negative, they were also really impacted by property tax increases year-over-year. 
Ron Havner: Well, as I touched on in Houston, you've got -- there's not a huge amount, but new supply in Houston, both from us and competitors. As well as kind of a macroeconomic condition with the oil industry and a dramatic slowdown in job growth and probably outmigration of people. Denver, the economy is good there, but there's a big uptick in new supply. And D.C. was that your other one? Washington D.C.?  That's been a languishing market for awhile. It's been languishing for apartments, it's languishing for office and its been a tough market for us. A couple years ago the government shutdown, a lot of reduction in spending, and that created some outmigration of people and that really has not returned. I think the market stabilized there, but it certainly hasn't been on an upswing. 
Ron Havner: Sure, Todd. Marketing costs in Q3 were up 9.5% and that's -- or about $670,000, and that was evenly split between incremental TV and incremental internet advertising. Promotional discounts were flat, so our overall customer acquisition costs were up 2.2% for the quarter, move-ins were up 1.1% or about 2,800 incremental new customers Q3 this year versus last year. So that gives you an acquisition cost of $127 versus $126 last year. Move-in rates for the quarter were down 1.5%. Fees were up 9.1%, so our net profit per customer move-in was $32 this quarter versus $33 last year.  Year-to-date, Todd, net profit per customer move-in was $38 versus $33 last year, so we had a 15.2% improvement in profitability. Year-to-date move-ins are about flat -- or I'm sorry, costs are about flat. Move-ins were down 3,200, but rates were up and fees were up, so net-net, we made 15% more per customer this year than last year. 
Ron Havner: No, our New York markets have pretty well stabilized and are trending slightly up. There are easier comps, but, no, I think John gave you the revenue growth for New York, up 2.9%, which wasn't bad for Q3. So we haven't seen anything. 
Ron Havner: Yes, Smedes, a couple items. You see onsite payroll there up 6.7%. Most of that is due to about $1.5 million increase in our medical insurance cost to employee benefits, and that's been up year-over-year, but we had $1.5 million increase in Q3. We'll probably have another $500,000 or so increase in Q4, smaller amount but still a meaningful percentage increase year-over-year. Advertising I touched on. Up about $600,000 split between TV and internet. And then the other big swing item was allocated overhead, which was up about $2 million. About $1.6 million of that was costs attributable to our annual sales conference, which we held in Q3 this year versus Q4 last year. So just over $1 million of that will flip back around in Q4, as we expensed it in Q4 last year, and Q3 this year. 
Ron Havner: Yes. Well, I think it's both Shurgard and PS Business Parks. And Business Parks, I think -- I don't think, I know -- their earnings were up about 20% quarter to quarter. That's a combination of two things. Solid same-store results, build up of some developments, and then they -- Business Parks has been sitting on $150 million or $200 million of cash, and so at the end of June they paid off a $250 million mortgage, and so they had nominal interest expense Q3 versus having cash and the interest expense last year.  So half the improvement in Business Parks was due to reduced interest and half of it was due to improved operations. Shurgard Europe had good operating results both from the same-store and non-same-store properties, but a big chunk of their difference was a $1.5 million special tax provision we made in Q3 last year that we did not make in this quarter. 
Ron Havner: Well, David, I like to say the big dog eats first. And so I think going into this cycle, we have better pricing, better pricing strategies, better marketing, both television and internet. Our market position, in terms of our market share, product, where it's located is better headed into this cycle. We've really got great positioning and we will have next year as the deliveries come on in terms of Dallas, Houston, Miami, Charlotte, LA, San Francisco, so I'm really happy -- Seattle -- with our market position. Our people are fantastic out in the field. We've got better product that we have available to rent. And I think our processes are as good as they've ever been. And I'm just skipping over the balance sheet, which has never been stronger in our history, so we're really ready for this cycle. 
Ron Havner: Steve, if you go back to 2015, the revenue growth in Q2 last year was 6.8%, year-over-year, Q3 was 6.7%, Q4 was 6.6% and then Q1 this year was 6.5%, and then it started moderating, so that rate of change, right? We had exceptional quarters in Q2, Q3 and Q4 of last year. 
Ron Havner: Well, I'll let David talk about volume, but in terms of pricing, I think we touched on earlier, no material change in pricing. 
Ron Havner: Okay, so 1.9 million in Texas, 900,000 in California, 150,000 in Arizona, 550,000 in Florida, 430,000 in Washington, 150,000 in Tennessee, 270,000 in North Carolina and 240,000 in New Jersey, and then some smattering of others. 
Ron Havner: Well, Michael, I'll just say this. If you looked back in time over 20-plus years, it's very rare that we can issue preferred at coupons below the earnings yield on our stock. And we're getting pretty close to that. The last time that there was, that it happened to any -- for any extended period of time was 1999/2000 when everyone wanted dotcom stocks and real estate was a bad word. Brick and mortar. I don't know if we're going into that now, but it's very unusual for us to be able to issue preferred coupons lower than our earnings yield. So we're getting close, and as John touched on, we'll see what we can continue to issue preferreds and or debt at, but it's not out of the question as time goes forward in terms of where to deploy capital.  Having said that, if we can deploy capital in third party acquisitions or development opportunities that provide a better spread yield or better overall earnings yield to the Company, then we will do that vis-a-vis our share repurchases. So which part of the menu, acquisitions, development, or share repurchases makes the most sense in terms of capital deployment, in terms of both growth and then creation of shareholder value. 
Ron Havner: Not at this time. Europe is generating more cash flow than it can deploy, and so while they are ramping up their development program over there, their free cash flows is $80 million to $90 million a year, which is more than they currently have plans to deploy. So in terms of an IPO, it would be tough to do in terms of use of proceeds. That could change in three to six months if some big opportunity came up in Europe, but at this time, I don't see that. 
John Reyes: Yes, I would say that what we are experiencing is mostly a softness in demand. The existing tenant base that we have is pretty much staying put like they normally have so they aren't vacating anymore rapidly than we've seen so the struggle I would say that we are experiencing is really on the front end, getting move-ins. Demand appears to be soft around the country not in any one particular market. I'd say in general every market is experiencing softness and as a result we're advertising more television, we're advertising more on the internet. We are lowering our street rates and we are giving away a little bit more discounts not much more than last year but a little bit more of this year so but again I'd like to emphasize that the existing tenant base is not vacating out any more rapidly than they have. We're continuing to send rate increase letters similar to how we did last year with increases in the range of 8% to 10%.
John Reyes: Well Jeff, I'll touch on that. It kind of goes to and this is my point in terms of 80% of our revenue base had a slower year-over-year rate of growth than Q3 of last year. We're up against very tough comps. It's broad based and a number of these markets have very dynamic economies, the Bay Area, Los Angeles, Seattle this quarter had had had a positive year-over-year rate of growth change. Sacramento, Minneapolis, so there's a lot of markets that still have some growth in them but it's broad based in terms of slowdown and I think in part it's due to just an exceptional 2015.
John Reyes: This is John. The average move-in rate during the third quarter was about $135 per month. That compared to last year at $137 for the month. That was for the quarter, on a monthly basis. Month to date in October, the average move-in rate is about $127 per month, and that's actually up a little bit from last year which was about $126 per month. But I will tell you this, notwithstanding the fact that it is higher than last year, the volume of move-ins that we are getting in the month of -- at least month to date October, is down about 3%. So we're getting higher rates but lower volume. 
John Reyes: Why don't I give you kind of some of our top markets. So Los Angeles was up 7.1% for the quarter, and this is in order of our largest to smallest within our top, let's just say 10. So Los Angeles was up 7.1%, San Francisco 6.2%, New York 2.9%, Seattle 9.1%, Washington D.C. 2.7%, Miami 5.5%, Chicago 1.6%, Dallas and the Fort Worth area 6.4%, Atlanta 7.6%, Houston was down 1%, Philadelphia was up 5.3% and Denver was up about a percentage point.  That might be 10. And then in terms of NOI growth, Los Angeles was up 7.8%, San Francisco 6.2%, New York 2.1%, Seattle 9.7%, Washington D.C. 1.3%, Miami 8.7%, Chicago was down a negative 3.4%, Dallas Fort Worth was up 5.8%, Atlanta 7%, Houston down 5.4%, Philadelphia up 6.2% and Denver was down 1.2%. 
John Reyes: Todd, they may be affecting us and I'm sure they are, but to the extent that they are, we kind of don't see it in our numbers. I mean, they could be taking away, let's just say 10 customers a facility, it's hard for us to notice that. 
John Reyes: Yes, this is John. Over the past year or two we've enjoyed a reduction in advertising as demand was coming in without the need to really spend more. In fact, we cut back significantly on both television and on the internet. As we go forward, if the softness continues and we expect that it will at least over the next quarter or two, perhaps beyond, I don't know, I anticipate that we will spend more on -- definitely more on the internet, on keyword search terms, probably spend more there than we will on television advertising. We did do a little television in Q3 and into Q4. I wasn't really thrilled with the response that we were getting, but we have been getting some pretty good response on the web.  More and more of our customers, as you know, are moving to the web, whether they are using their desktop or mobile device, we're there, we're in both channels. So I expect, at least in the near term, our web spend will continue to tick up. I don't think that our television will really tick up. It will probably be the same. But, overall, marketing costs will definitely be up. 
John Reyes: We haven't made any decisions on what we're going to do with that Series S and Series T that you mentioned are callable in early -- or in the first quarter of 2017. I think it will depend on what the capital markets look like as we start getting close to that. You're probably aware we just recently issued a preferred at 4.90%. That was about 10 days ago. I don't think that we can issue another one today at 4.90% under today's conditions, but that may change.  What does the spread need to be? It probably needs to be at least 75 bps before I think we would really want to issue another preferred to take out some of these other preferreds. But I also wouldn't rule out us issuing debt. We've talked about debt before, so that's always a possibility that we could issue debt and take out some of these preferreds, but I want to make sure that you understood, we haven't made a decision on what we're going to do in the first quarter yet with respect to these preferreds. 
John Reyes: Steve, let me see if I can answer the question a little bit. If you take the time and go back and look at our first quarter press release where we describe our same-stores, we give some metrics at the end of the quarter what our square foot occupancy is and what the annual contract rate per occupied square foot is. If you look at the first quarter, we reported that it was a 5.9% delta year-over-year.  That is a good indicator of what second quarter might be and second quarter turned out to be a 6.1% revenue growth. If you now go to the second quarter information that we reported, we reported that the square foot occupancy had a negative decline of about 0.5%, that the annual contract rate was up 5.4%, the net of those two is a 4.9%, and we in fact reported a 5.2% for the quarter. So there was a big drop from Q1 to the end of Q2.  We went from 5.9% to 4.9%. If you now look -- fast forward to the end of the third quarter, those same numbers are now at 4.7% versus 4.9% at the end of the second quarter, so the big drop, as you kind of touched on, happened in Q2, we're still experiencing a decline, but the big drop happened earlier this year. 
John Reyes: Well, I'm not commenting on 2017. I'm just telling you what's happened year-to-date, and what we're seeing month to date in October 
John Reyes: Okay. I put that away. I didn't think anyone was going to ask that question. So for the quarter, as you mentioned about the move-in rates, it was about $135 per move in, the monthly rate. The move-out over the same time frame was $144, so down about $9. Last year it was $137 on the move-in and the move-outs were going out at $140. So about $3. 
John Reyes: The way I look at it, Ryan, is I look at it as the call volume into our call center, the hits to our website, where they are actually seeking and looking at storage space. So it's not the hits that come to our website of exiting tenants who are paying their rent, as well as looking at our walk in traffic, as you mentioned.  During the third quarter we were actually seeing an uptick in sales calls. Part of that is due to increased marketing activities. The web channel was about flat though. But the channel that, I think, gives me most concern is that our walk-in traffic was down about 7%. So two of our channels were either flat or up, but the walk-in channel was down. And I can't tell you why that has happened, but in fact, it was down 7% during the quarter. 
John Reyes: Ryan, this is John. We'll continue to test it and push it and see what happens. We constantly will have a test group kept out of the normal group that's getting the increase to see what the reaction differential is to the rate increases, and if we do see some upticks, then we'll adjust accordingly. I can't respond to how we've done it in the past because, one, I don't remember, and two, I don't think we were smart enough to really test it as well under such circumstances. But we will do that this time around and then we'll adjust, as I mentioned, as we see fit. 
David Doll: I would say core San Francisco, no, I don't see a lot of pick up in core San Francisco. There may be some outliers like Sacramento and some other submarkets to San Francisco. Portland seems to have a fair bit of new supply coming into that market. San Diego has a fair bit being built for the size of the marketplace, but again, we don't see that much in Los Angeles or Orange County. We aren't really focused on Riverside and San Bernardino where there may be some more building going on. 
David Doll: Volumes I think are down -- or at least I should say, the quality of the product coming to the marketplace is less than what it had been in prior quarters over the last year or so, so I think buyers are being a little more selective. There's lots more that we pass on than what we're buying. Primarily due to quality of the product. Pricing hasn't changed that much. Will it continue to change? I don't know. But I think there's been a slowdown of quality product coming to the marketplace. 
David Doll: I think you're correct. The sellers and developers are usually the trailing indicators, not the leading indicators, so it will be some time before those deals come to fruition. 
