Ronald L. Havner: Thanks, Clem. Once again, we had a pretty good quarter, pretty active on the acquisition front, good core growth in Same Store Facilities. So let's open it up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Ki, I think I touched on that last quarter and you asked that, and we have properties that just are in fill-ups and properties that came out of -- are newly constructed. So today, they're somewhere between 0 and 8% cash-on-cash yield. Over the long term, and some of them will take 2 to 3 years to stabilize, somewhere between 6% and 8% would be my guess.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Todd, we're seeing more products come to market in general. Quite a bit, a fair more product coming to market but of lower quality than the stuff we saw last year, and that's lower than, certainly, '11, '12. In terms of our production in Q1, we've got a property under contract and we've got 3 developments opening. So we're looking at about close to 400,000 net rentable square feet, $50 million in Q1.
Ronald L. Havner: At the -- in terms of where we are, at the end of January, our occupancy was 92.2% versus 91.6% at year-end.
Ronald L. Havner: Let me touch on -- let me just add one thing to that, the answer to the question. So snow in January was up, I think, about $1.5 million. We don't have the numbers yet for February, but I would assume that's going to be up at least $1 million in February year-over-year. So obviously, we don't know what March is going to be. So $2.5 million, at least, for Q1 in terms of snow removal costs versus last year.
Ronald L. Havner: Ross, since we put the loan in place, New York Common has always -- who's our partner in Europe, just to refresh, they own 51% of Shurgard Europe, we own 49%. And they've had the right to purchase half that loan. We've given them that right since we put it in place. And the decision to do it was really on their part and the availability for them to obtain financing to purchase their half. So it wasn't a strategic decision John and I are making in terms of when they should do it. It's really them.
Ronald L. Havner: I don't believe it was contractual, but that's -- since they're our partner, we just offered them half the note at any time they wanted it.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. Development is now in the lexicon of the trade association meetings and development seminars. We're hearing -- we've been hearing, for the last year, 1.5 years, more conversations about it. And so net-net, there's more product coming out of the ground today than there was a year or 2 years ago. Relative to the base of supply and what we've seen around the country, it's still very, very modest. The analysis that I've seen from the self-storage association and other groups is less than 100 properties. As you know, industry data is hard to come by in terms of exactly how much new supply, but it's pretty modest. And when you step back and think about U.S. population growth and kind of what I'll call the natural organic increase in demand each year, I'd say it's between 400 and 500 properties. And by everything we can tell, we're still way below that in terms of new product coming on. With respect to our development pipeline, we started 2012 with 19 properties, 1.4 million square feet, $133 million. And we ended the year at about 30 properties, 1.8 million square feet, close to $200 million. And that is growing each quarter, net of deliveries. As I touched on earlier, in Q1, we'll deliver about 300,000 square feet, $40 million in Q1 of that year-end pipeline, and we'll see what we add in Q1 in terms of net-net production. But we've got number of the key members of the team in place, and they are out there finding product to add to our development pipeline. So I'd expect it to grow, hopefully, another $100 million net over the course of 2014.
Ronald L. Havner: David, right, Europe, year-over-year, I think, we were down on same-store NOI about 2.4%, which is probably the worst we've delivered in quite a while. But I'll tell you things are starting to look pretty good -- or better, not pretty good, but I mean better. We ended the year, for the quarter, 82.8% occupied versus 82%. And if you took a sequential chart of kind of what happened to same-store occupancies, we bottomed in Q1 '13, on a year-over-year basis, down 3.9%. We improved in Q2, Q3 and went positive in Q4 at 1% year-over-year comp. Now obviously, when you reduce the occupancy in the portfolio, the comps get easier. But I think we stabilized, and the trend is positive in terms of year-over-year comps. We've also weathered the implementation of VAT in London, and so I'm hoping -- I'm anticipating that our 2014 comps versus '13 in our U.K. portfolio will be positive. And in fact, we saw that in Q4, where same-store U.K. was up 5.5% year-over-year. So...
Ronald L. Havner: Netherlands, I think, is -- we're starting to stabilize there as well. Occupancy in Q4, we were up, 72.8% versus 71.7%, so we actually turned positive on occupancy in Holland in Q4, which has been a long time since that's happened.
Ronald L. Havner: We're not one to give forecasts, but I think John and I have consistently said over the years that when someone's evaluating this business that they should anticipate expense growth of 2% to 3%. We continually -- continue to be vigilant here on expenses. We will continue to be vigilant in 2014. We're constantly thinking of ways to improve the cost efficiency of our business. So what expenses actually turn out to be in '14, I can't tell you, but we'll remain vigilant. And ideally, we would have 0 expense growth, but I would tell you, long term, you should plan for 2% to 3%.
Ronald L. Havner: Lease-up is really a function of the size of the facility. The typical self-storage facility that we're building is probably 75,000 square feet. So we should think -- generally, we're going to use about 3 years to stabilization. Something like Gerard that had 4,000 units built over a period of 6 months, we'll look at 4, 4.5 years for stabilization at our target rate.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. We're looking at some stuff in Europe. We feel good about where our team is positioned, the portfolio. So we're looking at some things in Europe. Most of the opportunity set in Europe, as you would guess, is on the development front. So we're exploring that, although I would say it would be modest 2 to 4 properties. We're not talking 20 or 30, like here in the U.S. But we're feeling pretty good about that, and that's a function both of stabilization of operating -- operations, as well as the tenure of the team over there. With respect to the U.S. and acquisition opportunities, we are seeing more product come to market, more, I guess, you could call them portfolios. I don't know your definition of a portfolio, is that more than 2 properties in a package but -- versus a single property deal, so those will be portfolios. We're seeing more of those, but as I touched on earlier, of lower quality than we've seen in the past, which is kind of what you would expect given the robust activity of 2013. Everyone now looks at that and looks at the prices at which some of the stuff traded and said, "Well, I'll bring mine to market at that price." So it's kind of a natural phenomenon.
Ronald L. Havner: It be a pretty high percentage because several of our larger deals, the Stor-All transaction, the Southern, and -- we're not even on the market. And most of that, as you recall, was back-half-loaded. So if you -- I don't know where our transcript was first quarter of last year with respect to our outlook for acquisition volume for 2013, but I'm very confident it wasn't anything close to what actually transpired. And part of that was the people, at least on the larger transactions that we undertook, had not decided to sell their portfolios. So where we are today and kind of how the market evolves over 2014, I think can be very different than what people are looking at right now. But our percentage of underwritten was pretty high last year because of the large size of non-marketed transactions.
Ronald L. Havner: Sure. So let see, we got -- Q4, we had 3 properties that I touched on, 300,000 square feet, about $40 million. Q2 will be 8 projects, mainly redevelopments, $12 million. Q3 will be 4, 285,000 square feet at $23 million, and Q4 will be 9 transactions at $69 million. So about -- of the $190 million -- close to $200 million in the pipeline, close to $140 million will deliver this year at this time. And that can change on weather, and I'm sure some of the stuff we were planning is getting slightly delayed because of the weather right now. But that's kind of what we're looking at today.
Ronald L. Havner: Why? I'm not going to get into a comparison of PSA and PSB, Ross. They're slightly different businesses, and they're susceptibility to the economy is different. I will tell you on PSB, Joe and his team have done an outstanding job, and they just had there conference call. But PSB has been in a down trend in terms of rates and occupancies for the last couple of years. They've made some great acquisitions that have not yet stabilized. And so we're at a part in kind of the economic cycle, where the trends are, I would say, quite favorable. In terms of our capital allocation decision to PSB, that is a decision made both by the Public Storage board and the PS Business Parks board, in terms of our continued investment and Public Storage deciding to actually continue to invest in PSB. It's been a wonderful investment, and I think we were buying, last year, at $72 a share, and so right now, it's turned out pretty good for us.
Edward John Reyes: Yes. Ki, this is John. We have mentioned on our last conference call that one of the things we were going to attempt to do during 2014 to continue to grow our same-store revenue is to a push on Street rates. Last year, we got a lot of the growth mostly on increases to existing tenant base, as well as reduced discounts, promotional discounts given. We're going to continue to do those 2 things, but the other thing that we were going to attempt to do is push Street rates. So I think what you're seeing, if you follow what we're doing with our Street rates, either on our website or otherwise, is that our Street rates are up anywhere from 5% to 10% depending on what market you look at. So we're going to try to continue to do that throughout the year and see how that goes.
Edward John Reyes: Yes. Todd, I mean, at the end of the year, we had borrowings of about $50 million on our line of credit. That has since been repaid. We have the $700 million of short-term borrowings. About $100 million of that has been repaid. And we used the funds that we received in January when our partner -- our 51% partner in Shurgard Europe purchased our -- a 51% interest in the loan that we had extended to Shurgard Europe. As we go forward, we're looking at a variety of alternatives, as we've talked about in the last call, which could include the retained cash flow that we generate. And we'll probably generate somewhere in the neighborhood of about $250 million this year, and that's after dividend requirements and maintenance CapEx. We -- the preferred market is starting to improve. The last time we talked, the preferred market was pretty much shut down for us. But it has improved quite a bit. It's not what it used to be a year ago, but it has improved. So we're eyeing -- we're keeping our eye on that. Things -- other things we could do, we can expand our line of credit. We have a $300 million line of credit that we will continue to use, but that's an option that we can seek to do, to seek to go to our lenders and see if we can expand that. So we are thinking about a variety of things, Todd. But it will be depend on how the acquisition flows throughout the year and what our capital needs; will be.
Edward John Reyes: Well, I can start and Ron, you can finish. In terms of move-in volume, during the fourth quarter, particularly in December, we didn't really see a dropoff in move-in activity as a result of the storms. We did, however, start seeing a dropoff in January. But our move-in volume, basically, year-to-date in 2014 is pretty much flat with last year. So other markets are picking up the slack that -- where we're seeing drop-offs in move-ins in cities like New York and Chicago and Boston and D.C., Baltimore areas. But you kind of mentioned about move-out activity, conversely, the move-out activity is also down, too. So people aren't moving in, but people aren't really moving out either. So on a net-net basis, it's kind of been a push, so to speak, on the occupancy levels.
Edward John Reyes: Ross, we've really -- I mean, obviously, if we hit a 5 handle loop, we'd probably be out there hand over fist trying to do some preferreds. But it's not just the yield threshold, Ross. I think the depth of the market is still somewhat suspect. So even though they have improved, it is not like we can go out and maybe issue a significant amount of capital to deal with the -- our acquisition activities that happened in the fourth quarter of last year or to, basically, finance the $700 million. So it's bigger than just what the yield would need to be because I don't think the size would be there even if the yield was there. So we are still evaluating other options, but we are looking -- we are really happy that the preferred market seems to be improving, the ice is thawing. Others have gone out and issued preferred, namely some of the banks. And so I don't want to tell you that there's a number because we don't really have a number in mind. We're just continuing to evaluate. We're not in a hurry. We think we have a lot of different avenues to take. And the loan to -- that we've borrowed from Wells Fargo isn't due until December, early December, so we have time. So we're not rushed to do anything at the moment.
Edward John Reyes: Yes. Christy, we turn things on and off as we see fit depending on the market. I would tell you, you're correct, we did do a 50% off promotion, and we did one last -- in December of 2012. We did -- we also did one this December but not to the same extent just due to having higher occupancies. So we do various promotions throughout the year, whether it be 50% off or 25% off with the dollar, without the dollar, it really varies. I mean, at the end of the day, our strategy is to try consistently grow our revenue for the long term, not just for one particular quarter or for this -- the next 6 months. We're looking to try to continue to grow for the long term over a year, and we're looking out at least a year in advance in how we're monitoring our occupancies, our rental rates, our discounts and so on and so forth.
Edward John Reyes: Well, I will tell you that the mobile traffic has grown significantly. And looking at some of the projections that Google and Yahoo! have shown us, they projected to continue to grow significantly. So we are spending more money on the mobile devices in terms of the search, and we've invested and improved our mobile website. The traffic hasn't -- has increased quite a bit. You're correct, customers are using mobile. They're still using desktop, although I think the growth in desktop is slowing down. But mobile is going to be and is continuing to be a very important avenue for customers to seek us out. And we're going to be there, and we're going to spend money to continue to have high prominence in that area.
Edward John Reyes: Because of the mobile? Well, mobile, because the amount of real estate is a lot smaller on a mobile device than it is on a desktop, so I don't know how it's going to change it. I think it's going to change. I think it's going to make it tougher for the smaller guys to show up, depending on how the user uses the device, are they going to scroll further down to find a smaller operator when the bigger guys are going to be at the top and in the prominent roles. I don't know how that's going to play out, Christie. I don't know if it's still early in the game, but my guess is it could probably make it tougher on the smaller guys, but I really don't know that.
Edward John Reyes: Yes. On property taxes, I mean, internally, we're budgeting, like, 4.5% to 5% increase in the same-store pool of properties for 2014.
Edward John Reyes: Mike, this is John. I think, from my perspective, the timing will be very similar to last year. We start sending out the increases in February, and it continues on through, probably, August, when the bulk of them are finally done. And the bulk of the letters that do go out are really in the June, July, August kind of time frame. So I think we'll continue to follow the same pattern. I think in terms of percentage increases, we'll be very similar again to what we did in 2013, where we were giving increases anywhere between -- in the range of 9% to 10%. So I think we're going to continue to do that until we see evidence that suggest that we should do something different. So I don't think it's -- I guess, what I'm trying to tell you is we're not going to really change our strategy in 2014 from what we did in 2013.
Edward John Reyes: Yes. Well, first off, we didn't reallocate expenses between G&A and cost of operations. We don't do that. What you're seeing, the increase, is, really, we're experiencing higher levels of acquisition and development-type overhead because of -- we're expanding our development activities and we're also -- we did a lot more acquisitions in Q4. So that helped drive up the G&A costs. The other thing that drove it up a little bit in the fourth quarter was increased stock-based compensation expense. So that drove it up. About $4 million of that change was about -- was from stock-based compensation expense.
Edward John Reyes: Yes. Well, transaction-related costs, last year, to put it in perspective, we incurred about $6.3 million, and this year, it's about $10.5 million -- I'm sorry, that was for the full year, though, Steve.
Edward John Reyes: Correct. Now going forward, depending on our acquisition and development activities, that could be higher or lower.
Edward John Reyes: I don't know the answer to that. I hope we can, but we'll have to find out together because my crystal ball is not that great. So we'll keep doing it, as I mentioned earlier, and when the volume -- move-in volumes indicate that we can either do something different or have to do something different, we will adjust accordingly. And that's how we always operate our business when it comes to pricing.
