Ron Havner: Thank you, Clem. And welcome everyone to the third-quarter call. We had a pretty solid quarter across all of our businesses. And our West Coast properties in particular, Denver, West, performed particularly strong this quarter, and in the makeup, a pretty good size of our portfolio. But overall it was a great quarter across all of our businesses. With that, we'll open it up for questions.
Ron Havner: Sure. Europe had a great quarter. It would have translated into a really good quarter for us were it not for the currency. But operating fundamentals were excellent. Same-store NOI in Europe was up 8.8%, led by the Netherlands, which was up 13.9% year-over-year. Occupancy for the period was 91%, up from 86.5% last year, so solid quarter in Europe. And then we did a couple of portfolio acquisitions, so I think overall NOI in Europe was up 15%, 16%.
Ron Havner: This is Ron. I thought we had an exceptionally good quarter. Comparing us to others is a little hard, both because of geography mix as well as what people put in their same-stores versus what we put in our same-stores. So, it's a little apples and bananas.
Ron Havner: No, they weren't C of O deals. The challenge with them is they had debt assumptions, CMBS debt assumptions, which, if you've ever done one of that, that's like getting a tooth extracted. So, it's taken a little longer to close. But I think we've got 10 or 11 queued up to close in Q4.
Ron Havner: Sure. For the quarter we had 56.6% of our customers with us greater than a year. That is up from 55.8% at the same time last year, so 0.8% absolute increase in the percentage of customers greater than a year. To put that in perspective, in 2012 that number was 54.5%. If you could look at it over the last two or three years, each quarter, quarter over quarter and year-over-year we've been able to move the length of stay up, the percentage of customers, greater than a year. That translates into this year versus last year we've got 13,400 more customers greater than a year in the portfolio, a 2.2% improvement.
Ron Havner: A couple things, Ross, new supply is coming and I believe it will continue to accelerate for all the right rational reasons. You can build far cheaper than you can buy. Operating fundamentals in the business are unbelievably good for a variety of reasons -- full employment, job creation, the economy's doing well, low interest rates. So, the fundamentals of the business are exceptional. You can get capital to build. So, new supply is coming and at some point that will start to impact people's pricing power. Simple supply and demand -- as more supply comes in that will impact pricing power. I don't see that being a big negative headwind at least for another year but it's coming. And then in terms of the economy, I can't predict the economy but the economy's been good. Things that hit the economy tend to be shocks, and then that disrupts the business environment, and then you start to have an uptick in unemployment and layoffs and all those things, which tend to not severely affect us but will slow growth down. So, that's probably on the horizon. But barring those, the fundamentals for our business are great because of the employment and the last four, five years, lack of new supply.
Ron Havner: Recall, there's only Western Europe, 1,600, 1,800 properties in all of Western Europe. I think 800 to 900 of them are in Great Britain and a lot of those are outside of London. And we don't really want to, in terms of Great Britain, go outside of London. So, a lot of those just don't come into our radar in terms of where we want to grow the portfolio. In several of the markets we have dominant share -- Stockholm, Belgium, 70%, 80% share of the market. In terms of the rest of Europe, there's probably a couple hundred million of stuff to do but not a lot. To give you some perspective, you take the city of Berlin, 3.5 million people where we acquired two properties earlier this year there are 15 self storage properties in Berlin with 3.5 million people. You have markets like that where clearly the opportunity is to develop versus acquire because there's really not much to acquire. So we're ramping up our development program in Europe. We were fortunate to get these two acquisitions. There may be, like I said, $100 million or $150 million more. But really the growth in Europe's going to come from development for us.
Ron Havner: Yes. We opened one in London this quarter and we've got two more coming out of the ground in the next six months. We've hired a person to help us in Germany, and in particular Berlin, so you should expect some development activity in that market next year.
Ron Havner: Sure. For the quarter, Todd, our marketing costs were down $1 million. Our discounts were up $800,000. So net-net, we were flat on promotional cost. Move-ins were up 1%, up 2,000, as John said. So our cost to acquire a customer went down $1 from $126 to $125. The move-in rate was up 5% or $7. The move-in fees were up $1. So net-net for each customer we made $35 upon move-in versus $26 last year. So, that's a 35% improvement in our customer acquisition cost for the quarter. Year-to-date numbers are somewhat comparable. We have a 31% improvement in customer acquisition costs from $26 to $34, again due to lower spend, greater volume, higher rates.
Ron Havner: Since we've been tracking this, yes, our overall promotional and marketing cost, to put it in a different light for you, in 2011 we spent 9.2% of revenues on promotional discounts and marketing cost and year to date we're at 5.7%.
Ron Havner: It hasn't so far but my guess, my expectation, is that it will change as development is ramped up and more people start to do it. But that really hasn't been an impediment for us. The thing that we are seeing is an uptick in construction cost and it's harder in some markets to get contractors available to perform the construction. Guys are building apartments and hotels and retail. So, the construction business is pretty good now, so we've seen a little more challenge on the labor contractor side and then an uptick in material cost. Again, not big enough to slow us down but we have seen that versus two years ago when we started.
Ron Havner: There's legal fees, and in this quarter we booked a $3.5 million reserve for a proposed settlement. Dave, if you recall, in our 10-Q we break out in a fair amount of granularity the components of G&A.
Ron Havner: Yes, Mike, the new developments are leasing up much faster than we underwrite. Now, part of that's attributable to the fact that we're opening them with lower rates than we're underwriting and probably a few more discounts. We open a property here in Glendale in May, 2,000 units, it's about a mile and-a-half here from corporate headquarters, and it's already 72% occupied, which is phenomenal. We underwrote it for three-, three-and-a-half year fill-up. And that one's actually pretty chose in terms of rates that we underwrote. That's filling up at rates pretty close that we underwrote. In general, for developments, depending on the size of the property, we underwrite a three- to four-year fill-up and a reserve in terms of the cost to carry that property until it stabilizes. So, so far, knock on wood, developments are filling up much faster than anticipated.
Ron Havner: It will take a couple of years. It depends on how far below quote market we brought them in at. So it will take a couple years of rental rate increases to get them close to market. And then once the property stabilizes, we'll bring the rents closer to market. So, it will take a couple of years of rent roll-up for it to get to the targeted or underwritten rental rate, in-place rents.
Ron Havner: Todd, I don't think there's a material difference. For the most part, stuff is trading at trailing 4 to 5 yields on previous owners' NOI. And that seems to be the market or the market expectation. The thing that we, given that we pay a lot of attention to, is what is replacement cost and asset location. So, what do we think we can do in terms of rental rates and then how much does this property cost versus what does it cost to build, out of those 11 properties, 800,000 square feet, just over 800,000 square feet, you're at about $132 a foot, which is within plus/minus 5%, 10% of what we think we can build the properties for.
Ron Havner: We're finding the top 50. These particular properties fill in our portfolio nicely, both in terms of -- I think the Florida ones are primarily in Orlando and they fill in our Orlando franchise nicely, as well as the stuff in Dallas and Houston. So it's really, if you think of a market like Dallas or Houston or Orlando where we have anywhere between 50 and 100, 120 properties, we're really trying to do acquisitions that fill in the franchise, cover some markets where maybe we don't necessarily have product but we'd like to have product.
Ron Havner: Five months into it we would have underwritten about 20%, 24% occupancy. It's at 72%. So, even though the rates may be slightly low, the cash we're getting and the net cash flow, the property's already breaking even and generating a profit. We would have underwritten to not make a profit for six to nine months, so we're already net positive cash. It will take a couple of years, when it stabilizes, to really sit back and say what is the cash on cash return, and how much extra money do we make by filling up faster versus taking a more traditional approach of starting rates higher and filling it up slower. I'd also say that property is rather iconic and there is a lot of great things going on in Glendale. The market was undersupplied. So, there's another aspect of building the right product in the right submarket and certainly that property fits the bill there.
Ron Havner: I'm looking here at the revenue growth for most of our markets. Our top revenue grower for the quarter was Portland at 15.7%, followed by Orlando at 13.5%, Sacramento at 13.8%. Nashville was 12.1%. Dallas was 11.9%, Houston was 11%. Does that give you a sense of things? The flip side is Philadelphia at 4.3%, DC at 3.2%, Chicago at 3.2%.
Ron Havner: Given our current occupancies I would say it's not too much of an impediment. The key for the branding are the orange doors and the name, Public Storage. And that is so dominant and so powerful, it's just unbelievable. We can talk for an hour about what it does for us on the Internet, customer awareness, et cetera. The point you raise in terms of the dichotomy of our, I'll call it, property image is certainly true. One of the things that we've been doing for several years is redeveloping properties. It's a little harder than you think because in many of those infill locations where you're probably driving by, self storage has been zoned out and we can't get the city to even reconsider redeveloping the property because they just as soon it wasn't there. If you're down in the Florida, there's a property down there in Aventura that we redeveloped. It took us four years to get that done. So, while we'd like to go through and change up the image of the properties and standardize it, it's a lot more challenging than on the surface. And combined with, there's a dichotomy in the portfolio because a lot of it's been acquired from other people that built it to different standards or different specs, so it's going to look different. That's also attributable to different zoning regulations. So, even some of the new stuff that we build, I think we've got one property where we can't have any orange on it. Not our choice but that's the zoning regulations.
Ron Havner: There's a reserve that we made in Q3 for about $3.5 million and it's a tentative settlement. We have other ongoing litigation.
John Reyes: I'll tell you what our movement rates were up by because that's more important than street rates. Street rates, the move-in rates were up about 5% year-over-year -- 5.3% actually, our move-ins, just to add a little bit more to that were up about 1% with higher move-in rates by about 5.3%.
John Reyes: Last year we also had less move-ins, too. We had about 1% less move-ins with an 8% increase in move-in rates. I would say the second quarter was by far a very strong quarter for us. Third quarter was a great quarter, too, but not as strong, I think, as what we saw in the second quarter. The other thing that happened in the third quarter is we spent about 20% less in marketing costs. So, we didn't spend nearly as much as we spent last year on both the Internet on search terms as well as on television. So, that doesn't show up on the top line. It shows up in the expense line. But nonetheless, pretty happy that we got a 1% increase in move-ins with about 5.3% increase in rate without doing nearly as much marketing as we did last year.
John Reyes: Nothing in particular, we're all seeing that property taxes are going up. Many municipalities are becoming more and more aggressive. It's mostly on the valuation, at least with respect to our portfolio, reassessing the values. We do the best we can to push back on valuations, but it gets tougher and tougher and they're more aggressive out there. So, I expect that next year we could probably -- this year we're looking at about a 5% increase for the full fiscal year -- next year I wouldn't be surprised if that bumps up to about 6%.
John Reyes: Jeremy, this is John. In terms of the number of tenants getting discounts during the third quarter, I think we were giving them to about 70% of the move-ins versus about, I think, 73% or 75% last year. But the absolute dollars of discounts are actually up because our rental rates are higher than that, than the percentage decrease in the absolute number. So, we are giving less but it's translating into more dollars because our rental rates are up. I think for the quarter our discounting, just to give you some numbers we gave away about $23 million of discounts. That's versus $22 million last year. So we're up about 5% there.
John Reyes: This is John, David. I think California's probably, as you pointed, because of Prop 13 is probably the biggest variable. I think most other states, depending on what you think market is or what assessors think market is, I think most of our properties are either assessed each year or every other year, at the worst. So, they're probably for the most part fairly close to market, but I'm guessing at that. I don't know because, again, I don't know what the assessors are looking at.
John Reyes: Right now, yes, we've looked at 7, 10, 12, 15, 30 year debt. So right now, when we go out there and issue debt again, we'll probably look at how it's -- we want to properly tranche the debt so that we feel comfortable with future fill-up maturities. So, I think right now for us we're not ready to do another one but when we do we will look at the various maturity dates.
John Reyes: No. You'd have to ask yourself what's the cost of capital of issuing common stock. There's growth -- I'm sure you're just looking at a cap rate of whatever you think it is trading at. For example, say you're saying it's a 4 cap rate. But it will probably grow somewhere in the neighborhood of 3.5%, 4% on an unlevered basis, which, in my mind, brings the cost of capital issuing common somewhere in the neighborhood of, call it, 6% to 7%, which, again, when you combine that with a de-levered balance sheet I think our first choice right now is to lever up the balance sheet with debt and fund our acquisitions and development programs with that method first going forward. That's not to say we won't issue equity for the right transaction. If the right transaction came along we'd certainly consider issuing equity.
