Edward John Reyes: Thank you, Clem. Our second quarter core FFO per share was $1.62 compared to $1.43 last year, a 13% increase. Five items contributed to this growth. First, our same-store net operating income increased by 8.3%, adding $0.12 per share; our non-same-store properties added $0.03; last year's acquisition of affiliated partnership interests added $0.02; lower financing costs added $0.04; ancillary operations, primarily our tenant reinsurance business, added $0.01. Partially offsetting this was $0.03 per share from lower interest income. We completed several capital transactions in the second quarter. We issued $288 million of preferred securities, with a rate of 5 5/8%, and called for redemption $416 million, with an average rate of 6.7%. Assuming no further reissuances, preferred dividends are expected to be about $8 million lower in the third quarter of 2012 as compared to last year. With that, I will now turn it over to Ron.
Edward John Reyes: Christy, last year, we had some really aggressive promotional discounts in a couple of markets, which we did not do this year because the -- we kind of didn't get the benefit in terms of rate and promotional discounts versus move-in volume, so we've moderated those this year. So you've seen some degradation in occupancy and an uptick in the in-place rents and the rental revenue and lowered promotional discounts. And that varies by market, and the operating results vary greatly by market, where on a revenue-growth basis. France was down 1.6% on same-store basis, whereas the U.K. was up 3.5% and Belgium was up almost 7%. So it varies by market. So what you're seeing is a blend, but the big picture is better pricing reduced discounts this year with some impact on move-in volume.
Edward John Reyes: Michael, this is John. We are still pushing rental rate increases to existing tenants. We're sending out as many renewals this year as we did last year. The rate increases are higher this year than last year. Can we continue to do that into next year? We're going to continue to try to do that. We see no reason why we couldn't do that. Part of our revenue growth was also driven by reductions and discounts, as Ron mentioned. So we picked up a good chunk of growth in the second quarter by reducing discounts to those new incoming tenants. So we're continuing to drive our revenues mostly with increases to existing tenants but also with reduced discounts to new incoming tenants.
Edward John Reyes: Well, again, the growth that we experienced is primarily driven by increases to existing tenants. That's primarily the biggest driver. And as I mentioned to Michael on the previous color that we drove growth about 100 basis points by reduced discounts. Market rents, those that are charged -- that are theoretically charged to new move-ins, although our market rents are higher, the rents that are actually taken by the move-ins were about flat year-over-year. And our move-in volume, as Ron mentioned, was about flat year-over-year. So we really didn't drive revenue on the new move-in customer other -- with the exception of reduced discounts to them. But on the peer volume and rate to those customers, it was a basically a push on a year-to-year basis.
Edward John Reyes: Street rents, Mike, are all over the place depending, obviously, what part of the country we're in. They were probably up anywhere from 3% to 5%. But with that said, we discount occasionally off of those. When we -- if a customer comes in via the web, there's a discount. So again, the actual rate that's taken was about flat. In terms of the in-place rent, the in-place rent is still -- it fluctuates depending on the time of the year because we drive street rents, which can then go higher than in-place rents. And through that -- throughout the quarter, it was probably up about 5% on a year-over-year basis. But let me see if I can answer your question in a different way because it might be what you're really looking for. People were moving in at roughly $114 per unit on rent, but they were moving out at about $120 during the quarter. So net-net, we -- on just the pure rate alone, we were in a rent roll-down, which we were last year also. But I think that's really the question that you're trying to fish for.
Edward John Reyes: Michael, roughly 60% of our tenants appear to have come to us from the Internet. And the reason I say appear because some of them make reservations on our website, and some of them call our call center using the telephone number that they got from our website. So if you combine those 2 together -- they didn't make a reservation on the website, but they've made a reservation at a call center. So we kind of combine those 2, and so roughly, about 60% of our tenants are coming to us, or at least those that make reservations and moving in, are coming to us via the web and our website.
Edward John Reyes: We do. We have, in addition to the stuff that we've already called, there is -- we've got about 5 other series of preferreds that are callable. Two of them -- the 2 highest coupon ones that are -- they're probably the next ones that we did so desire to call are Series X and the Series F. Both of those have a coupon of about 6.45%. And combined, they're about close to $400 million.
Edward John Reyes: And Neil, it depends on the market and the property. We look at each of those factors, the demography, the move-out rates, what happens to them after the -- we do give increases, how much long -- how quickly do they move out because there is an uptick in move-out activity. And we weigh that versus how much of an increase we're going to give particular customers within certain markets and certain properties. So it's all kind of thrown into the mix. Because at the end of the day, we're trying to optimize our revenues without totally having people pack up and move.
Edward John Reyes: Well, I could tell you what we've done, Michael, which we're pretty much done now for the bulk of the year. We've sent out very little increases in the third and fourth quarter. Actually, I shouldn't say the third quarter. I mean, in September and -- to the back end of the year, and the increases on average were about a little over 9% compared to last year of about 8%.
Edward John Reyes: Oh, yes. Because you'll --again, you'll lose some of that. So people won't stick around. So you get a incremental pop-in or increase in move-in volumes. So on a net-net basis, we'll probably able to expect to kind of really get out of the 9%, get maybe about a 6% out of it.
Ronald L. Havner: Thank you, John. The second quarter benefited from solid demand, resulting in record-high occupancies and higher realized rents. In Q2, we reduced media spend by 44% or about $1.5 million, as well as promotional discounts. Net customer acquisition costs declined as customer move-in volumes remained constant despite lower media and promotional discounts. At the end of July 2012, occupancy, asking rents and in-place rents were all higher than the same period last year. In Q2, Denver and Charlotte markets led the country with revenue growth of 8.7%, followed by Miami and Detroit at 6.6%. Los Angeles, our largest market, grew 4.4%; and San Francisco, our second largest market, grew -- revenues increased by 6.2%. Given the trends in our occupancies and rates, we expect our Q3 media spend will be comparable to last year. In Europe, same-store NOI improved by 2% despite a challenging operating environment. We recently completed the purchase of 5 facilities with about 377,000 square feet for $52 million. We're currently under contract to acquire 2 more facilities for about $30 million. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, that's a lot of questions there. Basically, I don't think the -- I think the VAT tax is going to be negative. That's effectively a 20% price increase. And we've been told that, in fact, that's going in place October 1. So my guess is it will be negative. How much, we don't know. I think we have 25%, 30% business customers. So obviously, they won't pay it, but the retail customer will be paying it.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, I'll start -- big picture on the Internet. Last time I looked at it, we get 75%, 80% of our inquiries organically, which means we don't have to pay for them. And that's certainly attributable to the brand name. When we talk to the experts at the search firms and Google, that's a pretty unparalleled level of organic search, not just in our industry but across industries in the U.S. So I would say our brand has a tremendous benefit to us on the web and obviously, a lower cost to drive Internet traffic vis-à-vis our competitors and the local operators. As time has gone on, we continue to drive more traffic through the web. So more of our volume is coming through there, and you can see that in our Internet spend, which is probably up $1 million, $1.5 million year-over-year. But our cost per click is continuing to go down. So we're getting more volume but the cost of each net customer is less than it was a year ago. I don't know if that addresses everything you were trying to ask.
Ronald L. Havner: I didn't, but I'll give them to you. So at the end of July, occupancy was 93.1% versus 92.9% last year.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, a couple of things, Neil. First of all, I don't think we have any peers, but -- second of all, I think if you run through the model -- run through one of your models, if we did $1 billion of acquisitions and use preferred, call it 5.25%, and we bought $1 billion at say, 6%. And a 6% yield is about 100 basis points wide of the large New York portfolio done last year. We had 50 to 75 bps on yield on $1 billion. So you're talking $5 million or $6 million. So I don't think, if you run it through your model, you'd see that, that has a huge impact on our earnings growth. And the second part is there's not $1 billion of any property in any markets to be had. If you look at the acquisitions in the first half of the year, all the public companies combined, I think they bought about $200 million, excluding stuff that they bought from joint ventures. So -- and I'll just assume everyone's buying A properties in A markets. That's only $200 million in the first half of the year. Let's assume it's a $400 million or $500 million run rate. So there's just not a lot of A product in A markets coming to the marketplace right now.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. The -- this is kind of bad, but the great thing about the short sales, the bank foreclosure stuff is they're generally under-managed, under-occupied and acquired at 40 [ph] good discounts to replacement cost. So if I could buy 1 billion of those, that would be fantastic. But they're hard to come by. They're challenging to negotiate through the sellers, through the banks, but they are a great long-term value add to the portfolio.
Ronald L. Havner: No, the stuff we bought in July had been open 4, 5 years. It was managed by a public company, but it just wasn't run well. And the other problem with that is banks are generally not going to put capital -- needed capital into the property. So anyone managing is going to have a challenge achieving good occupancies because they can't make the investment to space mix changes, water leaks, roof, those kinds of things. So when we buy them, we like that. We can easily refit them, rebrand them and then get them to our 92%, 93% occupancy.
Ronald L. Havner: It varies deal by deal. It really does. So we're looking at all-in costs, the rebranding costs. One of the acquisitions we did, we had to buy a parcel of land behind it so we could create another entranceway into the property. But that was all factored in when we underwrote the transaction.
Ronald L. Havner: David, I think we are. We're getting there. If I look at Holland, while year-over-year occupancy is down 3.6% with 75% at the end of the quarter versus 77.7% last year. But the revenue growth is still declining about 2%. But that rate of growth has slowed. We've got a good team in there, and so I think we'll see Holland, maybe not this year but next year, turn positive for us and we'll push the occupancies in that market. So I'm feeling pretty good about Holland. Our new CEO over there is doing a great job. He's out in field operations a lot. So I think he's gaining traction. The market that's kind of started hurting us is our largest market, France, where we're backwards on occupancy there as well, 2.8%. Revenue growth is down 1.6%, but that market has gotten pretty soft over the last 6 months.
Ronald L. Havner: I think there's -- it's in general, in France. I don't know whether it was in June or July that there's a proposal to increase wages for everyone over there by I think 2% or 3%. And so -- and our workers in France are unionized. So they decided to go on strike for a day to emphasize that they wanted that 2% or 3% wage increase. So we have various things like that challenging us in France.
Ronald L. Havner: I think you have to step back, David. In Europe, there's 1,200, 1,400 facilities. Probably half of them are not even product we would want, maybe even 3/4 of them. Europe is really more of a development opportunity. The really quality portfolios -- take Big Yellow. It's not over-leveraged. It's well run, smart group of guys running that portfolio. There's some regional operators over there that also have some quality assets. But to our knowledge, they're not over-leveraged. So they're not in financial distress. So there's not a lot of distressed product of quality, as best we can tell, available in Europe.
Ronald L. Havner: In Europe, yes. But we call last -- I think we went through this last quarter, we're really focused on taking our cash flow in Europe and de-leveraging. So we can hopefully get to investment grade late 2013, early 2014. So that's really our principal focus in terms of capital deployment in Europe is de-leveraging.
Ronald L. Havner: Paula, we have a excellent HR team headed up by Candy, and she works closely with Shawn, our COO, and John Sambuco. And they look at turnover all the time, and they look at recruiting across markets. In fact, we have a weekly meeting on new staffing, both at the field level and the district manager level. So we -- it's something we monitor very closely. We've been fortunate on the property manager, relief manager side that our turnover is flat to down versus last year. And on the DM side, we're hiring fewer DMs this year because we've had a little less turnover. But on a District Manager side, we're challenged in markets that you would expect, like Washington, D.C., Baltimore, which has incredibly low unemployment. So those markets are harder to fill. But overall, we're doing fine on the turnover side. We haven't noticed a big uptick. Corporate-wide, turnover is not really -- pretty low.
Ronald L. Havner: Todd, it really just depends on the opportunity. As I touched on before, we're -- there's not a lot out there. But what is out there, we're trying to garner. We have, system-wide or company-wide, about $5 billion to $6 billion of preferred capacity. So we have plenty of firepower. It's really just predicated on the right opportunity.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, we impute a cost to carry to get it to a stabilized deal in our own internal analysis. So we try to discount back that. To your point, a property that has 3 years to lease up is not -- it has a different value than one that is already stabilized. So we try to impute -- well, we don't try, we do impute our cost of capital, our carrying cost associated with that. And we're also acquiring stabilized properties. We bought -- in the first quarter -- second quarter, we bought 2 properties here in Southern California that -- one was I think 70% and the other is 80% occupied, more mature properties. And there, we paid $130, $135 a foot, much closer to replacement cost but they're good properties in good locations.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, '05, '06 was quite a while back. There were a couple of things that impacted our numbers in that period of time. Probably the most impactful, Michael, was hurricanes. I think there were 2 or 3 down in Florida, and that filled up most of our Florida properties for 1 year or 2, with no promotional discounts. You could call it self-storage nirvana, and that was in our '05, '06 numbers. We haven't had hurricanes down there for a while, or they haven't impacted the storage facilities. So that's certainly a wild card in our operating results going forward. The other thing that impacted us in '07, '08 was the Shurgard Merger. If you recall, they're about 8% to 10% lower occupancies than us. And so that impacted our property occupancies pretty significantly during that period, in part due to cannibalization. Going forward, I don't know if you asked me if we will be reporting 5% same-store revenue growth this quarter versus the exceptional performance we had last year, I would have said that wouldn't happen. So I've been surprised by the robustness of the business, as well as the fact that we're issuing 5 handled [ph] preferred. I did not expect that last year. So my forecasting abilities aren't great. What I do know is we're in a great business, and it continues to perform well. And we've seen good demand across the country. Being able to drive -- hold up -- hold move-in volume, while reducing promotional discounts and media spend, to me says a lot about the robustness of the business.
Ronald L. Havner: I'd say it's more lack of supply in terms of quality product versus change in preference or anything like that. It's really a supply issue.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. Let me give you the same-store growth. Tampa was up 2.7% in the quarter, which is at the low end of our top 20. Orlando was up 4%, and Miami was up 6.6%, one of our best-performing markets in the quarter. So we've got Tampa, Orlando down at the lower growth end and Miami just on fire there at 6.6%. Phoenix is not in our top 20. But its same-store revenue growth for the quarter was 1.2%. Vegas was pretty well flat, but it is moving up as well. And I expect that to be positive, probably in the back half of the year and not -- and next year. Does that -- I'm not sure if that addresses your...
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I have a new COO to train here in the U.S. I have a new CEO in Europe, and I like to participate in acquisition opportunities. And then 2 weeks ago, I got Shawn, our new COO. We spent a week in the car going through the Carolinas in Atlanta. So it's always good to get out in the field. So that's what I tend to do.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think there is development activity. Why isn't it more robust? Probably due to financing. Certainly, the more well-capitalized regional operators have access to capital. And we've heard, we've seen a number of them talk about development some of them are starting. But the majority of the product, which comes in the onesies and twosies, everything we know of those guys are still having a big challenge in terms of getting financing to undertake development. And if you think about development as a whole, and we may have covered this last time over the last 10, 12 years, there's probably been 15,000 facilities developed. I don't know the exact number, but the public companies contributed a very, very small fraction of that. Most of it came from local people building 1 to 5 facilities. And those are the people that are pretty well capital constrained at that time -- at this time. Did that change going forward? It really depends on the banking industry. Does it make sense to build in some markets? Well, certainly in New York, if you could sell at $400 or $500 a foot. Can you build less than $400 or $500 a foot? Yes. So is it New York market, where it makes sense to build? I think so.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Michael. I would say, if we were to really get going and as I think I touched on last quarter, we -- I think we do 35, 40 properties, third-party management. So we've been in that business for -- since our -- since inception because when we first started Public Storage, when we started out, we sold our properties, and we managed them. So we've been in the third-party business for 40 years. We would undertake third party as -- overall as a business that made sense. As I've said before, filling up someone's properties so I can turn around and buy it at a higher price, just I have trouble with the economics of that. But in terms of run -- doing the third-party business and making it that business and profitable, we're continuing to evaluate that.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I'm sure we've taken some market share. But -- and I know that some other people talk about that as the big thing. But just step back and look at the fact that the public companies, in aggregate, have less than 10% share of the industry. Now certainly, some certain markets and for us, you take Seattle and Minneapolis where we're by far the dominant operators, the public companies really aren't there, and we have very good share. We've seen good demand in those markets. So I would say it's not really -- we're not taking away from the smaller operators. That is aggregate demand for the product is good, is robust. So I don't think there's a material impact of this kind of market share thing between large and small operators, because the large operators just have such a small fraction of the total industry.
Ronald L. Havner: They could but generally, the better assets in the better markets are already pretty well occupied. If you go from 87% to 92% on a 1,000-unit property, you're talking 50, 60 spaces. It's not going to really change the dynamics of that particular submarket.
