Ronald L. Havner: Thanks, Clem. We had a pretty good quarter Q4 and year in 2014. I want to commend the operations field support, [indiscernible] the Real Estate Groups for doing such a superb job last year and really positioning us well for a solid 2015. And with that, operator, let's open up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I'll say the portfolio is about 69%, 70% occupied on a trailing NOI basis the NOI is somewhere between 4% and 5% and you should know, European rental rates on average are about double the U.S.
Ronald L. Havner: Ki, if you look across the portfolio in Q4 and you'll see this when the K is out, you're going to see an acceleration on the West Coast market. For example, if you take Portland for the year it was up 7.4, but in Q4 was up 8.6, San Diego for the year was up 4.9, but for the fourth quarter up 6.6, Sacramento for the year up 4.7, but Q4 6.6, Los Angeles for the year 5.2, but for the quarter 6.1. So, you've seen a real acceleration in the rate of growth in our West Coast markets and then also in some of the Florida markets, Orlando for the year was 4.4, but in Q4 5.6.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think Smedes we've done some things to improve labor productivity in the course of 2014 and I would anticipate probably a little more normalized rate of increase in wages between 1% and 2% in 2015 year-over-year. And I say that not knowing the impact that Wal-Mart's decision to increase their wage rates is going to have in terms of our ability to recruit people. So that was just announced and I don’t know what impact that's going to have, because we usually, we're kind of in that labor market wage rate, so for our people that we hire is relief managers. So, hard to anticipate the impact of that right now.
Ronald L. Havner: Yeah, that was, we had some credits in the fourth quarter of last year that we didn't have in the fourth quarter of this year and then they accelerated some R&M and yeah, the credits were mainly related to property taxes. So they look higher, but I think if you look at the full year they are pretty good expense control for the full year.
Ronald L. Havner: Yeah, Todd, as you probably know 2014 the investments we made combined around $90 million $95 million are the first investments we made in quite some time in Shurgard. We've really been focusing on taking the cash flow and deleveraging the entity with a completion of the private placement in June of last year, refinancing the debt, Shurgard has a fair amount of free cash flow and so they've been ramping up their opportunity set in terms of acquisitions and development. And so, at year end I think we have three or four properties in the pipeline to develop in London and then we did this acquisition in Germany. And I would anticipate that you'll see more activity out of Shurgard in 2015. We generally don't comment on transactions and they've got some stuff in the hopper, so I don’t want to really get into what the details are, but I would anticipate that Shurgard will be active again in 2015.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. Our underwriting of to achieve stabilization has not changed. It's generally somewhere between three and four years depending on the property size and that achievement of stabilization and part of our underwriting is we impute a cost to carry until we do achieve stabilized NOI. So far we've been fortunate. I believe most if not all of our developments are ahead of schedule in terms of pro forma occupancies and cash flow. They are not ahead of schedule in terms of achieving targeted rents and that's by design in terms of we use a different pricing strategy for developments than we do for stabilized properties. The Bronx, the Gerard property is actually about 92% occupied today, which if you would ask me 18 months ago when it opened, if it would be at 92% occupied and 18 months with 4000 units, I would have laughed. So the pricing group, the marketing groups have done a great job in operations in getting that property filled up and that's kind of the way it's working across the platform. So hopefully, we'll be delivering pleasant surprises with respect to our developments, but our underwriting hasn’t changed.
Ronald L. Havner: We were fortunate that our intercompany loan, we financed just about a month before the precipitous decline in the euro, because that would have been a real hit.
Ronald L. Havner: Yeah, you know in Europe we've gotten really aggressive on pricing to drive occupancy and we've been able to do that. I think we're up 500, 600 basis point year-over-year in occupancy, but the net effect of both of those is that we've still been able to deliver positive revenue for available foot growth. So while the rates have gone down, the volume has increased greater, so revenue growth is positive. I would expect that to continue in 2015 because our average for year 2014 was about 86% and Mark and the team over there are targeting to get their portfolio up to 90% to 91%. So I think you'll see probably continued in place rent movement down offset by higher volume and I think we'll see some pretty good top line revenue growth net, net out of Shurgard in 2015.
Ronald L. Havner: Yeah Mike, your question might lead to what is the financing capacity of Shurgard and under their loan the private placement that they did in June, I think they have borrowing capacity of another €100 million, €150 million.
Ronald L. Havner: Mike, I'll start and I'll let John add to this. You know, if you look at Q4 we were able to do what I think are two really incredible things. We were able to move period in occupancy up 0.8% which is a real achievement in the fourth quarter as well as move in-place rents up from 4.6% to 4.9%. So, moving in-place rents as well as the occupancy in Q4 really set us up nicely for January.  And if you go back to what we've been talking about, our opportunities on occupancy are really in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. So what we did on the promotional discounts and the television in Q4 not only helped our positioning, our revenue growth in Q4, which accelerated over Q3, but it's positioned us nicely going into Q1 for higher occupancies and higher in-place rent.
Ronald L. Havner: The third bucket Mike, just to add to that is, customers greater than a year up-ticked in Q4 as well at 56.7% versus 55.8%. So we ended the year with about 10,000 plus more customers in that age cohort of greater than a year.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Q1 is typically a low product opportunity. There's not a lot of product coming into the marketing in Q1. It really starts to pick up in Q2 and Q3. So there's not a lot of stuff in the market right now in terms of acquisitions. As we move through 2014, I would tell you pricing continued to get more and more aggressive. We've moved out into some other markets, where we have a strong presence, but out of some of the more core competitive markets in terms of acquisitions and I would tell you, I mean there's deals getting done well below five cap rates on the acquisition front, which is I'd have to say we somewhat saw this coming a couple years ago which is why we've accelerated the development pipeline. And if you look at our pipeline it's almost double what it was at the end of 2013 and I think you'll see us continue to try to accelerate that form of expansion vis-à-vis acquisitions. We are very happy with our development pipeline, both the growth of it and the quality of the assets.
Ronald L. Havner: Well it's simple and so it's more and I'd tell you it's more than people realize. We had a real estate meeting yesterday and I was surprised that the number of markets where we're starting to see development. So there is a fair mount more activity than people realize. And it's logical, like if you are a developer and you've got these public companies buying the CIVO deals nice bridge to what you can build it for. Why not build the product? And it is coming to market. You know and Texas is an easier market to build in and so there is a fair amount of product coming online in Dallas and Houston, the Carolinas. So we're going to see more and more development.
Ronald L. Havner: Ross, we are trying, you know it may relative to our size $400 million may not look like a lot, but that's what we reported on is like a pipeline of 29, 30 properties, behind that or another 25 or so properties that we're working on to get into the development pipeline. So there is a lot of properties in that mix. We've ramped up the staff considerably and as we get more and more comfortable in terms of the market, people in place, the experience, I think you will see the development pipeline increase. The great thing about the development pipeline is obviously we're building the replacement cost, we're building brand now product. We're getting into submarkets where there is little competition and where we have little product. So we're really able with the development teams to fill in markets and submarkets that we want to be in and really improve our market share and the quality of our portfolio in the various markets.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Ross it's still hard to do, but as I just touched on with Dave Bragg, there is more development going on and it is accelerating. If you think back two years ago no one was really talking about development except us and now you go to the self storage conferences and everyone's talking about development and trying to do it. So, I believe you will see an acceleration of development. We are seeing it and it will continue to accelerate. And in some markets like Austin there was a portfolio that traded north of 200 bucks a foot and we're developing in Austin at $80 to $90 a foot. I assume a local guy there can development at $100. I mean that's a big spread I'd say.
Ronald L. Havner: In terms of, yes, yes, now I know. Where we're seeing the more development in markets where you would expect the southeast where it's easier to build and Texas where it's easier to build. So it's logical, oh and yes, Dave Doll is here in New York. New York we started to see development pick up 18 months ago and a lot of stuff is really coming online in New York. So those are the major markets. And we're doing some stuff, but we are doing some stuff in California. We don't see other people doing stuff in California, not a lot in Florida to give you some idea.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, we've been doing redevelopment for five or eight years. In terms of what other people are doing I can't comment. I mean that's an ongoing part of our program. So we've been doing it and we will continue to do that.
John Reyes: Yeah, this is John. From a discounting standpoint, we increased our discounting during the fourth quarter, which was consistent with what we talked about in the third quarter conference call. We wanted to ramp up the occupancy spread and we were going to discount more as well as spend more on television advertising which we did and we were able to accomplish our goal of increasing our occupancy. In terms of street rates and move-in rates they were both higher in the fourth quarter relative to fourth quarter of last year. On the moving rate which is more important to the street rate, moving were coming in at about 4% higher and we got about 4% more move-ins also. So it was a great quarter. We accomplished what we wanted to accomplish, so we're pretty happy with that.
John Reyes: Into January we did a little bit more television and move-in volumes kind of flattened out a little bit, but we were increasing street rates more and so we pretty much broke even on the move-ins, but they were moving in at rates that were higher than the 4% I would say.
John Reyes: Yeah, you know, if you're referring specifically to New York and we talked about that in the third quarter also, where we mentioned that as part of the problem we had was a year-over-year comp because we saw a huge lift from super storm Sandy, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012 and that carried over in throughout 2013 where occupancies were very high in New York and we were experiencing above the average rental rate growth. When we got to 2014 then the comps became very difficult and so that's what you're seeing in New York, and if you're looking at Q3 and the when we show you Q4 in our 10-K you'll see a similar thing. But what we are seeing now as the comps now, we're kind of rounding the corner again, New York is beginning to fare better, meaning that the year-over-year growth is going, is starting to rise and get back on track to what I would say normal growth would be for it.
John Reyes: No, I think right now we're not under pressure to do anything even though our development pipeline is ramping up as we've noted in the press release, but for the most part the ramp up in development can be funded with our retained cash flow. So the big question mark for us is the acquisition environment and how that plays out for the rest of the year. Currently we're sitting on about $150 million to $180 million of cash. Most of that is from that preferred that we issued in December. But as Ron said, we are looking at potentially issuing that, but that's not something that we feel under pressure to be doing any time soon.
John Reyes: Yes we did. As I mentioned we did television in Q4. We did some in January. We continue to evaluate the effectiveness of television advertising. My gut is that we will probably do similar amounts as we did in 2014, but that kind of remains to be seen. Our occupancies are so high right now; it gets more and more difficult to justify spending television advertising dollars. With respect to other advertising, we continue to spend money on either search terms with both Google and Yahoo and I expect that to continue probably at the same paces we've experienced in 2014.
John Reyes: Well, there's not a lot we can do about the dollar strengthening against the euro, that’s we're really trying to, it is certainly going to have a negative effect on Public Storage, given that I think for all of 2014, I think the average exchange ratio was somewhere about 1.32, where as the euro, I think that exchange rate today is somewhere down about 1.54. So it's about a 13%, 15% decline there. Meaning all things being equal, the income we pick up from Shurgard Europe will go down. Keep in mind however that Shurgard Europe represents about 5% of our FFO or so. So it's not a significant impact on the overall Public Storage earnings potential.
John Reyes: The €40 million is a revolver Mike, and so it has a term of about three and half years. So yes, they're putting it in place to help fund the acquisition, but to the extent they do pay it down between now and the facility expires they can redraw on the line on that revolver.
John Reyes: And I would add to that, I think that street rates are going to be higher this year. I think we're seeing competition now pushing street rates more aggressively than they have in the past, probably due to the fact that their occupancies are much higher than they have experienced before, which overall is a good thing for Public Storage because that's been one of our more difficult places to grow revenue. So, as I mentioned, we are seen move-in rates starting to accelerate. Hopefully that will continue. I would also think that the level of discounting will subside, will come down. In Q4 we gave away approximately $20 million of discounts. On an annual basis that's about $80 million. So there's a lot of room to reduce discounting. So we'll work on that also.
John Reyes: Yeah, Ki, I don’t have that in front of me, but I would, my gut reaction is probably somewhere about 76 versus, I don’t know a little less than that last year.
