Ron Havner: Thank you, Clem. Welcome everyone. We had another solid quarter here in Q2. So, let’s open it up for questions.
Ron Havner: That’s a lot of questions, Ki, but I’ll try to answer it. And then, I’ll have John chime in with some details. If you look at the same store portfolio and growth year-over-year between -- in our top 20 markets, you see two markets that really stand out, Denver and Houston. Denver’s revenue growth year-over-year declined by 8.3% and Houston year-over-year by 6.6%. So, those markets declined from nearly double-digit growth last year to about 2% this year, and then you’ve got Washington DC chugging along down there at about 2% growth as well. But the big declines were in Houston and Denver. And those are also markets where occupancy degradation was probably 150-200 basis points. So, challenging markets, we have fair amount -- there is a fair amount of new supply in the markets, we have a number of properties and to fill up. So, there is some cannibalization of the product there. But I think Houston itself has some general economic slowdown there. The other markets, our West Coast markets are doing phenomenal from San Francisco to LA to Seattle, Sacramento and they’re full. So, they are not able to grow enough in terms of occupancy to offset the decline in markets like Denver and Houston. So that’s kind of the big picture in terms of revenue growth.
Ron Havner: Supply, in Houston, you’ve also got, I think there is some impact there from the slowdown in the oil industry, probably some outmigration of people in that marketplace right now.
Ron Havner: Well, certainly, there is new supply. And I’ve been saying for a year or two years that new supply will definitely impact revenue growth. And certainly, in markets I think like Denver, New York, it is impacting to some degree our revenue growth. But if you look across the markets, you got Denver down 8%, Houston down 6%, Chicago and West Palm Beach were down 2% but everything else is plus or minus 1%, kind of the standout on the upside were Seattle 2% change in the growth rate year-over-year and Sacramento up 3% year-over-year. Sacramento had a phenomenal quarter up 11.8% in terms of total revenue growth. So, everything else is kind of bouncing around plus 1, minus 1. But then, you’ve got these big anchors there in terms of Chicago, Houston and Denver.
Ron Havner: Sure. I think it continues to expand. I don’t have the second quarter numbers from all the public companies yet. But last year, at the Self Storage Association, I gave kind of a projection of 30 million square feet to be delivered this year. And using the same methodology, it’s up to about 38 million square feet. So, whether my methodology is correct or not, if you extrapolate that, there has been about a 20% uptick in the volume of new supply in the last 12 months. Again, it varies. As I have continued to say, it varies by market. Certainly the lower barrier entry markets such as Dallas, Houston, parts of Florida, people think of New York as a low barrier to entry market, but there is a lot of supply coming in New York. Those are markets that are gaining, I would say, above average growth. And supply, while markets like San Francisco, Seattle and even most of LA have an absence of new supply.
Ron Havner: Well, last year, I said the development pipeline was hitting about 500 million, I thought that was a peak; and Dave Doll and the team down there have moved it up to 600 million, certainly some of those properties will fall out. But, I’m pleased with what we do have in the pipeline. We’re going to have about 180 million of the deliver in the back -- in the second half of this year. So, it will come down, we’ll see if the team can replace that 180 million. We continue to develop, we see attractive yields; in some markets, just there is some cannibalizations. Although we trying, very focused in terms of developing where we don’t have existing product right near our current products. That’s not always the case, there is some cannibalization. And certainly smaller markets like Austin, Texas where we put a lot of product over the previous two years and we’ve seen a lot of other new product, there has been kind of greater than average cannibalization, say in a market like Dallas where we are building, mainly in North Dallas where we don’t have much product.
Ron Havner: The percentage of customers greater than a year for the second quarter was up to a 56.5%, which is an improvement from last year’s 55.9%; and two years ago, it was down at 54%. So, we have moved that 2.5% over the last couple of years.
Ron Havner: Generally, as you reduce rates, customer duration gets longer. And, so that by definition then or axiomatically would say, okay if customer duration increases, percentage of customers greater than year increases, therefore the more customers eligible for annual rate increase. I don’t know if that’s going to happen, but I mean that’s -- in theory, that’s what would happened.
Ron Havner: It has no impact, I mean we’ll deal with whatever kind of unfolds in Brexit. Keep in mind in Europe, over the next 12 to 18 months, you have a substantial number of elections, which could change the political environment quite dramatically over in Europe combined with the Brexit. So, we will see how it plays out.
Ron Havner: Well, the decision was, we had a great candidate, a person Maria Hawthorne, who was capable of ascending to the CEO position at PS Business Parks, a 31 year employee, and which then made Joe available. Joe has a phenomenal track record at PSB. We have not had a COO at Public Storage for about a year and a half. And so, he is a great addition to the management team.
Ron Havner: Yes. If it’s under contract and not closed, I’m not going to comment on that. So, if we get it closed, that’s a good question for next quarter.
Ron Havner: I’ll will start and let John finish. Go back to my earlier comments of a number markets whether it’s Sacramento, Seattle, even LA, Dallas, San Francisco, we during the second quarter here, we were full last year at 96%, 97%; we were full again this year at 96%, 97%. So, in terms of net pick up in move-in volumes, there was no more space to sell this year than it was last year. Where the markets are soft whether it’s Houston, Chicago, Denver, as John touched on, we’re cutting rates and it seems to be a demand issue. And so, that’s where you probably had the greater fall off in move-in volume. So, think of it as part of your portfolio, a good part of your portfolio is just sold out year-over-year, and so you’re not going to have much of change in move-in volume. And the stuff that is soft, is where you’re going to have degradation in move-in volumes precipitating the change in rates that John touched about.
Ron Havner: Well, Michael, those are all good questions but we’re little early in Joe’s tenure up here at Public Storage to really answer all of that. As you know Joe and REIT community knows Joe, he’s an established leader and accomplished CEO. So, he brings much more to the table than the COOs that I have had. And two, I’ve worked with Joe for 13 years, at PS Business Parks. So, I have a pretty good understanding of his capabilities. Right now, he is focused on learning our business and learning our markets. So, right now, he has no direct operational responsibilities, he is out learning the business and learning the markets.
Ron Havner: No, Mike. So far, knock on wood, the developments are filling up ahead of plan. Now, keep in mind, we’ve had somewhat of a strategy of being a little aggressive on pricing and promotion in some of them to accelerate that. So, the real test would be in a year or two, do we achieve the targeted revenue level, as rates are stabilized. But for the most part there on average, ahead of plan, ahead of plan in terms of NOI, well ahead in terms of occupancy, and we are very happy with the developments, deliveries and what’s been happening. Our San Fernando Road property here in Glendale that we opened in the May last year is already 92%, 93% and is already at stabilized revenue level, so an absolute homerun.
Ron Havner: Yes. We pulled that package and have changed strategy in terms of what we are going to do in those markets. I can’t comment on that now because we are in the middle of trying to do a couple of things, but I would just we’ve pulled that transaction. We don’t have any properties on the market for sale right now. And maybe, next quarter or quarter after, I’ll be able to kind of explain what happened.
Ron Havner: Ryan, to add some color to that, what John just said on the 2013 acquisitions, our occupancies year-over-year were flat 94.6, but the contract rents were up 7.4%. And NOI growth on those was for the quarter about 12%. So, as John said, it will look -- make the numbers look nicer or stronger if we put them in from a objective reality and in terms of are they really stabilized or not; they are not, so we have kept them out.
Ron Havner: Todd, I am not quite sure I understand, are you implying or indicating that we should allocate more or less, I am not quite following your question. I am sorry.
John Reyes: Juan, this is John. Our rates, I would say, as we continue to the second quarter and into July, we have continued to -- overall, portfolio continued to ratchet rates downward, so that now our rates are below last year. We have also turned on more discounting, the dollar special discounting as well as discounting our websites. And as Ron mentioned, much of that is coming from some of these weaker markets. So, overall that’s down. But there is markets that are up, like the West Coast that Ron mentioned. So, I would expect, until we see this weakness -- and if the weakness is coming in on the demand side, our existing tenant base is not turning over any faster than it has previously; the move-ins that do come in are sticking around just as long as they have always had, I think the difficulty that we are seeing in these markets is just lack demand into our system and therefore, we are having to reduce pricing and increase promotions.
John Reyes: I don’t have that, but I could tell you in the quarter, the year-over-year delta in the move-in rate, last year the delta -- I’d say the year-over-year move-in rate delta is about -- we were up 3.9% on the move-in rate, but our move-in volume was down about 3%. So, overall, in terms of I would say contract or projected ramp, we were up slightly by about 0.5 percentage point.
John Reyes: Steve, this is John. I’d also add that advertising expense is going to uptick. And what we will be doing in some of these weaker performing markets is we will be increasing our advertising spend on the web, as well as we may increase our spend on television advertising sometime in the third quarter and into fourth quarter.
John Reyes: We’re still pushing rates, the renewal rates to existing tenants; we are still marching down the same path we have. We are obviously watching that to see if it’s triggering any ramp up and move-out activity. So far, it hasn’t. As I mentioned, the real struggle on some of these markets is on the front end and getting more demand into our system. But if it continues -- the weakness will continue -- we will just continue to cut rates and we will continue to discount until we finally couldn’t get to a point where we are comfortable that we’ve found an equilibrium that we are happy with. So, we are not afraid to cut rates. And we will go right after market share.
John Reyes: Yes, we are still sitting on increases to the existing tenant rates, just like we did very consistent with what we have done over the one or two years, and the range is somewhere between 8% and 10% increases. Again, we are not seeing that our existing tenant is any less stickier than they have been in past. In fact, I think Ron’s is getting through at it with the deck here, and I’ll let him do that out. But, the problem again in those weak markets that just trying to get the move-in volume coming in the door.
John Reyes: The year-over-year delta, I think the move-in -- I am going to refer it to what they’re move-in and out versus the street rates because street rates, they are not as important as the actual move-in rate that’s coming in, in the door. Move-in rates were down about 2.5% month-to-date compared to the same timeframe in July of last year. I’d say, again, just keep in mind that’s the average for entire system. Seattle’s probably up 6% to 8% and Houston’s probably down 5%. So, this is -- I am just going on averages here.
John Reyes: Ryan, this is John. The reason why we didn’t is because stabilization isn’t just about occupancy. I could fill up a property in a year by giving it away for free, right, and throw it into the same store the next year, and revenues would then just go skyrocketing. So, we view stabilization not only as stabilized occupancy but also the stabilization of the rental rates that the existing customers are paying. So, for those properties that we acquired in 2013 that we did not put in the same stores, even though the occupancies were mid-90s, the rental rates that were being charged to existing tenant base were still far below what we think stabilized numbers should be. So, those properties, we didn’t put in; they are still growing at a much more rapid year-over-year change than the same store properties that are operating in those same markets. So, clearly they are not stabilized. And so, we didn’t put them in.
John Reyes: From here on -- well, first off, Steve, it’s a different market mix than the same store pool; so, it’s hard to compare the two, sort of apples and oranges. But, if I would say that in terms of potential future growth in this, I think that will probably another 12 months to 18 months away for another kind of rate increase to existing tenants before we start getting to that level of them reaching that stabilization point.
John Reyes: All else being equal, if they’re in the same market, they should get there. But my point is that there in different market, the different market mix, and I’m not sure what they are. For example, if they are in Houston, could they get to the same market mix against same rates or same stores, probably not because Los Angeles and San Francisco dominate our same store pool. And they have much higher occupancies right now than Houston does.
John Reyes: Correct. So, you’re here asking me to compare apples and oranges. All I’m telling you is that they’re not stabilized and I expect that their growth will continue to outpace the existing same store growth, not only the growth of the overall same store portfolio but those properties that are in the same markets, they will continue to outpace them, just because of still filling up or stabilizing on rental rates.
