John Reyes: Thank you, Clem. Our fourth quarter core FFO per share was $1.66 compared to $1.45 last year, a 15% increase. Five items contributed to this growth: First, our same-store net operating income increased by 6.1%, adding $0.09 per share; nonsame-store properties provided $0.03 per share; buying affiliated partnership interest in the third quarter added $0.02; our investment in Shurgard Europe added $0.02 per share, driven primarily by Shurgard's first quarter acquisition of the remaining interest in 2 joint ventures; and lower financing cost added $0.05 per share. We recently completed several capital transactions in the first quarter. We issued $460 million of 5.9% preferred stock, a record low coupon rate for us. We also announced the redemption of 3 preferred series totaling $357 million, having a blended rate of 6.75%. There will be a charge recorded in the first quarter associated with redemptions of about $13 million or $0.08 per share.  As a result of recent capital transactions, preferred dividends are expected to be about $4 million lower in the first quarter. In November, Shurgard Europe completed the refinancing of its joint venture loans with a new EUR 215 million term loan. This new loan, which will mature in November of 2014, has an interest rate of about 125 basis points lower than the joint venture loans. We also extended the maturity date of our 9% loan to Shurgard Europe to February 2015. We expect nominal paydowns on our loan in 2012. We increased our quarterly dividend to $1.10 per share, representing an increase of 16%. Since 2007, our dividend has more than doubled. Our consistent long-term dividend policy has been to distribute only our taxable income.  With that, I will now turn it over to Ron.
John Reyes: We're going to continue to send out increases, Christy, just like what was happening last year, probably send out more increases to existing tenants and probably a little more aggressive on the rates than what was done last year.
John Reyes: Well, the realized rent per square foot in Q4 was up 3.4%. For the year, it was up 2.8%. So rent, it moved up in Q4. So not sure if I know what your question is.
John Reyes: This is John. I mean, we can't give you a sense because we don't know. We kind of play it by ear, trying to maintain a certain occupancy level and revenue growth. So we will fluctuate our street rates as needed and our discounting will likewise also fluctuate as we go by. So we can't sit here and give you kind of some projection or estimate of what we think street rates will be.
John Reyes: We have quite a bit that are still callable, Paula. Roughly about almost $1 billion of preferreds are still callable, and that's after we've called the 3 series that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. To the extent that coupons continue to be driven down or stay low, we will continue to try to refinance some preferreds. We do have a preferred, that although not callable yet, will be callable in July. The $172 million at 7% and all other things being equal, we expect to call that preferred if we can continue to issue preferreds at the levels we've just been doing.
Ronald L. Havner: Thank you, John. The fourth quarter benefited from higher occupancy and better pricing. Our same-store movements were up 2% year-over-year in the quarter, offset by higher move-outs of 3%. By the end of January 2012, occupancy, in-place rents and asking rents were all higher than the same period last year. In Q4, all of our markets achieved positive revenue growth. The Detroit and Dallas markets led the country, with growth of about 8%. Los Angeles, our largest market, grew by 3%. San Francisco, our second largest market, increased by 5.4%, and the northeast markets grew by 6.1%. Given these positive trends in occupancies and rates, we expect our Q1 media spend will be about $1 million lower. Overall, we had a solid 2011. Our same-store properties generated NOI growth of 6% and we achieved record high occupancies of 91.1% for the year. We acquired about $500 million of various property interests and reduced leverage both debt and preferred by another $500 million. We have positive momentum going into 2012.  With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Okay, Christy, while I think that in 2012, we'll have a pretty challenging operating environment in Europe, whether we have positive revenue or NOI growth, I'm not going to comment on that. But I think it will be a challenging operating environment. France, our largest market, has slowed down. The bright spot, I think, for us in Europe in 2011 and going in 2012 is London. We rolled out a new website, new online pricing, last year in London, and we were able to drive occupancies to 87% in the fourth quarter, up from 83.7% last year. So a nice uptick in occupancy and you could tell at 87%, I think that's higher than the overall portfolio average of about 85% for the quarter. So bright spot is London.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, I don't think I'm quite capable of commenting on the impact of oil prices on the economy or us. What we're seeing in January and into February is good momentum on the business in terms of move-in volumes. We're gaining some pricing power, and our occupancies are up over last year, which in January, end of February. So far, we're into Q1, we're feeling pretty good. I think the occupancy spread will narrow as the year goes along, which we touched on, I think, in the last quarter. So this will be a year of pricing and rental rate increases to existing customers, but we're feeling pretty good.
Ronald L. Havner: Ki, we have been more aggressive on our street rates, for the most part. I think what maybe you'll see us is turning back down on the discounting somewhat as we move forward. In terms of increases to existing tenant base, I would say that we're probably going to be pretty consistent with what we did in 2011. We had sent out more letters than we had the prior year and the average increase was about 8%, 8.5%. So I think you should see that we'll probably continue that policy. Will we change to a more of a rolling year? No.
Ronald L. Havner: I could tell you that the returns on that portfolio for the year were -- for this past year were approximately 8.5%, and there's a number of properties that are still relatively going to fill up. I think the average occupancy of that portfolio, I think for the fourth quarter, was somewhere in the neighborhood of about 84%. So we still haven't yet gotten it to where our same-store portfolio is performing. Most of that is here in Los Angeles. So there's still more room to grow on that.
Ronald L. Havner: One of the things that happened in the third quarter is we sent out a huge volume of rental rate increase letters, which had a significant impact of bumping that rent -- realized rent per square foot during the third quarter. But as time marches on, some of those tenants move out and they turn over generally in the fourth quarter. And so you'll see kind of a rent rolldown that happened, which is what you're noting. So that growth rate has moderated as a result of it.
Ronald L. Havner: I could comment on property taxes. Definitely, property taxes, we believe, are going to be higher than we saw in this past year. In fact, we are internally budgeting that property tax, this will probably be up somewhere in the neighborhood of 4% to 4.5%. So definitely higher than the 2% that we saw for fiscal 2011.
Ronald L. Havner: I would say no. Last year, as John touched on, we sent out more rental rate increase letters. We were a little more aggressive on the rates in terms of what those rate increases were. And yet, our percentage of customers in the portfolio greater than one year end of Q4 at about 56%, the same as last year. So we've not seen an uptick in the churn rate of our longer staying tenants.
Ronald L. Havner: The maintenance CapEx, Mike, it should be about the same as 2011, maybe slightly lower, and then the -- so that's mainly CapEx. R&M should be flat to slightly down in 2012. And in redevelopment, I think we've got $25 million, $30 million of stuff in the hopper right now, but we'll have some more starts going on during the year. So probably $40 million of redevelopments will actually -- the money will out the door this year. 4 or 5 of those redevelopments are the A-American properties that someone asked about earlier. We've gotten the plans done and those will be under redevelopment this year. And so those are some of the bigger properties with occupancy opportunities for the balance -- later in 2012 and into 2013.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I'll give you January, Michael. January, we ended at 89.8% versus 89.1% the prior year, so up 0.7%.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. Well, I guess there's 3 or 4 things, Mike, if I understand your question correctly. So we're going through Q1. Today, we're at higher occupancies. January, I gave you. So I mean, these Q1 occupancies should be higher than last year. We've got rental rate increases, which we're starting to send out. John touched on it about the same as last year. Pricing is up. Someone asked about that, what the pricing, was up 8%, 10%. And then the fourth variable will be promotional discounts, which we will probably dial down as we get into the summer months because we'll be at a higher occupancy level and feel better about it. Dial down discounts because we're basically full. That will be the variable that we'll play with as the year progresses.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, we're presented with opportunities from a variety of portfolios around the world, so we're always thinking about those. With respect to Canada, that portfolio is owned by the Hughes family. It's really up to them whether they want to sell or not. But our arrangement with them does not preclude us from going into Canada. They have the right to use the Public Storage name, but we could go into Canada as well and also use the Public Storage name. So there's no exclusivity in that arrangement for them with respect to Canada.
Ronald L. Havner: On the EUR 311 million loan, which is our 9% loan, the loan at Shurgard Europe, owes to Public Storage. There is no prepayment penalty. They can pay that off whenever they have the desire to. The repayments will probably not be any more than EUR 10 million to EUR 15 million in any one year until the Wells Fargo loan has been repaid. Wells Fargo is the one who provided the new loan to them.
Ronald L. Havner: Paula, this is Ron. No, they're not stabilized. I think the blended occupancy is about 65%, so there's uplift on occupancy there. And then I think we're going to -- assuming we consummate the transaction, put in about $1 million, $1.5 million of capital into the property.
Ronald L. Havner: It could be -- I touched on -- someone else asked the question, Paula. Street rates, higher street rates take a long time to kind of roll through the portfolio. The rental rate increases obviously have a more immediate impact. Promotional discounts and changing promotional discounts have a very immediate impact in terms of revenue growth. So we've got all 3 of those, plus we'll get some occupancy uptick this year.
Ronald L. Havner: Ross, the development is a market-by-market question, so it depends on which market. But I would say at this time, we have no plans for development.
Ronald L. Havner: I think the guys that CubeSmart bought their portfolio from have got a couple of properties under development in New York. I think the boroughs, there are several guys out there developing. There's a couple of guys down in Texas. That's about it. It's pretty light in terms of development activity, and I don't think any of the public companies have any plans for development. I haven't listened to their calls, but I don't think any of them are planning to develop.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Ross, the development, if you think about development in self-storage, it's not something that you undertake lightly. If you're going to do a development program, you have to get site acquisition people. That takes time for them to find properties. It takes 6 to 9 months to build the properties and 2 to 3 years to lease them up. So if we started development today, it will be 4 to 5 years before you really saw the stabilized income from those development activities. So it's a big decision in terms of undertaking a development program.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think if you go back in history over the last decade, most of that new development came from local operators, not from the public companies. While we had some, I think, extra space, had some -- as a percentage of new supply over the last decade, it was a very small fraction of the total new supply coming in the market were from public companies. So you got the local guys who were there, who were able to get very attractive financing either from banks or in the CMBS market. And I don't see that source of financing coming back anytime soon, much different than the apartment guys that have Fannie and Freddie to finance apartments. That simply doesn't exist in the self-storage business, and I've heard nothing to indicate that, that market is coming back anytime soon. So to speak, a great supplier, the local operator, is very capital constrained right now. And so for the industry, it's great in terms of supply, demand. You could see everyone's having a higher demand for their product, better pricing with very little supply on the horizon in the near term. And I would even say, the supply, longer term, it will be challenging to add meaningful new product to the industry.
Ronald L. Havner: Ki, we're constantly looking at redevelopment on our portfolio. We've been doing that for the last 5 or 7 years. I think on average, we probably put $40 million, $50 million a year into redevelopment a year. It's a nice add-on. I think we break out in the press release or in the Q how much incremental income we're getting from redevelopment, and it's quite a nice source of growth for us. Unfortunately, it's not in the billions. It's in the $50 million to $100 million, if we're really cooking along here. The returns are quite exceptional, well into the double digits as you can imagine because there's no land costs and the incremental costs of building is somewhere between $30 and $50 a foot. The great thing is just not enough of it and it's also very low risk because you know what the market is, what the rental rates are for the space that you're redoing.
Ronald L. Havner: Climate control adds a little bit. The bigger opportunities take out a land parcel, take out a single story, drive up building and tear it down and go multistory and re-densify the property. That's the bigger -- I don't know if there's a bigger opportunity, but that's the bigger return, bigger investment and where you get more meaningful return on the capital.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Ki, in terms of churn rate, we haven't seen an uptick in that, discernible. And as I touched on, at Q4, the percentage of customers in our portfolio greater than the year was the same as it was in 2010. So despite the more aggressive rental rate increases that John touched on for 2011, we haven't seen an erosion of our long-term customer base.
Ronald L. Havner: Michael, you're baiting me here. I'm going to be diplomatic and just say most of the stuff, well, I know all the stuff we bought in 2011 and what we're looking at in 2012 is below replacement cost. The stuff and the more distressed it is in terms of a bank liquidation or whatever, the farther below replacement cost we'd get. I think some of the well-marketed portfolios, higher quality stuff have been demonstrably above what our estimate would be of replacement cost.
David F. Doll: We are seeing an increased amount of owners coming to market, at least testing the waters this year than we did in the fourth quarter of last year, whether it be refinancing risk, certainty for tax structure, for closings in 2012, but we are beginning to see an increase in owners testing the waters. Clearly, the consolidation that we saw, that has been talked about, continues. I think last year the 4 REITs closed on about $1 billion worth of transactions versus about $400 million the prior year. So I think we'll see that trend continue into 2012.
David F. Doll: Sellers are struggling with deterioration to their operating results. So cap rates, about the same, maybe a tick lower, but clearly on trailing results. Pricing hasn't changed that much.
David F. Doll: I don't think there's a change in the quality. The transactions that occurred over the last year were generally relatively good portfolios in major markets. And I think that's what you'll see, at least us focusing on in the coming year as well.
David F. Doll: The difference, Mike, in that is that if it's a redevelopment, there's no added square footage. We're improving the infrastructure of the property, climate control. If we do redevelopment, we've added square footage.
