Ronald L. Havner: Thank you, Clem. The first quarter benefited from solid demand resulting in record-high occupancies and a higher realized rent. Net customer acquisition cost declined $2 per customer versus $31 per customer in 2012. Charlotte, Denver and New York markets, our leading markets, growing by over 8%. Los Angeles, our largest market, grew by 5.5%. And San Francisco, our second largest market, increased by 6%. At the end of April, occupancy and in-place rents were higher than last year. In the second quarter, we expect lower media and Yellow Page spend due to our record-high occupancies. In Europe, same-store NOI declined by 1%. The U.K. market continues to be negatively impacted by the VAT that was introduced last October. Q1 NOI declined by 8% in that market. We have acquired, or have under contract, 3 facilities. We also have about $170 million of project under development or redevelopment. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Gaurav, this is Ron. I think, we tell people long term, you should assume a 3% to 4% expense increase, longer term. I think what we've benefited from the last couple of years, and in particular Q1, again, is lower advertising media cost, lower Yellow Page cost. As I touched on earlier, we expect Q2 expenses in that area to also be lower. The other big swing items were repairs and maintenance. And if you recall in Q1 of 2012, we had a big surge in R&M, and so we kind of got easier comps this quarter versus last year. That was partially offset by snow removal cost in Q1, and you should expect to see an uptick in snow removal cost in Q2, offset by somewhat lower core R&M expenses.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. The 2 that come to mind are the D.C./Northern Virginia markets, which I think the growth is 2% to 3%, and Philadelphia is about 1.5%.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Todd. The big laggard for us in Europe continues to be Holland, which is one of our larger markets. We've got in the same-store group 30 properties out of 163. So about 20% of the same-store properties, and that same-store group is down to 70% occupancy. We've done some experimenting there with some pretty aggressive rate reductions and, in fact, we've got a test going on right now with, what I would call, draconian rate reductions to see if we can stimulate demand for our product. So that's the big one that's influencing, really, the drag there on the same-store property.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. This year -- recall last year, we had a pretty mild winter, and we accelerated CapEx, as well as R&M. This year, much different weather, lot more snow, rain across the country, so it pushed back some of the CapEx spend. But we're not expecting a material change in the normalized CapEx this year versus prior years.
Ronald L. Havner: With high yield piercing the 5% range, we've touched a couple of times in the call, about trying to do a 4% preferred, and the probability of that seems to increase each and every month. So...
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, the -- acquiring the same percentage as the public comps, you kind of run into a mathematical problem there, given our size. So no one should expect us to acquire the same percentage of our asset base as the smaller public company. In terms of what we've acquired over the last couple of years, I'd have to say David Doll and his team have done an outstanding job. If you look at our 2010 acquisitions, I think, for the most part, they're north of a 10% cash on cash, excluding 10 in insurance and merchandise, that's a well 100, 150 basis points north of what we underwrote them. The 2011 acquisitions are doing great as well. So the stuff that we bought it's been great, great product, great return on investment of capital, and we plan to continue to remain disciplined buyers.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I don't know that I need to grow, but the -- in terms of the returns, that's what we underwrote them for in 2010. What we underwrite today is different and it varies by market, in terms of what replacement cost is, what we think the growth potential is, by market.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, I'm sure the economy over in Europe is having some impact on our business. But recall, in Europe, we're in 7 different countries and a number of markets in those countries. So in Europe, we have nowhere near the scale, the brand recognition or the customer awareness that we have here in the U.S. Television is uneconomical, for the most part, for us in Europe, because the portfolio is spread across multiple markets, multiple languages. And to put that in perspective, we have more properties in Los Angeles than we have in all of Europe, okay? So we just don't have the ability to drive the brand, the whole [ph] customer awareness, in Europe. Western Europe itself has 1,400, 1,500 facilities, 800 of them in Great Britain. And for the most part, in the continent, self-storage is a relatively small, unknown business. Having said that, I mean, we've done well, and the return on capital's pretty darn good, and the team over there, I think, operating the business has done a pretty exceptional job.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think, Mike, John touched on it. We hope to be able to deploy that capital and actually go back into the preferred market and deploy that capital both for development and acquisitions. And the development pipeline, as you touched on, I said it's $170 million or so. I expect that, that will continue to ramp up over the next year to 2 years. What the stabilized rate's going to be, I can't tell you at this time. Because as that ramps up, there'll be properties coming online that'll come in and out of that pool. So I can't predict what the absolute level's going to be, but it'll be higher than $170 million.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, the way we underwrite developments is we factor in the lease up reserve and kind of cost of money to do that. And the fill up time, and the fill up time varies by the size of the property. I think,on average, our developments are coming in, what? 150 -- at least, 200 basis points north of the acquisitions.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Paula, we're really just ramping up the development program. I've got David Doll here, so I'll let him touch a little bit. But I know, over the years, like here in Southern California, there's 2 communities that for 5-plus years have had a ban on self-storage, Pasadena and Long Beach. But, I mean, you can't build them in those markets, in those particular cities. And that's really because -- they put those bans in because we don't generate sales tax, we don't provide housing, and we don't generate a lot of jobs in self-storage. So those municipalities have wanted the densification of either one in apartments or retail, for space, not self-storage. Dave, any thoughts on kind of zoning issues that you've...
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think, L.A., I think, I mentioned grew top line 5.5%, which I think is consistent with the same-store pool at 5.5%. And then San Francisco was up 6%, just 50 bps north of the same-store pool average.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, again, it varies all over the place. And it depends on the time of the year, and I couldn't tell you exactly where it is today.
Ronald L. Havner: No. This April, we're at 93%. Last April, we were at 91.4%. So if you're -- and that's just for April. May, June, I mean, we'll tell you what happens, but I think your question is, "Okay, what's the trend going into Q2?" The occupancy spread is still there, we're nicely ahead of last year and into the rental season.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Michael. The actual percentage this quarter is 55.4% versus 56.1% last year, and that is, in part, attributable to the fact that we have more customers, so the absolute number of customers that have been here longer than a year is up about 2,100 versus last year. So it's a slightly smaller percentage of the portfolio. The portfolio's grown so it's reduced that percentage. It'll age out and move up. But the absolute number of customers greater than a year, as of today or as of the end of the quarter, was up about 2,100 year-over-year.
Edward John Reyes: Todd, this is John, actually, not Ron. Right now, our street rates are about flat year-over-year, which is consistent with kind of your comment about what we've been talking about over the past conference calls. With our occupancies as high as they are, we are certainly going to try to push our street rates as we move into -- further into May and into June. So we'll test those waters, again. And to the extent that they stick and our occupancies stick, we'll certainly be happy with that. But to the extent that we start losing occupancy, we will probably backtrack off of that. So we haven't started doing it, but plan on doing it fairly soon, and we'll see how it goes.
Edward John Reyes: Well, I seriously doubt we'll wait until the next preferred before we issue another preferred. Because that would be another 2 years out before we issue another preferred. And I would hope that we would be able to invest the excess cash that we have on our balance sheet between now and then a lot sooner, before then. So I would expect us to be out in the market issuing preferred in sometime in the near future, to continue to put some capital on the balance sheet at these historic low coupons. So we can build a fund to continue to develop and buy properties.
Edward John Reyes: On the first quarter, Mike, on a year-over-year basis, our G&A was mostly up because we had about $1.7 million, $1.8 million of severance cost. That was a nonrecurring cost that hit this year that wasn't there last year. So that's the uptick that you're seeing on a year-over-year basis.
Edward John Reyes: Tayo, demand into our system is down. I would attribute that mostly to the fact that we've scaled back on our advertising campaigns, combine that with the fact that our call volumes down because, generally, people call multiple times before they actually rent a space, and part of the problem, which is kind of a good problem in some respects is that we're pretty full. So we don't have as much inventory to sell. So we can't quite satisfy all the demand that's coming into our call center or our website. And so we have scaled back the advertising, which has kind of slowed down, at least the amount of calls and hits to our website. But I would not attribute that, necessarily, to the increased taxes that had rolled in or anything of that nature. I mean, I'm not that smart to figure that out. I'm mostly attributing that to the fact that we are scaling back on marketing campaigns, as well as the fact that we don't have as much inventory to sell as we did last year.
Edward John Reyes: Right. So what Ron was talking about is, an effective increase to the incoming tenant by reducing for discounts. I think, Todd Thomas had asked earlier about pushing street rates, and my comment was that, I'm going to try to push the street rates. But I'll tell you, I'm not real optimistic that we're going to be able to push much because our experience has been as that, that as we push street rates, most of our competition is not coming with us. So my guess is they just want to purely grow their revenues on occupancy gains as opposed to the new incoming tenant, in terms of pushing the absolute street rate. So, Michael, as we move forward, I mean, really, where I expect our revenue growth to come from is still the occupancy spreads, the reduced discounts that Ron talked about, as well as, and the biggest part is going to be, the renewals, the annual increases that we send to our existing tenants because we're able to be very aggressive with them. And we're finding that they're still very sticky, sticking around and paying those higher rates, notwithstanding the fact that a good chunk of our tenant base is paying well above current street rates today.
Edward John Reyes: On the NOI line, Michael, it's kind of outlined in our 10-Q. Los Angeles was up 8.5%; San Francisco, up 9.4%.
Edward John Reyes: Well, if you -- we generally send them to tenants that have been here longer than a year. And roughly about 56%, or 55% of our tenant base has been here longer than a year. And that's fairly consistent with last year. In terms of absolute numbers, however, I think we're slightly higher, in terms of the number of tenants that have been here longer than a year, so we're up a little bit there. But what we're going to do is be a little more aggressive actually on the absolute percentage increase to the tenants versus last year. So again, roughly 55%. As the year progresses, however, we will probably send out increases somewhere in the neighborhood of 70% to 75% of the tenant base, we'll get them. Because I'm telling you, they're aging at a point in time, and as each month goes by, an additional group of tenants becomes aged past a year, so we will send them increases also.
Edward John Reyes: I don't have that particular number. But I would say it's a fairly significant number, of our tenants are paying above street rates. And it varies too in terms of the street rates because that differential between street rates, because street rates fluctuate with seasonality, so that differential narrows quite a bit during the summer months and then widens again during the winter months. So we're getting into the summer months, so our street rates are rising, so that the differential is starting to narrow and will continue to narrow until we kind of, I think, peak somewhere in July, August. And then that'll start widening out again. That's been the case for many, I would say, the past 5 years, so there's nothing new.
Edward John Reyes: It trends up quite a bit, Michael. So in May and June we were a little above 93% last year. So I think, your point is, which is a valid point, is that the occupancy spread that we've experienced in Q1, even though Ron's telling you that it was still there during April, it's going to tighten up when we get into May and to June. So that for the full second quarter, I don't expect our occupancy spread to be the same, or a similar spread that we experienced in Q1.
Edward John Reyes: Yes, I mean, look, it gets really tough to get above 93% occupancy because we have -- kind of have this frictional vacancy. When you have roughly 7% of your portfolio vacating each and every month and -- they're month-to-month leases, we don't pre-lease a space because we don't know which -- who's going to move out, they don't necessarily stand up and tell us, they just move out. We have this kind of a frictional vacancy of about 6% to 7%. So it's really tough for us, for anyone I think, to get past 93% occupied. Not that it can't happen because we have, obviously, we average 93%. So there's a lot of our properties that are well above 93%, but as a full system, it's very difficult.
Edward John Reyes: I can't tell you that, Michael, because I just don't know. I mean, I could tell you that customers are staying longer. They're more sticky than they have been in the past.
Edward John Reyes: Well, I mean, I think, in our business, Michael, there are economies of scale, it's definitely economies of scale. I think, even among -- if you compare Public Storage to some of our smaller public companies, I'm sure there's differences in Internet spend, media spend and how it's allocated on a property-by-property basis. So I have to believe that when you talk about the mom-and-pops out there trying to compete on the Internet, it's probably fairly expensive on like on a per click or per move-in cost relative to some of the public guys. And you're seeing a lot of the mom-and-pops kind of jumped into bed with aggregators, and there's a couple of aggregators that are just now popping up in the self-storage space who are gathering together a lot of the mom-and-pops to help, basically, help them compete in keyword search relevancy, and I'm sure cost per clicks and cost per move-ins.
Edward John Reyes: Well, let me touch on the media part. We've scaled back on media not because the media or television doesn't work. It works, and it's a very competitive advantage that Public Storage has because we could afford to be on television, whereas many of our competitors cannot. The reason why we scaled back is, obviously, on an ROI basis, media doesn't pencil out because of our occupancies. We'll get a lot of call volume in, but we just can't satisfy the demand and we thought of, geez, this generates a lot of demand with media, and therefore, we can charge higher prices. That just doesn't hold water. People shop around. They shop off of our website. I think something like 70% of our move-in traffic tell us that they've been to our website, which kind of tells me they're shopping around. Whether they made a reservation or just walked in, they still go to the websites, and they're shopping. So going down the path of spending more media to drive more demand thinking that you're going to get better pricing within our system, it just doesn't really doesn't work. When I was talking about pricing and I'm trying to push pricing, I'm talking about street rates, because I'm confident we could push pricing to our existing tenants, but in terms of pushing them to new customers via higher street rates, part of the problem that we've had there is that our competition doesn't really tend to move much. So as we're driving rates, competition doesn't do that, and we start experiencing a drop-off in move-in volumes. And that bothers me in the sense that I don't want to be losing occupancy. When does that change? I don't know, ask the other guys. But I suspect it changes at some point in time, when they get to occupancy levels that they're comfortable with, and then they want to start pushing rates, too.
Edward John Reyes: In the first quarter, we were probably down about 18% in terms of absolute dollar reduction and discount. We're going to continue to see how far we can continue to reduce discounts. I mean, we give away, I mean, I think, last year alone we gave away almost about $90 million of discounts. So it's a fairly large number that we're going to try to chip away at. It's not going to 0. It's not going to go to half of that amount, but we'll continue to chip away at that.
