Ronald L. Havner: Good morning and thanks Clem. We had another solid quarter; our fundamentals to the self-storage business I have to say are pretty good. During Q1, we had higher movements at higher movement rates instead less to acquire the customers which are staying longer. Further, new supply in our industry is nominal and this makes for an ideal operating environment. Now with that operator, lets open up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Hi, Vikram this is Ron. I’ll let John amplify that you know for Landon. In April, end of April our occupancies were 93.9 versus 92.9 last year, so up about full 100 bips year-over-year on same-store pool. But as we go into May and June consistent with last year, which we have no reason to believe it won’t be. We’ll kind of get sold out, so we’ll peak out at 95%-95.5% occupancy in the system.
Ronald L. Havner: Overall expenses if you take out the weather-related cost both on the snow removal and the utilities, I think our expenses were pretty flat. And going into – you know, property taxes were up to 4% to 5%, I think payroll is up 1% to 2%. So we think those trends will continue into the balance of the year. In Q2, we expect about $0.5 million less on advertising, but other than that, most everything should trend at least at this time to what we see in Q1.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think we benefitted in Q1 from lower advertising and we’re only going to get about 0.5 million up on that in Q2. So the other stuff that you see, you know, the payroll, the property taxes, management, those will trend about the same as Q1.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, our efforts in terms of sourcing deals are consistent with what we’ve always had. We’ve had a couple of people that do focus on acquisitions. They’re very experienced people and they’re pretty much in the flow of everything going on. So that hasn’t changed at all. In terms of what we’re seeing, I think I touched on last quarter that the price that we’re seeing is of lesser quality than we saw last year. That continues to be the case. Although I will say that there’s been an uptrend in terms of quality coming to the market, which is probably not unusual given – you know, it takes people time to decide and get product out on to the market. So the quality is up taking a little bit but it’s still overall I’ll say lesser than last year.
Ronald L. Havner: You know Christy that’s a very good information. Last year, second half of the year we’ve started tag differently in Europe with much more aggressive asking rate, rental reductions something that we have experimented with here in the US we applied over there first month 50% off. We tried it in a couple Markets in September. It really worked, we did it again in November and again in March and as you touched on, you’ve seen a nice uptick in occupancies. At the end of the quarter, we were 86.1 in Europe versus 79.5, so it’s over 600 basis points year-over-year uptick in occupancy. At – offsetting that was a reduction in place rents of about 5%. But our goal over there it’s the same similar to US gets a portfolio up there, over there to the low to mid 90s occupancy. And so, we’ll continue with that pricing strategy until we get the portfolio stabilized at a higher rate.
Ronald L. Havner: Well the April offering that we did was really re-opening of our series wide preferred. We had an interest move a single institutional investor to who was interested in taking down about 50 million of our existing serried [wire] so we went ahead and consummated that transaction. So that wasn’t marketed by any means.
Ronald L. Havner: In terms of the preferred market, I think its’ firming up, it’s getting better. Our existing preferred out there are trading well. We are hoping to get better obviously and I wouldn’t put it half this, I’m trying to go out into the market sometime during Q2, Q3 and test it again and see what we can raise you know if the markets are there for us. We still have about 320 million on our bank term loan that we need to deal with before it matures in December of this year; I mean that would be one way that we would think about repaying the rest of it.
Ronald L. Havner: Well -- the [12] you are right exclusive close to 7% on the occupancy sell out room for occupancy growth. We start moving for rate growth. One of the things that we do when we acquire properties as we get very conservative on the rates, so we can fill up the properties rather quickly and then as they are getting to you know a stabilized occupancy level then we start being aggressive on increasing rental rates to the existing tenant base and we really haven’t been aggressive on the 2012 and 2013 acquisition tenant base, but we plan on starting to do that this year. So, I think in both portfolios whether it be the 20, the 2012 or the 2013 we have both occupancy gains to be had there as well as increasing the existing tenant base prior rental rates.
Ronald L. Havner: Tayo, I think – and John can elaborate this, that will be in the 10Q and so you can compare it, you know what it was last year, what it was this year and obviously it varies by market.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think the ability of the larger operators to place themselves in better rankings on either the desktop or mobile is very helpful, in the sense that more and more people are using the internet or mobile to access the information on top storage rentals. I could tell you that as we’ve tracked it internally, last year – during the first quarter of last year, roughly 51% of our move-ins came through an internet channel. And that compares to this year, where it’s now 58%. So it continues to increase as people are using internet and mobile. Mobile has been rising quite a bit, and it’s certainly helpful to be a big player because you can get – you could afford to buy your way into placement as well as have the relevancy to place well on desktop and match one and local maps, suit yourself. So yeah, it’s managed to be a large operator in self storage.
Ronald L. Havner: You know Mike, to further John’s point they don’t have this on a per square foot basis. But if you look at our average move-in rates over the last six or eight years, in 2007, 2008 customers were moving it about $123, $124. Q4 they were moving into the $114. So while the rates, the 114 starts year-over-year as John went through. They are still you know call it $10 a month longer than where they work in ’07,’08.
Ronald L. Havner: It depends Ross. We track it by market, by property, so it really depnds I think overall in the system, we are probably a little bit above competition for the most part and in probably most markets that we operate in.
Ronald L. Havner: Paula, you know our best guess, I’ve got David down here with me and – we’ve looked at that in a number of markets. And my guess is less than 20.
Ronald L. Havner: Oh Jordan, there is always stuff on our radar both stuff that’s -- in the market and being marketed as well as stuff that’s not or being marketed. Three of our largest transactions, our largest transactions or two of these transactions last year had no packages no broker involved. So we’re in dialogue, with you know we know the call it 20 or so people as well as people are grouped to people’s institutions or – operators have you know aren’t in the big group all the time. So, so there’s always stuff on our radar.
Ronald L. Havner: Why, I think, you can look in Q4 last year where we took down around 700 million in the fourth quarter. Are we able to get deals? Yes. Is it competitive? Yes. Stabilized properties are a challenge, especially one and two ops because there’s – to your point, there’s plenty of financing where there is CMBS, bank financing or public market financing. So where money is cheap, assets are expensive.
Edward John Reyes: No. The piece of the equation that I think you missed is the move-outs. The move-out volume has picked up a little bit versus last year and they’re moving out at higher rates, rental rates. And the reason why that’s happening is because we’ve been aggressive about pushing rates to existing tenants and other time obviously they’ve gapped up quite a bit. And now when they’re moving out, not that they’re moving out any faster than they were before, but when they do move out, they’re taking with them higher rental rates with them. So as we’re moving people in, even though they’re coming in at 6% higher year-over-year rates on the moving inside, they’re moving out at higher rates than their move-in rates. So for every move-in that we replaced – or every move-out that we replaced with a move-in, we actually rent rolled down. And we have been rent rolling down for quite a number of quarters now, for at least about I would say three years or so. So there is leakage. So although mathematically what you said may work, the leakage brings it back down quite a bit.
Edward John Reyes: Well, the roll-down has changed a little bit but just really recently because – just recently have we really been pushing the street rates in this month in April, because as I mentioned during the first quarter, the move in rate was up about 3% whereas in April it was up about – a little over 6%. So it’s just recently that we’ve really maybe narrowed that market – that spread – that year-over-year spread.Jordan Sadler – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Edward John Reyes: As far as we can tell right now, we don’t see anything right now that would cause us to believe that it could be either significantly higher or lower.Michael W. Mueller – JP Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Edward John Reyes: Let me give you some numbers. I’m not sure to what degree it’s actually disclosed in our 10Q, but it’s disclosed on a square foot basis actually in our 10Q. I’m going to give it to you on a unit basis or a move-in basis, so during the first quarter of this year, for example, the average move-in rate in our same store was about $114 per move-in. The move-out rate during that same period of time was about $123, and so it’s about $10 swing – negative swing. Last year it was – the move-in rate was about $111 versus a move-out rate of $119. 
Edward John Reyes: Mike, we’re seeing and hearing about people doing that and – but we’re not doing that ourselves. We’ve engaged some – we’ve got some local guys helping us develop in certain markets but for the most part we’ve got our own team building our property. And it’s not to say we wouldn’t do that at a C of O. Last year, we acquired some properties in Boston, one newly C of O and then one that was still under development. So we have done that. I wouldn’t rule it out, but that’s really not how we’re undertaking our development program.
Edward John Reyes: That’s alright. That’s been happening for years now. We have talked about the rent roll down has been going on. And it’s largely because there is a dynamic that the mark-to-market is actually a negative number and has been for quite sometime. So, our existing tenant base is if you look at it on average is paying more than our market rates are. And that’s its you know a testament to how sticky people are and you can continue to head in what their increase is and not withstanding the fact that they could be you know obtain 10, 15% above market, they still stay. The difficulty is when they moved out, when they move out though, however we have the immediate roll down as we replace them.
Edward John Reyes: Well I took up the same key just to look maybe a little bit more because the ageing as Ron pointed out earlier; we have a better ace, kind of base in other words. So if we have more customers that meet the criteria, so we’ll probably give out in terms of number the volume, slightly more than last year.
Edward John Reyes: No its’ about roughly about 80% of the move-in volumes we see some sort of a promotion in the full blown dollar for the first month or 50% off.
