Ron Havner: Thank you, Clem, and welcome everyone. We had another solid quarter. Our fundamentals to the self-storage business continue to be excellent. With that operator, we’ll open it up for questions.
Ron Havner: Well Ki, this is Ron. Is your question, how big do we expect the pipeline to grow in terms of – because it was like, I think $1,590 [ph] million to being the year and it’s now $240 million. Is that your question?Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yes.
Ron Havner: Yes. Well, I think we’re trying to get it up to about $300 million to $350 million. Keep in mind that most of our projects is $7 million to $8 million. And it takes – we have to go through three or four properties to get one kind of into the pipeline. So that’s a lot of projects when you get to $300 million, $350 million. If we get there and feel good about it, we could take it to $400 million. That would be fine if the market is there and our processes are in place to achieve that level of production.Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And just a follow-up to that. So let’s say, call it $350 million, how much visibility do you have in terms of, let’s say next year when you try and start $350 million or get to that in terms of which market can support it, should you do it, those type of questions.
Ron Havner: Well, we have a number of people in the development group that are looking at sites in certain identified key markets. And so part of our development activities is first being able to find the appropriate sites, get the right zoning and being able to develop and conceive a project that actually kind of makes the economic sense to us, both in terms of rate of return but also where it fits into the portfolio.Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thank you.
Ron Havner: That’s a lot of questions, Christy. Our development program, I would say we initiated it probably two, 2.5 years ago. It continues to grow. The team is not yet quite complete. Our processes are somewhat evolving, and what we’re finding in the market, we’re having to adapt to different things in the marketplace. In terms of returns, and are we achieving the yields that we thought. In our business it takes six months to find a site, six to 12 months to build it, and generally two to three years to fill it. So it would be a couple of years before we absolutely know whether we achieved our targeted yields, but so far most of the properties are filling up faster than we anticipated, although in some cases lower than pro forma risk as we trying to accelerate the fill up, where we’re building it pretty close to on-time, pretty close to on-budge. We haven’t had any big hiccups. So I am feeling really good about our development activities at this juncture. In terms of other people buying CFOs [ph] or partially completed properties, I think we’ve mentioned before that we anticipated that. Some have been rather vocal about not wanting the development program, but you can do development in variety of ways and one of them is just buy CFO [ph] building.
Ron Havner: Well, we’ve gotten some positive traction here in Europe starting in Q3 of last year where we changed our pricing strategy there and done some pretty aggressive promotional programs. And that seems to have worked both in the Q4 last year and into this year, which you see reflected in the occupancy is up about 7% year-over-year. And that’s pretty much across the entire platform. Even Holland is up from 74.2% from 69.2% last year. At this juncture – and we’re doing that at the expense of rolling down rents. So if you look at the table, you see that the in-place rents are rolling down. I would expect that program to continue for the foreseeable future until we get the portfolio at a much higher stabilized occupancy levels, say in the low 90s and drive volumes with promotional discounts.
Ron Havner: Well, they were principally one portfolio, Mike. And they were in, let’s see, in D.C., Orlando, Tampa, Sarasota, Fort Myers, and then various other submarkets across Florida and New Jersey and North Carolina. I think their occupancy at the end of July was about 92% and that ranged from a high of, let’s see, 96.9% for one property down to one that was at 68.8%. So this would kind of validate something I have said for a long time is if you have good properties and a good manager, you’ll do just fine in this business. These properties were operated with a variety of different names, no internet marketing, no brand name, and yet we had a number of properties that 96% plus occupancy. So really good quality real estate.
Ron Havner: Well, Florida [ph] – so my guess is we’ll probably end up doing a little better on expenses, maybe a little better on pricing and there is some properties in here with some occupancy opportunities as well.
Ron Havner: I’m not sure – in terms of two to three years, that’s a long time, and I am not really capable of forecasting out that far. I would say right now the fundamentals are very good. I think the – I don’t know if all the public companies have reported, but certainly the ones that have, have demonstrated strong fundamentals. Certainly our same store properties demonstrates strong fundamental. There is development going on in the marketplace. We’re developing, other people are developing. So supply is on the uptick. So when you kind of look at the big picture of the industry from where it was four years ago, rates are higher, occupancy is higher and development is starting. So kind of the risk of the industry is probably a little greater today than it was four years ago, but I think we’ve probably have at least another year or two of great fundamentals for this business.Ryan Burke – Green Street Advisors: Great. Thank you.
Ron Havner: The second.Omotayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Co: Okay, the second. Great. Thank you very much. Great quarter.
Ron Havner: Dollar amount, Ki, John mentioned earlier is about the same, $20 million to $20 million.Ki Bin Kim – Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And…
Ron Havner: Yes. Michael for the 2013 acquisitions for the six months, the yield was 5.1%, excluding merchandize and tenant insurance. And what it will be next year, I’m not sure, but I’m pretty confident it’s going to be higher.
John Reyes: Yes, Jeremy, this is John. So move-ins were coming in at a monthly rate of about $121.97 on average. The move-outs were leaving at an average rate of about $124. So there is a net negative spread there of about $2.03. On the move-in side in terms of the discount side, roughly – we gave away roughly $20 million of discounts. That was the same – this is during the quarter and that was the same as last year. For the last year in the same quarter, move-ins were coming in at $114.20 and they were vacating at $119.70. So that was a negative spread of $5.50. So the spreads obviously narrowed, but nonetheless it’s still a negative spread, rent roll down.
John Reyes: Jeremy, the discounts were about $20 million in both quarters for the second quarter of this year. Notwithstanding the fact we’re actually giving away, and in terms of the absolute number less discounts, the dollar value of those discounts is more because the rental rates are higher. Folks are moving in at about 7% higher rates during the quarter than they were last year. So even though, notwithstanding the fact again that we gave away less discounts on a per move-in, the absolute dollars was flat because of the rental rate being up 7%. Going forward, I think the discounts would probably be fairly consistent with last year, probably pretty flat.
John Reyes: Well, we’re going to continue to push rents as we’ve talked about. In terms of occupancy, we mentioned that it’s going to get tougher and tougher to move the occupancy spread, which you see that during the quarter that spread has narrowed quite a bit. It’s gapped out a little bit by the end of July. What I am hoping to try to accomplish with our portfolio is to see if during the fourth quarter, we can gap it out a little bit more by maybe doing a little more advertising on television and seeing if we can get some traction and flatten out the occupancy curve during the first – the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of 2015.Jeff Spector – Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
John Reyes: About at the same level essentially. We do expect – I mean as we get into the back half of the year, you lose a little bit but try to retain as much as possible.
John Reyes: Jordan, this is John. I think the aggregators had in fact helped the little guys improve probably on their occupancies and their ability to get visibility on the internet. So I think – I don’t know, whether it’s economically benefit to the little guys, I think it has benefited their ability to get with the volumes. So I think it’s a positive for them. For us, we would rather than not be there than be there, all things being equal, but they are there and we deal with them and we compete with them when we’re bidding for search terms, which again I’d rather not be competing with them, but there we have to compete with them.Jordan Sadler – Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
John Reyes: Ki, I think – this is just off the top of my head. I think we gave away about roughly 65% of our move-ins received some sort of a promotion. And remember our promotions could be 50% off the first month or a $1 for the first month. And then last year I think it was roughly around 70-ish or something like that.
John Reyes: I am sorry. We do have some properties that are highly occupied. There is probably one in there that’s 99% and there may even be one at the 100% occupied and we’ve seen that in our portfolio for our same store properties, but I would say the bulk of them are clustered. If you did like a bell curve, it would be very tight bell curve right around that 95%. Just the odds are it is probably nothing below – in the same store below 85%, because we would have done something with that property with pricing and promotion to try to push it back up real quick. So it is a fairly tight kind of bell curve around the 95%.
