John Reyes: Thank you, Clem. As outlined in our press release, our third quarter core FFO per share was $1.56 compared to $1.35 last year, a 16% increase. Five items contributed to this growth: First, our same-store net operating income increased by 8.6%, adding $0.13 per share due to higher revenues of 5.8% and flat operating expenses; second, our investment in Shurgard Europe added $0.03 per share, driven primarily by Shurgard's first quarter acquisition of the remaining interest in 2 joint ventures. Non-same store properties added $0.03 per share, lower preferred dividends added $0.02 and higher ancillary income, $0.01 per share. These items were partially offset by higher G&A cost of $0.02 per share, due to increased incentive compensation. During the third quarter, we issued $488 million of 6.35% preferred stock and redeemed $525 million with a blended rate of 7.2%. In the fourth quarter, we will redeem an additional $105 million of preferred with a rate of 6.95%. It will be a charge associated with the redemption of about $3 million or $0.02 per share. As a result of these capital transactions completed in 2011, our quarterly preferred dividend is expected to be about $7 million lower in the fourth quarter as compared to the same period last year. With respect to Shurgard Europe, we expect to refinance the 2 joint venture loans into a single term loan of EUR 215 million and eliminate the underlying joint venture structures. The new loan will mature in November 2014, and will have a lower interest rate. We expect to extend the maturity of our loan to Shurgard Europe to the first quarter of 2015. Since June 30, we've acquired about $176 million of affiliated partnership interest, using $120 million in cash and issuing 478,000 shares of common stock. We incurred transaction costs of approximately $2 million, which were included in our G&A expenses. With that, I will now turn it over to Ron.
John Reyes: Well, I look at it about -- it's running on a monthly basis at about, at the end of October we were at about $1.21 per square foot per month. That was compared to $1.14 last year at the end of October. And where they currently stand today, it's probably similar.
John Reyes: Well Ki, I just gave the October occupancy, 90.9% versus 89.6%. So that's up 1.3%, which is what it was at the end of September as well. For the quarter, and I don't have it by month, but for the quarter, we were essentially flat. We were up 5,000 customers on move-ins and 7,000 customers increase on move-outs. So we had a net change during the quarter of 2,000 customers on a 1 million-plus customer base.
John Reyes: Well, at these occupancy levels, we're feeling pretty good. So we're able to hold the occupancy and push the street rate, and we did that through Q3 and it looks like that trend is continuing into October.
John Reyes: Christy, I would say that demand is pretty much stable year-over-year for the most part of what we're seeing. So the reason why we're able to push the rates is because of occupancy being much higher than last year. So we feel more comfortable, our tenant base is aging nicely. In other words, people are staying longer. And so we feel more comfortable raising some rates. We also, as Ron pointed out, scaled back advertising because we didn't need to do it, and we're still getting nice move-in volume.
John Reyes: Todd, that's correct. When I was referring to the rates, I was referring to the 4% to 6% increase year-over-year. That's with respect to new, incoming tenants, not our existing tenant base.
John Reyes: Todd, we pretty much pushed those. We accelerated those and pushed them in to the third quarter as opposed to what we did last year, which we did some in the fourth quarter. So we're doing very little fourth quarter increases to existing tenants because we accelerated it and put them in the third quarter of this year.
John Reyes: Well, Paula, I'll tell you this. We don't really keep track of what the -- other than our public competitors, we really don't keep track of what maybe the other industry players are -- or how they're performing, whether the public guys are stealing market share or not from them. I presume that we are because all the public guys seem to be performing very well. But with that said, I have no idea and I don't know that Ron has any feel for how the nonpublic guys out there are performing.
John Reyes: We will -- the existing joint ventures, in aggregate, are about $188 million. So we're borrowing $215 million, the differential roughly almost $30 million, $20 million, $30 million is going to be used to pay down the Public Storage loan.
John Reyes: You know what, I'd love to reduce concessions. But it seems to be a staple of the industry, as you've kind of pointed out. Every time we've tried to reduce concessions, the adverse impact to our move-in volume is just too great to bear. So, we've struggled with that, and I don't know that it's going to go away anytime soon.
John Reyes: Yes, Michael, I think in large part, I think we're all benefiting from the lack of supply in the industry that has come on over the past couple years. So yes, probably demand has been slower than in the past, but since there isn't as much new supply coming on, we've all been able to just continue to drive occupancy higher. Now is that better than a lot of demand with more supply coming online? I don't know.
John Reyes: Michael, this is John. Certainly it puts pressure on our dividend because you know us. We generally, our policy has been to distribute the minimum amount required to maintain our REIT status. Taking out these preferreds puts pressure on it -- on us as well as improved property operations continue to put pressure on it. But at the end of the day, our Board of Directors makes the decision as to what our dividend is going to be, predicated upon what we have to do to maintain our REIT status. So, we'll see what happens next year.
John Reyes: Paul, we had mentioned earlier that street rates are about 4% to 6% higher on a year-over-year basis at the end of October. Street rates, as compared to in-place rents at the end of October, our street rates were about 3% higher than in-place, and that compares to last year, where it was about flat.
Ronald L. Havner: Thank you, John. We had a solid quarter, which reflected -- which benefited from higher occupancy and better pricing. Our same-store movements were up by 2% year-over-year, offset in part by higher moveouts of up 3%. We ended Q3 with same-store occupancy of 91.7%, up 1.3% from last year. Same-store revenue per available foot grew by 5.4%, up from 3.7% in Q2. At the end of October, occupancy, in-place rent and asking rents were all higher than the same period last year. In Q3, all of our top 20 markets achieved positive revenue growth. The Dallas and Minneapolis markets led the country, with revenue growth of 8.5%. Los Angeles, our largest market, grew revenues by 3.1%, compared to 1.5% in Q2. San Francisco, our second largest market, increased revenues by 5.8%, up from 3.6% in Q2. The Northeast markets had revenue growth of 7.1%, up from 5.9% in Q2. This growth was achieved despite a reduction in media expense. In Q4, our media expense is expected to increase by about $1 million.  Moving to our European operations, rental revenues improved by 2.4% due to higher realized rents and higher occupancy. We ended Q3 occupancy at 86.3%, up 0.3% from last year. Operating expenses were higher by 2.3%, primarily from higher R&M, resulting in NOI growth of 2.5%. With respect to acquisitions, we've acquired 4 properties, 2 in California, one each in Florida and Maryland for about $38 million, with about 300,000 net rentable square feet. In summary, operating trends were positive across all our businesses, and we are well positioned going into 2012. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Swaroop, the 4 acquisitions, most of them, in fact all of them are unstabilized. The yields range from 1% to probably 3%. So they're in some form of fill up that will happen over the next year or 2 years.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Jay, at the end of October, our occupancy was pretty close to 91%. I think, let's see, it's 90.9%, which is up from 89.6% last year at the end of October. And as we've done during the rental season, we're going to continue to be aggressive driving move-in volume and hope to maintain or actually expand our year-over-year spread in occupancy during Q4.
Ronald L. Havner: Well at higher occupancies and good growth and movement volume or respectable growth in movement volume, you obviously feel more comfortable about pushing the rate. The other thing I would say in terms of our portfolio that you're seeing, which we've been seeing for the last 6 to 9 months, is the migration of growth from kind of the East Coast to the West Coast. And I touched on how San Francisco and Los Angeles continued to improve, and when those markets really hit their stride, I think you'll see even more acceleration or good, solid growth in our portfolio.
Ronald L. Havner: Eric, we've come off '08, '09, which were pretty challenging years. So I think '11 versus '10, maybe it's a little easier comp. But as John just touched on, we're seeing good demand for the product. When I touched on the fact that all 20 of our top markets were up year-over-year in revenue growth, which is great and we have some of our larger markets. Well every market, except San Diego, accelerated during the Q3 versus Q2. So that's another good sign. And then the third item I'd kind of point out is the number of customers that have been here longer than a year continued to improve in Q3, up to 55.3% from 54.9% last year and up from 53.3% in 2009. So length of stay has improved. Demand is good. We're able to achieve pricing and it's strong across the entire platform.
Ronald L. Havner: Eric, all I can do is point you to the matrix in terms of higher occupancies, higher in-place rents, higher asking rents and longer length of stay. And as we've said numerous times before, in terms of what are the demand drivers for our business, it's people's life events: death, divorce, disaster, relocation and those things continue to happen each and every day.
Ronald L. Havner: Generally, when we do acquisitions, Paula, when we look at stabilized properties similar to what you see in the public marketplace, there's between a 500 and 1,000 point, 10% occupancy gap between what we typically operate at versus what we'll look at or -- and see historically in terms of a third-party operated property.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, well, we kind of did that 2 years ago. So if you -- we unbundled our -- in the press release, we unbundled our advertising, and you can see that, and I think I've touched on before, the Internet spend has been -- has accelerated while the Yellow Pages have dropped. And I think we're down, I don't know, $4 million or $5 million over where we were a couple years ago. So that process, like I said, we did it a couple years ago, and that will continue.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, let me see if I understand your question. You said lower move-ins and lower move-outs? Because we had about the -- our move-ins for the quarter were up about 2%. Our move-outs were slightly higher, up 3%. So we had a 2,000 customer change in the Q3. If we go back to '08, '09, we had to dramatically reduce prices to hold move-in volume, or accelerate it while we had a huge increase in move-out volume, 10% to 12%, year-over-year in the quarter. And that was tied in to the dramatic changes in the economy, Q4 '08, first half '09. Is that...
Ronald L. Havner: I would say longer term, in terms of modeling and figuring out what the cost structure should be, in terms of cost -- expense growth, I would use yes, 2% to 3%. Are there going to be each quarter, each year things that we can do to drive expenses out of our operating structure? Yes, we're constantly working on things. I touched on the Yellow Pages that we started a couple years ago. We've got some initiatives going on in the phone center. We've got some initiatives going on in field management. But those are going to happen each and every year. We've got a variety of things. But if I were to sit down and say what is the long-term expense growth in our business, I'd say somewhere between 2% and 3%.
Ronald L. Havner: The October trends were good. There's a seasonality to the business. So even though we're up year-over-year, our occupancy is down from where it was in the summer. So we're going to try and step in, and hold, or even push that spread, year-over-year spread in Q4, and there's some markets where we think we can do that with advertising.
Ronald L. Havner: I would say probably we're about the same where we were last quarter. Actually, in terms of our cost of capital, I think our preferreds have come down in yield, and our ability to issue that has probably improved by 25 to 35 basis points.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, Michael, the loan that we're getting is -- depends on when it funds and what the coverage ratio is, but probably 100 to 125 basis points lower than the existing in-place loans. There's 2 -- recall there was 2 joint ventures. So there's 2 different bank syndicates, one led by Lloyds, one won by Saijin [ph], and so we're going to consolidate that, eliminate the mortgages on the properties, eliminate the JV structures and so that the interest rate on the financing, as I said, is 100 to 150 basis points lower, it will also save us the cost next year of renewing joint venture 1, which is maturing, which would've been probably well over EUR 1 million. So interest rate-wise we'll save money. The second thing is the elimination of the joint venture structures which will: a, cost money to do; but b, take time, will save us somewhere between EUR 1.5 million and EUR 3 million so, $3 million to $5 million. And that benefit will start to flow in to 2012. The second part, the other thing to consider is that the cash flow post refinancing, most of the cash flow in Shurgard Europe will be amortizing that new loan.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, I think what you should take away is that when we first acquired Shurgard Europe, we had, I think a EUR 350 million mortgage debt on all the wholly-owned properties, and the joint venture properties were encumbered by these 2 syndicated credit facilities and debt was north of EUR 600 million. And in the period of the last 4 years, we're down to EUR 200 million third-party debt, which was -- will be amortized rapidly ,and we simplified the ownership structure to where now Shurgard Europe owns 100% of its properties with no mortgages on them.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes, well, we've greatly simplified the structure. Going forward, the overhead associated with operating that structure, and certainly position the -- whether we decide to go public or whatever we decide to do, it's a much, much cleaner structure, a much more simplified and much less leveraged structure going forward than it was 4 years ago.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, you got to keep in mind, Ki, if the property value is materially lower than the mortgage, it's really the bank's decision as to what to do and when to do it. If there's equity in the portfolio, then it's really the owner's decision when to do it. And we know all the large regional operators across the country. We're in dialogue with them. They know us. So when they decide to sell or think about selling, I'm sure they will -- we'll be in contact with them.
Ronald L. Havner: Paul, you ought to go back because I kind of touched on that twice in previous questions on Yellow Pages.
