John Reyes: Thank you, Clem. As outlined in our press release, our first quarter core FFO per share was $1.28 compared to $1.15 last year, an 11% increase. Four items primarily drove this growth. First, our Same Store net operating income increased by 5.4% or approximately $12 million, representing $0.07 per share. Second, we added $0.04 per share from redeeming preferred and fixed-rate securities last year. Third, properties acquired in 2010 and the first quarter of 2011 added another $0.03 per share. Fourth, our investment in Shurgard Europe added $0.01 per share.  These 4 items were partially offset by higher G&A costs of $0.02 per share. Our Same Store net operating income benefited from higher revenues of 3.4%, along with flat operating expenses. Higher property taxes and payroll expenses were offset by lower advertising and R&M expenses, primarily due to lower media and snow removal costs. Operating expenses include indirect costs, such as our information technology platform, Web-based marketing, revenue management, HR and training and all supervisory salaries. Our G&A expense was $14 million or $4 million higher than last year due to higher share-based compensation. We expect G&A expense for the remainder of 2011 will be $30 million to $36 million. We have recently completed 3 capital transactions. First, we paid off a $103 million, 7 3/4% unsecured note, having an effective interest rate of 5.7% for accounting purposes. Second, we issued a total of 375 million of Series Q preferred shares, with an annual rate of 6.5%. And third, we will redeem $350 million of our 7 1/4% preferred shares. There will be in EITF D-42 charge associated with the redemption of approximately $11 million or $0.06 per share during the second quarter.  As previously announced, Shurgard Europe acquired the remaining 80% interest in 2 joint ventures that own 72 properties for $238 million. The JVs have $280 million of debt, with an average interest rate of 4%. The transaction was funded as a dollar-denominated loan by Public Storage. Our partner in Shurgard Europe is expected to fund its proportional interest during the second quarter. We increased our quarterly dividend to $0.95 per share, a 19% increase. Our consistent, long-term dividend policy has been to distribute only our taxable income. Taxable income attributable to our common shareholders has increased primarily due to lower tax depreciation and improved property operations.  With that, I will now turn it over to Ron.
John Reyes: Jay, this is John. We have been sending out rental rate increase letters to our existing tenants. I think I mentioned before we plan on starting earlier this year, in terms of sending them out, and we plan on sending more out. So this year, we did start in February, and we've continued to send them out, although the bulk of the letters didn't really go out until the May and June timeframe. So far as a result, the increases that we're setting are somewhere in the range of about 8.5% on average and we are seeing just a slight uptick in move-out volumes from those folks. But we're not alarmed by the increase, and we were expecting some sort of increase. So far, we're pretty comfortable with what we're seeing. But again, the bulk of the letters are just really starting to get out to our existing tenant base. We're about halfway through sending letters out. So about half of them have gone out and the other half will be out by the end of probably July.
John Reyes: No, we're pushing hard on our existing tenants. I think we've talked about trying to be more aggressive with our existing tenants and keep the rent, the street rates in check to backfill any degradation in the length of stay by the long-term tenants who are receiving rental rate increase letters. But as we move forward, obviously, if those tenants don't move out at an accelerated rate and move-ins continue to happen, I mean certainly, we'll start being a little more aggressive on the street rate then or turning off promotional discounts. But we're not quite there yet.
John Reyes: They're kind of marginally but Jordan, the increase -- the year-over-year spread this year versus last year has widened. So we're in a better position today than we were last year. In fact, last year we were still in somewhat of a rent roll-down stage whereas this year, we're not.
John Reyes: Mike, this is John. Well, the equity markets for a company like Shurgard Europe who have to obviously do an IPO, it's probably really not there for them right now. So that's out of the question in our mind. The banks syndicated market is pretty much closed. You could probably get some out of that but maybe a couple of hundred million. But probably not much more than $200 million there. So the market that is open where Shurgard Europe could look into would be the Eurobond or the high-yield market. But that would take some time for Shurgard Europe because Shurgard Europe would need to get rated and obviously, get probably an investment grade rating. So that would take a number of months for them to do that. So for the most part, there's not a ton of available capital that's available to Shurgard Europe at the moment, that may change. And in the meantime, Public Storage has the wherewithal to help them through and fund their activities, which we've obviously done. And we'll continue to look at the capital markets there and when they do open up, we'll evaluate what's the best course of action for Shurgard Europe.
John Reyes: Ross, it's kind of tough to do that unless you're well below competition. If we start pushing it up well above competition just to drive rates up, because we're highly occupied, I can guarantee you what will happen, our move-in volume will shrink. So we just don't drive them out just because we're full. We also need to be cognizant that we're in a highly competitive industry and we have a lot of competitors out there that are doing a lot of pricing and promotion, as well as we are. And so we're very cognizant about that as we move street rates and don't want to get too out of whack. Last year, I've mentioned that I felt like we got our street rates too high and I think we gave away some market share as we did that. This year, I can guarantee we won't be doing that.
John Reyes: And Michael, there's 103 assets in that pool. The average occupancy is 80.6%. That compares to last year at 85.2%. And the reason why there's a dropoff is because of the facilities we acquired last year, mainly A-American properties that averaged 64.5% occupancy during the first quarter of this year.
John Reyes: The big change has to do, Michael, with the stock-based compensation expense that I've mentioned in my prepared remarks. That will be averaging $2.3 million for the quarter, for each quarter. It was $2.3 million in the first quarter. It will be $2.3 million in each quarter going forward for a total of about $9 million. That was not estimated -- because that program was not in place at the time we disclosed the numbers that you rattled off in the 10-K.
John Reyes: Yes, what it is, it's based upon revenue growth targets and it's been given to various employees throughout the company. If certain revenue targets are hit, they will earn restricted stock units. And the way that restricted stock units are working is, is that the -- because we think we will hit those revenue targets now, we had to start accruing the expense even though, the measurement dates of whether we hit the target or not won't be determined until, obviously, 2011 is over. But to give you some more clarity on the expense, the expense is front-end loaded over -- they've used their options or restricted stock, excuse me, vest over a 5-year period, and the expense is front-end loaded. The expense in the first year, which is 2011, will be $9 million. In 2012, we're estimating that expense to go down to $4.9 million. 2013 will be $2.9 million. 2014 will be $1.6 million, and then 2015 will be $700,000. So you could see the expense is hugely front-end loaded. And again, that will obviously depend -- it's all obviously contingent that we hit a certain revenue target, which right now, we believe, we will hit that revenue target.
John Reyes: I can't tell you the breakdown between senior management and the field. I think the bulk of it is out at the field. But you're right, in terms of about $19 million of expense.
Ronald Havner: Thank you, John. During the quarter, we benefited from higher occupancy and better pricing. We added about 20,000 net customers. We ended the quarter with occupancy of 90.6%, increasing the year-over-year spread to 1.7%, up from 1.5% in December. Asking or street rates were also higher. Same Store revenue per available foot grew by 3% compared to 2% in Q4. At the end of April, occupancy, in place rents and asking rents were all higher than the same period last year. We are well positioned going into Q2.  All of our top 20 U.S. markets achieved positive year-over-year revenue growth in the first quarter. The northeastern markets once again led the country and grew by about 6%. Los Angeles, our largest market, grew by 0.6% compared to 0.2% in Q4. The southeastern markets, led by Florida and Georgia, grew by 3.4%, up from 2.6% in Q4. Our net customer acquisition costs were lower primarily due to higher move-in volume and lower marketing costs, partially offset by higher promotional discounts. We expect our second quarter media spend to be about $2 million lower than last year.  Moving to our European operations, our Same Stores had top line growth of 1.8%, resulting from higher realized rents of 1.9%, offset by lower occupancy. We expect modest revenue growth for the balance of the year. Operating expenses were slightly higher by 1.3%, resulting in NOI growth of 2.1%. Five of the 7 markets had positive NOI growth for the quarter. With respect to acquisitions, we closed on 5 properties for approximately $20 million, as well as the leasehold interest for $7 million. We are under contract to acquire 2 additional properties for $28 million.  In summary, occupancies are higher, asking rents are higher, in place rents are higher, share-based compensation expense is higher due to higher revenue. We deployed nearly $400 million of capital during the quarter, primarily in Europe. We refinanced $350 million of preferred at lower rates and we increased our common dividend by 19%.  With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Ronald Havner: Well, it's really just a function of the taxable income. And as you kind of articulated in your question, the taxable income rises, and we have to increase the dividend. That's been our policy for 20-plus years to the extent that we find creative ways to shelter the income, we do that. The 2 big changes over the last 3 or 4 years are the tax benefits associated with the Shurgard Merger, which was a taxable merger, have started to burn off. So that's reducing tax depreciation combined with, as you pointed out, redemption of a lot of preferreds -- repurchase actually of a lot of preferreds at big discounts in '08, '09 and the redemption of the equity stock in Q1 of last year. So you put all those things together and the dividend has to rise. It's not -- we don't have a targeted payout ratio. It's simply a function of taxable income.
Ronald Havner: Well, we have plenty of access to capital to grow the company. I think our preferred capacity is well in excess of $2 billion. We're still retaining between $200 million and $300 million of capital during the year. So from an ability to source capital or those kinds of things, if that's kind of your question, we have plenty of firepower in that regard.
Ronald Havner: Christy, I would say really what changed in -- the key catalyst for us to consummate that transaction is change the management team at the joint venture partner and some changes in strategy on their part, which made this really probably a non-core asset for them on a go-forward basis. But really, the people involved on the other side of the table. As you know, we've been working on this since we acquired Shurgard in 2006. I'm a little embarrassed that it took this long to get it done, but we're happy with the transaction. In terms of yield, if you look at the trailing numbers, I think on an unleveraged basis, it's somewhere between 7.5% and 8%. And on a leverage basis, as John pointed out, there's debt in there at about 4%. On a leverage basis, it's just north of 12%.
Ronald Havner: At this juncture, we're not really focusing on development, although I will tell you there's been some properties traded in some markets where we're getting pricing that might rationalize development. So I would say longer term, unfortunately, pricing of acquisitions has come back rather robust and my guess, is sometime over the next year or 2, you'll see some people start development.
Ronald Havner: Jordan, April, the street rates were higher than last year. The in place rents were higher than last year and the occupancy was higher than last year.
Ronald Havner: Jordan, the other thing that I made in my comments is that we're dialing down the media spend in Q2 by about $2 million or so. So we're modulating the promotional discounts and the media spending with the street rates and the rental rate increases.
Ronald Havner: Well, Ki, one of the great things about our product type is we serve a wide variety of customers, both homeowners and renters. I think there's been some analysis done over the years of how self-storage rents generally trend with apartments and the couple of apartment companies that I've listened to or read their earnings, the markets where they're strong, we seem to be strong as well. Have we've correlated directly to home ownership, no. Across the platform? No. Every market for the quarter was up from Los Angeles to Northern Virginia. Northern Virginia was up 6.3%. Detroit, of all places, was up 6.1% for the quarter. New York, 6%, Philly, 5.7%. So it's really across the platform where we're seeing higher occupancies and higher rates.
Ronald Havner: No. Other than -- generally, the economy has improved slightly so people are doing more things and it's across a wide variety of users.
Ronald Havner: On those properties -- my guess, is if those properties were to come to market today, we'd have 100, 150 basis points yield compression.
Ronald Havner: Well, I'm very happy that Florida is moving in the right direction, especially across the entire platform there. Miami, Orlando, Tampa. It's a great sign. As you know, Florida was pretty hard hit. Not to take anything away from our team down there, the comps. Florida has been in a roll-down period for about 2 years, so the comps are getting a little easier. But they've done a great job. The portfolio's pretty full down there. We're regaining some pricing power. So we've got a good team on the ground, and they're executing and positive outlook for the balance of the year in the Southeast. If we had a hurricane or 2 this year, later in the fourth quarter in Florida, you would really see the numbers kind of move off the charts.
Ronald Havner: Property payroll this quarter was up 2.9%, Michael. Most of that is incentives at the property level due to the higher occupancies and better sales at the property level. That was also up a couple of percent last year. Advertising and promotion's down in Q1, and as I mentioned, will be down a couple of million dollars. Why is that trending down? Well, if you recall, when we went into the downturn in '09, we really ramped up the media spend. So it's going to get easier as rates improve and we can dial down the media spend. R&M is down this quarter, mainly due to lower snow. We don't have any control over that. So that's a benefit we'll get. My guess is our R&M will be comparable to last year for the balance of the year. And then other expenses is primarily management is up 3.5%, and my guess is that'll be up 2%, 3%. So on a long-term run rate basis, and the 2 wildcards here are advertising and promotion and property taxes, but on a long-term run rate basis, I would expect core expenses to go up 2% to 3% a year.
Ronald Havner: There's a mix. The larger, I'm familiar with a couple of the larger transactions that were announced by the other public companies this quarter. One was a pretty well marketed deal. Another was done with an owner, very good product quality in the Northeast. Those were both -- both sets are pretty established portfolios. The foreclosures continue to come to market, but they're generally onesies and twosie transactions, not a portfolio of 20 or 30 foreclosures. So it's still a mix. But I would say the dollar size of what's coming to market is the more well-marketed brokered portfolio.
Ronald Havner: Ross, if I -- I mentioned that we had about 20,000 net customers for the quarter. We had 4% higher move-ins or about 8,000, 8,500. But we had about 6% higher move-outs or 11,000 versus last year.
Ronald Havner: No, David. I mean, we're heading into May, as I mentioned at about 91.3%. That's where we were in June of last year. So we're about a month, 1.5 months ahead in terms of hitting our peak occupancy this year. Demand is robust across the platform. And as John mentioned, he's modulating the promotional discounts and we're dialing back the media spend. So I'd take away from that from what we're seeing, we're fairly confident about our ability to kind of hold pricing and hold volumes. It's a real time thing, it changes week to week. But what we're seeing to date is that it's pretty decent demand across the platform.
Ronald Havner: Well, I think that the big picture, and I really can't answer that question in detail, but the big picture is from 2 years ago, people are out of their bunkers, they're out doing things. Unemployment, yes, is still at 9%, but people are out doing things. There's more activity today than there was 2 years ago. And all of that is very good for our business.
Ronald Havner: I don't know what the other public companies are doing or thinking of. I just look at the pricing of some of the assets that are trading and what that is relative to replacement costs, and go sometime down the road and a developer type will show up there and start to put some product up. And my guess, it will be, as usual, Texas will be the first place.
Ronald Havner: Your numbers are within a pretty close range there, Michael. And are we a buyer for the right assets at 6.5 or 7? I'd say, yes.
Ronald Havner: Michael, if you want to break out the executive team versus the field management, you can go to the proxy. It breaks down the plan in terms of the revenue targets and which of the senior execs here got the RSUs, how much they got for this year. This plan has actually been in place. This is the third year of the plan. And for the last 2 years, we've not hit the revenue targets, and so there's been no RSU grants for the previous 2 years. So this is the third year. We're hoping to hit the targets. I can tell you all the people participating in the plan are highly focused on hitting the targets because, as John mentioned, there's $20 million of RSU grants on the line.
Ronald Havner: Okay. I want to thank everybody for attending our conference call this morning, and we look forward to seeing many of you in about a month in New York at the NAREIT [National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts] conference. So have a good afternoon, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
