Ron Havner: Thank you, Clem. We had another solid quarter, hitting on all cylinders in Europe and in the U.S. and our development pipeline in tenant reinsurance. So, with that, let's open it up for questions.
Ron Havner: Well, right now Smedes, our Shurgard Europe is relatively or modest leveraged. They just did another €300 million financing, so they have €600 million of term debt, average duration of about nine years sub 3% and they will be internally generating about €82 million to €90 million of cash flow with really no requirements other than for growth. So in terms of doing an IPO at this juncture, not sure what we would use the proceeds on since they funded all their acquisitions and they're sitting on €70 million, €80 million of cash at this juncture. Longer term going forward, that will depend on market conditions, growth opportunity those kinds of things.
Ron Havner: Well, I can't tell you what might happen, but as far as, we know there is no pending legislation or bills in California. But I don't know at the moment what is being introduced. We haven't heard anything to give concern at this juncture.
Ron Havner: Sure. The same-store portfolio for Europe operated at 90.1% for the quarter, that's up from 84.9% last year, so 6% increase in occupancy. Realized rents were down a point and half, so revenue growth is about 4.5%, 4.6% and at quarter end the portfolio occupancy was 91.1%. All the markets across Europe were up in occupancy year-over-year. The strongest being in the Holland which closed out at quarter 87.5% versus 76% last year, so 15% growth, but if you recall Holland has been a challenge for us over the last couple of years, so it is obviously recovering and catching up with the rest of Europe.
Ron Havner: Yeah. We have a couple of markets, our better performing markets in the quarter like Denver and Portland that had -- I think that ran about 97% almost 98% occupancy for the quarter. So you can say nationwide, so we possible achieve that where you have every market was hitting on all cylinders. But more likely than not, is there some strong markets, some average markets and some weak markets. So that might be tough to achieve on a national basis. For instance, right now, our DC, Norfolk Virginia markets are languishing a little bit. At the Midwest, it’s not nearly as strong as the West Coast. So to say 2000 portfolio will operate at 90%, probably pretty hard. Having said that, we’re about 96% today.
Ron Havner: They key to follow-on on that, for the quarter, percentage of customers greater than one year was up 60 basis points to 55.9%, up from 55.3%. So if you had a chart in front of you last three years, you would see each quarter and year-over-year, we are moving that percentage of customers greater than one year up. And that really tends to -- goes to John’s comment in terms of filling that base of stable customers that are somewhat of an sticky annuity.
Ron Havner: Well, usually the dynamic in the larger portfolio is not per se question of price. At this juncture, it’s more a question of ownership dynamics, connecting the families that can be partners. That can be that other alternatives to selling, just simply refinancing because it’s not hard to refinance a full stable portfolio at this juncture. So there is a lot of alternatives to the more established operators besides just selling and/or price. There is other dynamics within the ownership going up besides just do you want to sell or do you not want to sell.
Ron Havner: George. So, approximately 66% to 68% of our tenants have the tenant -- participate in the tenant reinsurance program that is offered at our properties. In terms of the G&A, this part quarter, G&A was up about $5.5 million and about $3.2 million of that were related to increased legal costs and it’s for various matters out there. And we are not going to go through what those matters are on this call.
Ron Havner: Ross for the quarter, even though the move-in volume was down about 2000 customers and the move-outs were about flat, we still had 21,800 net customers for the quarter. That’s less than last year when we had 24,000 net customers. But to John’s point, we still had on that 21,000 more people move-in to move-out during the quarter.
Ron Havner: Well, Ross, step back couple of things. First of all, if you -- self-storage is a completely different business than flex industrial. So that’s one. Two, PSB is about 4% of our NOI enterprise value whatever you want to call it. Three, if for us to change our attitude on doing anything with PSB in terms of spinning off or sign it, there would be need to be a change in the tax law such that we would not pay any taxes on that, because most of our interest are held in OP units, which have quite frankly a de minimis tax basis. And so whatever we did with it, we for the most part be purely taxable income and in that requiring a distribution.
Ron Havner: While there were flooded, there were some pretty severe weather in Houston in the Q2. They’re poorly damaged and so we took them out of the same-store pool because they will require extensive repairs. And on tenant insurance business, we had about $800,000 additional cost for estimated claims related to those properties. And in terms of our final estimate of how much it’s going to cost to repair, we don’t have that, that’s still under process. My guess is it would be a couple million dollars.
Ron Havner: No, Shurgard operates as a standalone entity. We own 49% of it, a large pension fund owns 51% of it, the other 51% and Shurgard has taken quite a while to get here, but Shurgard is self-funding. And as I noted and it issued the bonds, the €600 million bonds without any credit support from either of the two shareholders.
Ron Havner: Well, internally we continue to use our historical underwriting assumptions of generally about three years for a standard size property. If it’s above average size, say like Gerard property, I believe we used four years. So for 2000 plus unit property, we used the four-year stabilization period. The nice thing is we are exceeding those by quite a bit. We opened a new facility here in Glendale about 2000 units at the end of April and it’s already have 50% occupied in about two months. So that’s a quite incredible, that’s a combination of, it’s a great product, the marketing team, the internet marketing team highlighting that facility, the pricing team pricing it to sell, and then of course operational execution at the unit level.
Ron Havner: Mike, I think we are -- the team has got their track shoes on and they are going around the track about as fast as they can with respect to the development team. They are doing a great job. And keep in mind in terms of the development pipeline, you’ve got stuff delivering right. So we’ve got product like the Glendale property delivered in Q2, so that comes out of the pipeline and so you got to backfill that just to kind of run in place at $500 million or $480 million. So there's a continuous in out process on that pipeline of deliveries and the new projects coming into it. So I wouldn't anticipate much more, that number going much above $500 million, certainly not within the next six to 12 month. In terms of what we've got under construction and how long, it will be pretty much third, fourth quarter of '16 before that's all built in out of the ground and up and operating and then you can figure two years after that before it stabilize. So think in '18 before what we're working on now get stabilized.
Ron Havner: Yes. Steve, we do look at that, we look it by markets, by demographics. We aren’t seeing anything different than what we saw last year, so they’re behaving the same for the most part. So we’re continuing to send out those increases just the same strategy as we have last year. We probably year-to-date have spent out about 5% or more increases and the percentage increases about the same as last year, which is about 9% to 10%.
Ron Havner: Steve, we are certainly looking at that. So I wouldn’t be surprised if before the year it’s done that we haven’t kept into some form of debt. I’ve mentioned the last time we’ve been looking at private placement as well as public debt. We’ve looked at various maturity levels, which certainly long-dated maturities also. And we do have a few series of preferred stock, one becomes callable in the fourth quarter of this year. And I think we have two larger series that become callable next year, so definitely on in my mind. And I think you might see something happen before the end of the year.
Ron Havner: No. Michael, I think most of what in the projects that I kind of used the 60 properties, either under construction or about to start construction. We’re pretty close to getting the deal tie down. I would anticipate that those will be constructed by the end of 2016, a good chunk balance of this year, first half of next year but it will dribble out through 2016. So if you take that 60 properties, we’re 5% of the industry say, so that’s about 1200 properties nationwide, right. 100 million to 120 million square feet, it’s not occurring at all, but all the uniformity they’ll cross the country. Where we’re developing, where we see other people developing the most of markets where you'd expect, Texas, Florida, Arizona, we’re not developing anything in the Midwest but their stuff going on there. Where's development not or it’s de minimis Los Angeles, San Francisco, Downtown Seattle, Downtown Miami, Boston where it’s very challenging to get sites. You’re competing with the high-rise residential guys where there is simply not available, land available to build self-storage. So it’s not uniform across the country. But if you can take our portfolio, our development is a percentage of our portfolio and where we are in the industry. 2.5%, 3% industry expansion doesn't sound unreasonable. That compares with the kind of the Canada growth rate, which I talked about on previous calls, of U.S, population growth which is somewhere between 0.8% and 1% across the country. Again, population growth is not uniform. It’s higher in markets like Texas, Florida, Arizona, so maybe the product coming on there can be absorbed by the above average population growth.
Ron Havner: I don’t want to rule out any possibility. Certainly the opportunity for developer to do what is referred to as the C of O deals with pretty much the other public companies are offering to buy properties newly developed, take away the fill-up risk, the operational risk and from what we’ve observed, pay close to retail prices on that. That’s certainly a very, very strong incentive if you’re a local or regional developer for you to build and sell product and into the public market be as a C of O deals. What that does to the volume, I don't know. And does our percentage reflective of the industry or maybe we start development a couple years ago, so maybe we’re at low ahead of the curve. But our feeling here, our observation is certainly development is accelerating, most regional and local operators that we talk to are all developing whether it’s one project or five. Lot of people are developing product.
Ron Havner: 150%, its varies Jordan. I mean, I don’t have any information to say what we just -- we can look at what we're building for per foot approximately and see some of these deals and go. Okay, that is about 150% to 200% of what we’re building for those market.
Ron Havner: Jordan, if you -- let's go back to the kind of middle of your question, you start to where we at the 2008-2009 kind of the great recession that we were at 50% payout, why where we that low? While we had done the Shurgard merger in 2006 and if you recall that was about $5.5 billion deal. We structured that, even though it was all stock as a taxable transaction. So, which was very important to us, so we picked up a lot of tax basis in that transaction in one shot. In addition, a lot of the merger costs and option exercise costs and severance costs we waited till the deal closed. And so we’ve got a lot of tax benefits from that transaction in ‘06, ‘07 or ‘08 which helps to keep our -- our earnings were growing, our payout wasn't changing and so the spread between earnings and payout got very low to your comment. As time has gone on, the portfolios continued to improve, we’ve delevered and some of those tax benefits have burned off to where we’re -- basically, our payout is still at a taxable income. That strategy has not changed in 25 years is still our taxable income. But as the portfolios grown, we are only able to retain $250 million, $300 million a year. So as the earning basis is growing, that has reduced our percentage of retaining cash flow. The absolute numbers about the same but percentage wise, therefore our payout ratios has gone up. John, you want to? In terms of -- if we did leverage, would that help us, if it was positive leverage it would probably exacerbate the problem.
Ron Havner: Let me go back to the Shurgard transaction. So the way that was structured is -- what are the underlying cash flows, what’s the underlying real estate and how much real estate value are we giving up by issuing 20% of our stock, 25% of our stock in exchange for the Shurgard assets? So that was the way we structured the deal, the pricing we came up with the deal. We didn't factor in synergies and we didn't factor in the tax attributes. Those things were icing on the cake. And to take care of the things that we didn't know about in the transaction. But so our underwriting on real estate, the way we think about it, what markets, sub markets, really goes to that question I answered earlier about our strategy of building presence and dominance in markets, building and buying A and B locations, the tax side of it is not part of that underwriting analysis in terms of what we'll pay for something of our view on the quality of the real estate.
John Reyes: Yeah. Jeff, this is John. On the advertising, the advertising was down in the quarter, primarily because we didn't do television advertising in this second quarter versus last year where we did do about, I think, about a $0.5 million of advertising. We also spent a little less on the key search terms on the Internet. I think that was down maybe a couple hundred thousand dollars there. Going forward on the advertising, I would expect that it’s probably going to be relatively flat Q3 and into Q4, because we probably go back on to television in those quarters similar to what we did last year. As per the R&M, I think it's really -- it's down but it’s mostly I think timing, I think, we're expecting for the full year that R&M will be relatively flat. So there should be a little bit of an uptick in the latter half this year.
John Reyes: We’re doing everything we can to pare it back. Even though our occupancies remain high, we still had over 2000 tenants move out during the quarter. So we still have to advertise to replace those tenants and maintain the occupancy level. So if people stop moving out, I can guarantee you will cut down that advertising cost quite a bit.
John Reyes: The problem that happens when you start pushing rate too high is you will get a tenant that you probably have to continue to provide the dollar special discount, and/or you will get a tenant that will not be a very long-term tenant. So, it's not necessarily -- the game is not won on the move-in rate. The game is won on getting the tenant that stays long and becomes very sticky to rate increases. Although we are pushing rate could we get more aggressive? Absolutely. We would lose occupancy and we would get a tenant that would not stay as long. And that's not in our strategy.
John Reyes: I can’t speak about other people’s move-in volumes and whether they are up or down. But what I could tell you with respect to ours, with their occupancy as high as they are and our occupancy spread being higher than last year, we have less inventory to sell. So notwithstanding the fact that our absolute numbers of moving volume is down, the velocity of move-ins, the move-ins relative to what we have to sell as a percentage is up quite a bit. So, I mean, if you took it to an extreme and we were 100% occupied, we would have no move-ins, right. So, closer we get to 100% occupied, it's very difficult to get move-in volumes on a year-over-year basis to increase. So, we are quite comfortable with the move-ins. We are still getting a lot of -- unfortunately, we're getting a lot of demand into our system, the demand, the call volume, the hits to our website, our website of both mobile and desktop are still way up. Part of our problem is that we have -- we are running into capacity issue in terms of inventory.
John Reyes: And the other thing, George, as we just recently increased our dividend, so we increased it to a level that we think will sustain us probably for another year. So right now what you're seeing is that 80% that you threw out will probably get down into the 70s. So it's not -- you're looking at, I think for one quarter because we just bumped it this past quarter. But it'll get back down into 70s again. So, you are looking at the front end of that dividend increase relative to the current earnings. What we did is projected out earnings for the next 12 months and came up with that dividend level. So, I think you’ll see it come back a little bit more in line but it’s not going back down to 50%. I think it’s probably -- we pretty much hit the wall in terms of, I think what we can do to reduce taxable income. So, I think that’s where you are going to see our payout ratio for the foreseeable future.
John Reyes: Well, each acquisition is about the same percentage of land, building, and a depreciable life with 29, 30 years.
