Edward John Reyes: Thank you, Clem. I have a few comments on the impact of Hurricane Sandy. We have 90 facilities in the New York, New Jersey market of which 70 in our Same Store pool of properties. These 70 facilities generated approximately $27 million in revenues during the third quarter. Within a few days, all of these facilities were open and operating. Damage to our facilities was minimal. We expect expenditures will be less than $1.5 million for repairs. With respect to third quarter earnings, our FFO -- our core FFO per share was $1.76 compared to $1.56 last year, a 13% increase. This growth was primarily driven by a 7.9% increase in our same-store net operating income for $0.13 per share and lower preferred stock dividends of $0.05 per share. As announced yesterday, we will be redeeming, on December 27, 3 series of our preferred securities totaling $363 million. As a result, we expect to record an EITF expense of approximately $12 million in the fourth quarter. With that, I will now turn it over to Ron.
Edward John Reyes: We didn't -- Michael, because we were in a position during the third quarter where we did more promotional discounting than we did in Q2, so on a relative basis, our growth slowed down.
Edward John Reyes: It's pretty much unchanged, Michael, for the most part. With that said, though, we have more tenants. So that's going to kind of put pressure on the percentage that's going to be greater than 1 year.
Edward John Reyes: Yes. And Todd, to do that, we've been keeping our pricing pretty much consistent with prior year. So people that are moving in are moving in at rates that are pretty much flat on a year-over-year basis. So one of the things that we have been able to do is reduce the level of discounting that we've been giving up. So we've been able to gain occupancy, reduce discounts, but the move-in rate is about flat.
Edward John Reyes: I would expect that we will be in the market sometime in the next couple of months to try to issue additional preferred securities and take advantage of the current rate environment that's very favorable. So we're not -- we don't have it as a goal to delever the company per se. We're right now just trying to reduce the overall cost of capital to the company.
Edward John Reyes: Ron expects and I'm hoping that we can do it. So we will find out, but I don't know, Michael, right now.
Edward John Reyes: Well, at that point, once we take care of, let's say, refinancing the $362 million that we called last night, we're not afraid to sit on cash. We've done that before. So we'll opportunistically issue preferred probably in 2013, put some cash on the balance sheet and hopefully opportunities come our way and we can utilize that cash. But we want to make sure that we're taking advantage of the current rate environment and load up the balance sheet with some cash if we need to be.
Edward John Reyes: And on G&A, Mike, most of the pop was due to stock-based compensation. We had a little higher in expenditures and legal fees. Expect a run rate for 2012 to be somewhere in the $57 million range. And then 2013, I would assume, as Ron said, an inflater off of that.
Edward John Reyes: In some respects yes, it's what our peers are doing, Ross. But in a lot of respects, it's what our portfolio of tenants are doing. They're staying longer. They're more sticky now, which is enabling us to maintain occupancies without having to have the same -- necessarily the same level of move-in volume and giving away more and more promotion. So we're being conservative on the rate to get them in, but we're also being a little stingier on the discounts. And we've said this before, the whole game and growing the revenues, at least on the rate side, is sending increases to the existing tenant base. And Ron had mentioned that although our tenant base -- our aging tenant base is roughly a little bit less than last year, in absolute numbers that is actually growing. So as we come back around to 2013, we hope that the tenant base will be -- continue to be more stable and we will send out more increases in terms of absolute number of increases to tenants as we get into 2013. So it's really -- a lot has to do with the stabilization of our tenants.
Edward John Reyes: Well, there's always some rent roll-down, but on the increases that go on, we can send out increases of 9% to folks and it will result in an uptick in move-out activity. But on a net-net basis for those who stay and pay the 9%, it's a big win for us, so -- and what we are seeing is that, that uptick in move-out activity is starting to diminish somewhat, too. So again, the tenant base is becoming more sticky. They're accepting the increases more. And I think we're being a lot smarter in how we're going about sending out those increases, so yes.
Edward John Reyes: Well, we have 90 facilities in the New York, New Jersey market. The properties that are benefiting the most, so to speak, from the storm are those along the Jersey coast and on the -- on Long Island. I can't tell you how many we have there because I don't know. So I'd just be guessing, but those properties are doing well. As Ron said, some of them are 100% occupied right now. But some of the other 90 properties that are in the New Jersey, New York market are, say, north of the city, and they're pretty much business as usual. We're not -- we didn't see any real uptick in demand.
Edward John Reyes: Well, about a little more than half of our move-in volume is coming from the Internet, be it the Internet from search engines, organic searches, mobile devices, what have you. And yes, it has started to change our way of how we spend advertising dollars. I mean, we do spend a lot of money on keyword search as well as other Internet strategies. In fact, the bulk of our advertising spend is being done on the web for the most part.
Ronald L. Havner: Thank you, John. The third quarter benefited from solid demand, resulting in record high occupancies and higher realized rents. In Q3, customer acquisition costs declined, and customer move-ins increased by 6,200 or about 3%. Customer move-outs declined by about 2,500. At the end of October, occupancy and in-place rents were higher than last year. The Charlotte and Denver markets led the country with revenue growth of 8% followed by Houston and Miami with about 6%. Los Angeles, our largest market, grew by 4.4%. And San Francisco, our second largest market, increased by about 5.5%. In Europe, same-store NOI improved 2% despite a challenging operating environment. We recently acquired 8 facilities and have 2 others under contract. Total 2012 acquisition volume for third parties will be just over $200 million. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, I think it's a little early to comment on that since the election just happened this week.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, we've always had the issue in California. It comes up from time-to-time on Prop 13. But in terms of saying that something imminent is going to happen when the legislature hasn't even convened, is a little premature.
Ronald L. Havner: Q2 -- or Q3, Michael, is a net move-out quarter versus Q2, which is up to flat. So as the quarter progresses, you trend down in terms of losing occupancy, so it tends to be a little more higher discounts in Q2. Q2, we peak in occupancy at 93-or-so percent.
Ronald L. Havner: Sure, Mike. At the end of October, our occupancy was 92.3% versus 90.9% last year. And with the rates...
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, as you've heard me say before, it's easy to buy real estate. All you have to do is show up with the biggest check. So that's not that hard to do. Buying real estate at or below replacement cost-quality assets, that's hard to do. So I think we pretty much have a no-lose strategy. 60% to 70% of the stuff we bought this year was distressed in one form or another and was acquired at substantial discount to replacement cost. The other stuff was either marketed or off-market deals. And so I'm very, very pleased with the acquisitions that we're doing. And as I said, I don't think we can really lose with that.
Ronald L. Havner: A little better, a little better. We felt good coming out of Q2 with high occupancies. As we touched on in Q2, our promotional discounts were down. Media spend was down. And as we had in our second quarter call, the trend was good. So a little better, especially on the expense side than we anticipated, but overall, about as planned.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, we're not considering selling any assets at this time. David Doll's here, so I'll let him give you some color on the acquisition market, but as I touched on with Michael, we look at properties. We look at replacement costs, and that's a key factor. And so sometimes we get outbid. But I'll let David give some more color on that.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Europe, I made the comment, Michael, that same-store NOI was improved by 2% despite a challenging operating environment. That NOI growth was principally achieved by expense reduction, principally in the R&M and advertising area. Europe, itself, our European operation would be in what I would call a deleveraging mode. Last year, we acquired the JV interest and refinanced it in the fourth quarter with a third-party loan from Wells Fargo. And we're taking our cash from operations and paying down that credit facility pursuant to its terms. Our hope is, longer term, sometime in '13, maybe '14, that our debt-to-EBITDA will get in the 4 to 4.5 range. And we hope to qualify for an investment grade rating at which time we'll consider various opportunities to refinance out the balance of the Wells Fargo loan as well as possibly the Public Storage intercompany debt.
Ronald L. Havner: Yes. Overall, I think Europe is -- well, I know it's doing better than we anticipated. John and I thought Europe would be a pretty negative same-store NOI growth this year, and the team over there has done a good job. While occupancy is back about 300 basis points, in-place rents are up about 3.5%. So we've been able to hold it in terms of the revenue line pretty well and then been pretty aggressive on cost management. So overall, it's a positive NOI year, which, quite frankly, is surprising. Our toughest market continues to be Holland where we're at 73% occupied at the end of the quarter, which is down 6.5% from last year. Despite very aggressive rental rate reductions and promotional discounts, we've been very challenged to get traction there in Holland. Most of the other markets are kind of chugging along. France is a little soft. Denmark, we've got some tough year-over-year comps. There was a big flood up in Denmark. London's doing great. Same-store NOI in London for the quarter was up 18% year-over-year and occupancy and rates are up. So London's kind of the bright spot for us in Europe.
Ronald L. Havner: So we're coming into Q4 very strong with higher year-over-year occupancies. Someone else earlier asked about the October occupancies. They're at 92.3% versus 90.9%, so they've gapped out about 1.4%, 1.5%. So we're heading into Q4 very strong. John touched on rates are about the same as last year. So we're feeling pretty good going into Q4 in U.S.
Ronald L. Havner: I don't think whether we issue 5% or 5 1/4% preferred changes what replacement cost has. Managing one side of the balance sheet is a little independent of the other.
Ronald L. Havner: Let me try to touch on being aggressive. We recently acquired 2 properties in Hawaii at $250 a foot? About $250 a foot, probably a 10% or 15% premium to replacement costs. There are 2 probably of 15 A properties in the Hawaii market. It was an off-market deal. So we definitely paid up for that. We'll we do that again? Yes. So A product in A markets, in my mind, we're very aggressive in terms of bidding or -- for that kind of product.
Ronald L. Havner: Steve, as I've touched on, in previous quarters, I think development is inevitable. We're starting to see it. We've been seeing it this year around the country in various markets. We took down a property in New York that you could consider it a large redevelopment or a development -- we're redeveloping a existing building there in the Bronx. So yes, I think you're going to see us a little more aggressive on the development and redevelopment front in 2013.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, Michael, just try to -- let's think about rent growth here for a couple of things. There's a couple of levers. One, occupancy, which is volume. I've touched on where our occupancies are at the end of September, where they are in October. So you're going to see some growth in the rental revenue line from that gap in occupancy, which we hope to maintain or expand in Q4 and into Q1. The second thing is with respect to rental rate increases to existing customers and John can touch on that, but we've been running -- a lot of our growth comes from that and I think it's been 3.5%, 4% of our growth comes from those. And then the third factor that's been a -- probably a bigger impact in 2012 versus last 3 or 4 years is promotional discounts, which we've been able to modulate down, especially during the second and third quarter due to our high occupancy. So going into 2013, if we're able to sustain the higher level of occupancies, we hope to be able to modulate further down the promotional discounts. We've got 3 drivers to the rental revenue line: discounts, volume and rental rate increases to existing customers.
Ronald L. Havner: I think there's some opportunities on the expense side going into 2013, not a lot, but some. I would kind of go back to what I always tell people and that is you should assume a 2% to 3% expense growth on a long-term basis.
Ronald L. Havner: I'll let John address G&A. The cap rate on Hawaii properties I think the going in was about 2%, 2.5% and they're about 45%, 50% occupied.
Ronald L. Havner: Ross, John and I were talking about this the other day. And pretty much across the portfolio, business is good, whether it's Kansas City, Austin, San Francisco, Houston, Miami. Across the portfolio, it's good. Probably our softer market is somewhere in the Northeast, Philly, D.C. but it's still good.
Ronald L. Havner: Well, in some of the sub-markets where the hurricane hit, yes. I mean, we've had -- as we've gotten properties back online, we've had pretty robust demand and we have a number of properties that are simply out of space.
