Ron Havner: Thanks, Clem. And good morning everyone, we had pretty good quarter, Q2. So operator let's open up for questions.
Ron Havner: Well I think I step back and certainly new supplies having an impact, but I think a bigger impact on the numbers is the comps that everyone is coming off from 2015 and 2016. If you recall first quarter '16 and even second quarter most operators were pretty full, peak occupancies promotional discounts had been dial down advertising expense was nominal, but for us, we didn't know advertising in Q2 of 2016. And so the growth in terms of rental growth today is for the most part what your rental rate increases are for your existing customers and that's an offset impart by rental rate roll down because new take rates are lower than in place rents, which peaked probably in Q1 or Q2 of '16. So you have got the headwind of roll down, occupancies are still robust, but promotional discounts are certainly not going down maybe just going up modestly and then for us we're increasing advertising. So it's just incredible tough comps, I'll give you an example, Atlanta certainly has new supply but Atlanta in Q2 of 2016 had a 9.2% same-store revenue growth and came in this year at 3.3%. So that's a pretty good degradation in revenue growth, but I would tell you last year Atlanta at 9.2% it was clearly not sustainable peak occupancies, lower discounts and clearly not a sustainable number. So bigger picture it's just really tough comps peak occupancy, lower discounts and then you probably got some headwind with respect to new supply.
Ron Havner: Well New York last quarter last year had for us 3.8% revenue growth. And this year had 2.25% revenue growth, so up about 150 basis points in terms of Q2 '16 versus Q2 '17 growth. I think with New York your question is probably related to new supply, and while there is new supply in New York I don't think most of the anticipated new supply has hit the market yet.
Ron Havner: Well, Steve it's similar to my answer from last quarter and that is we have higher deliveries this year than last year. And based on my unscientific analysis of looking at pipelines it only have - I don't have the other three publicized CofO pipeline. Yes because they have reported, but going back from last quarter, supply using that methodology new deliveries will be about 20% next year. So I'm guessing 35 million square feet could deliver this year, 43 million square feet or about 700 or 800 properties next year. So if we're hitting a peak in terms of deliveries is probably '18 and then you're going to have a year or two of absorption from that.
Ron Havner: I can't say that Steve. Because we'll increase marketing spend as necessary to drive volume. And we're coming off a low base of '16. I would be surprised if we went negative, but I can't say that that's out of the question.
Ron Havner: Well at the end of Q1 we said we spend more on advertising and marketing expense and we did. That was up about $1.7 million in Q2 versus last year, I'm sorry, about $2.7 million. A $1 million of that was the internet marketing. So we went from $3.4 million to $4.4 million, and TV went from zero to $1.7 million. So our total spend on those triumphs was up $2.7 million. The other big driver is which has been constant for the last couple of years is property taxes up again about $4.5 million or $2.5 million.
Ron Havner: No, I think see that we advertise a lot more or we start cutting rates we do both, and we're going to experiment with more rate reductions and see what that gets us. It's not about occupancy precise we're trying to maintain a revenue growth. And so that's really our goal and so we're going to start playing with the rental rates a little bit more.
Ron Havner: I have to say in Q2 the increased marketing spend, internet spend wasn't as effective as we would have liked everyone is - I could tell you everyone is paying a lot more on the internet, there is a few more competitors and the bids are higher, but it's not really changing the positioning. It's just costing more but not really driving much more volume. And TV, we got some lift in it, but it wasn't as effective as we would have liked.
Ron Havner: Todd, it's a little hard to tell, as I've mentioned in prior quarters, the occupancy gaps are really in places like Houston and Denver, whereas Chalkville and San Francisco and Los Angeles. And so you can't really move customers. John mentioned in Houston we were down 15%, 20% of rates in the quarter and we really didn't - actually we saw negative movement volume in Houston in the quarter despite increased marketing and lower rates. So some markets are just hard to get the velocity, the movement velocity going.
Ron Havner: Well, I would just say that the trends that were relevant last quarter I don't think it changed much, you've got the provision of the banks for consumer credit are continue to tick-up, delinquencies continue to tick-up, overall leverage of the consumer is still high. So those macro factors that I touched on last quarter haven't changed, if you look at our portfolio all top 20 markets had lower revenue growth year-over-year same as Q1. So we're down across the board to different degrees. The markets are somewhat changing in terms of the degradation or rate of degradation, Houston and Denver have been leading the charge. Our big decelerators this quarter were Charlotte, Portland and Atlanta. So there is a change, but in terms of which markets are decelerating a little faster, but overall all the top 20 markets are down in terms of rate of growth.
Ron Havner: We've heard of tightening of construction lending. Remind you we don't - we're not people that use construction lending, but we heard of tightening of that. We've gotten a couple of calls from people asking us if we'd like to make construction loans, which would tell me obviously the banks are not making them because they're calling us. And we're seeing a few more deals - enquiries on deals where people have projects in the ground or just out of the ground that they'd like to monetize sooner rather than later. And you've seen there is a couple of packages on the market today where someone has developed four to six portfolio - 46 property portfolios and rather than waiting for them to get stabilized that putting them on the market. So I would say some of the quicker thinking developers are bringing stuff to market and then seeing that the slowdown that's happening overall.
Ron Havner: When a project come out of the ground it leases up, so far the proprieties coming out of the ground are leasing up faster than we projected albeit at lower rental rates than we projected. So we're getting some benefit of lower rental rates versus greater volume and net-net that's a positive. In terms of the projects that we've so far got out on the ground, they look to be on track, but as I've said before it will be two to three years before we really have a good grasp of are we hitting the numbers or not. Q2 we're going to deliver about 16 properties million 6 square feet across five different markets the largest being Houston where we will deliver 770,000 square feet.
Ron Havner: The market rents change every day. So I don't - mark-to-market the portfolio every day in terms of what the yield is, but so far we're on track to take somewhere between an 8% and 10% cash on cash return on cost.
Ron Havner: Same store revenue growth top five markets Los Angeles was 5.7%, San Francisco was 3.6%, New York was 2.2%, Chicago was 1.1%, D.C. was 2.0% and Miami was 2.2%.
Ron Havner: Not necessarily behavior from customers, and John can comment on the street rates. San Francisco Q2, 2016 had 7.2% same store growth, and it came in at 3.6%, so and Los Angeles was 7.9% last year and is up 5.74% this year. So actually those two markets were the biggest contributors to our slowdown in revenue growth, not because they're doing bad, 3.6% and 5.7% is very good, is just coming off very tough comps from 2016 of 7 plus percent revenue growth. So those two markets were almost 60 bps of our 2.7% revenue decline year-over-year.
Ron Havner: 95% plus occupied, promotional discounts are good. So overall demand is very good in those markets it's just that they're coming of very tough comp.
Ron Havner: I believe, I said the long-term growth rate over 20 years or something like 3.4%, 3.6%, we were above trend line for about three years. So we could be below trend line from some period of time to get to overall average of that and again the overall long-term average may change from 3.4% higher or lower. But it's not surprising to me that we're below trend line given how far above trend line we went.
Ron Havner: At this time, I think it will be about similar size, probably a mix difference in terms of a more shift, continued shift towards redevelopments versus ground-up development. But if I look out to '18 in terms of deliveries and what we've got in our I will call it our second shadow pipeline stuff we have in the works, I think we will be close to where we are today.
John Reyes: Yes. There was nothing really specific that caused that difference, I think it was just really the way the quarter had accelerated quicker than what it normally do. So the deceleration happens faster than what those numbers would normally indicate on how that quarter would predict to be out using those metrics. So there is nothing unusual other than the deceleration and how quickly that happens.
John Reyes: Well going forward we still have those same indicators in there. So right now, if you net the two numbers that it's at about a 2.9%, I don't know what the third quarter is going to be, but it's probably going to be somewhere in the 2% to 3% range.
John Reyes: Steve this is John. Right now I'll tell you that our street rates are up about 2%, but that's going to change probably pretty - today it will change. We are going to start reducing the rates significantly in some of our major markets. During the - Houston for example is a market that we were down during the quarter about 15% in rates we will probably take those down a lot more. Overall our same-stores on the movement rates the take rates that are coming in were down about 4% during the quarter and we had about flat moving volume. With respect to our other major markets, I would say most of them are down to flat with few exceptions such as like Los Angeles and Seattle, but I would say most of them are fairly flat.
John Reyes: Well I mean that's in terms of decline it's our worse performing market in terms of year-over-year growth, but it's not necessarily our worse performing market in terms of the deceleration. There is other markets like Ron pointed out Atlanta that is decelerating I think worse than Houston is.
John Reyes: Well, I can't speak as to the magnitude Todd, but the markets, I mean, you can imagine they're the usual suspects that we've been struggling with such as Houston and Denver as well as others were - our revenue growth, our occupancies, our movement volumes are under pressure. So those would be the markets that we've a target. The degree or the significance could be anywhere from 5% or whatever to 15%, 20% reduction in rates. So, don't really know, I don't know those numbers just yet, but our folks are working on them.
John Reyes: Smedes this is John. We continue to send out the rental rate increases of the renewals just like we did last year. We haven't change. We're still monitoring it very closely to see if there is an uptick move activity. We haven't noticed anything. So the in place - the long-term talent still is very sticky. Length of stay still appears to be very similar, even our new incoming tenants the issue really is trying to get more demand into our system and we have lack of pricing power, which is what we were talking about in Q1. So those issues to continue to be with us.
John Reyes: We get our street rates during Q2 you're not going to speak to that what they move-ins were doing. The move-ins came in at rates that were below last year by about I think it was about 3.7% and we had about flat move-in volume. So that would suggest that our street rates throughout the quarter were pretty much down. Currently our street rates are up about 2% for the month of July, but as I mentioned will probably be cutting many markets by varying degrees. In terms of your question about if street rates stayed flat, I think you were asking if what would that do to revenue growth.
John Reyes: I don't know. I have no idea. Right now we're rolling down. I think Ron might have touched on that. People are moving in at about 130 bucks a month - they are moving in at about $130 a month and they're vacating at about $138 a month and that compares to last year where it's about flat where they're moving in at about $136 and vacating at $136. So, we're definitely down and that particular metric work actually accelerating. So that roll down spread has widened.
John Reyes: Ki for the quarter the rental rate increases added about $400,000 of monthly contract rent, which did not offset the rent roll down we experienced, which was about $1.9 million.
John Reyes: So the move-in and move-out equation took away because rent volume down took away about $1.9 million of monthly rent whereas the rental rate increases added about $400,000.
John Reyes: Well it still have - I mean, year-over-year it still has the same impact with relative to itself. But my point is that impact is not enough to offset the rent roll down on the move-in move-out volumes. Whereas in the past the move-in move-out volumes pretty much were slightly negative to flat. And so the rate increases had a much more impactful year-over-year growth that growth that we're experiencing that it does now. even notwithstanding the fact that the volume basically the same. I don't know if that make sense, but it's not as impactful because that roll down is just trumping it right now.
John Reyes: Well, I'll tell you that we call a production rate, our production rate which measures basically the move-in that we get versus the inquiries that we're getting are better. So we're getting a lot less inquiries, about 3% to 4% less inquiries into the various channels we have, whether it be call center, the website, either the mobile, or the desktop. But notwithstanding the fact that we're getting less, we had flat move-ins for the most part. So we're making up for it by getting better reservation rates and getting better shop rates.
John Reyes: So 10-year we think it's maybe around the 330-ish area and the 30-year maybe about 420, 425. And that's off the top [ph] I mean, but I think it's roughly in that neighborhood.
John Reyes: I think preferred still around the same place we did the last issuance, which is end of May, early June, which was a 515.
John Reyes: But it was - the rate increases are similar to last year Mike roughly in the 8% to 10% range to existing tenants that qualify.
