Clem Teng: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter earnings call. Here with me today are Ron Havner and John Reyes. Before we begin, I want to remind those on the call that all statements other than statements of historical facts included in this conference call are forward-looking statements, subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. These risks and other factors that could adversely affect our business and future results are described in today's earnings press release and in our reports filed with the SEC. All forward-looking statements speak only as of today, April 27, 2016, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A reconciliation to GAAP and the non-GAAP financial measures we are providing on this call is included in our earnings press release. You can find our press release, SEC reports and an audio webcast replay of this conference call on our Web site at www.publicstorage.com. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ron.
Clem Teng: Gwen, when you get through the queue, I think you will see that actually Chicago's NOI was up almost 11% and that's not due to operating fundamental, that's due to less nodes than last year.
Clem Teng: Thank you for participating on our call and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Have a good afternoon.
Ron Havner: Thank you, Clem and welcome everyone. We had another solid quarter here in Q1. So, let's open it up for questions. 
Ron Havner: Smedes, this is Ron. We've not changed our criteria at all, but I would summarize the market for acquisition as more product, lower quality, higher prices. 
Ron Havner: Well, the decision to grow the development pipeline, our growth -- to development started about three -- in earnest about three years ago, and we started doing that in part because we couldn't find product and markets or submarkets where we wanted to build out our franchise, build out a platform and two, we saw the continued escalation of prices of acquisitions which previous question I just answered, just kind of comes up bare it has been for the last 12 to 18 months. So, the pricing on acquisitions wasn’t making sense and then getting new product in markets where we didn't have existing product is rational for the development platform. And to the teams' credit this quarter we ended with 600 million in the pipeline which is a new record for us and most of that about two thirds of that 350 million will be delivered this year, which is also fantastic. In terms of construction cost let me pass to David. 
Ron Havner: I think that's been pretty close between 800 and 1,000 and that's nothing has really changed, my guess always it's accelerating, so as we go through the year that probably -- number will accelerate, the number of people entertaining development, trying to get their arms around it, or undertaking it continues to grow.
Ron Havner: I'd say that the street rates during the quarter were up about 5%, the take rate on our move in, which are move in were about up 1% during the quarter and they were moving in that rate that were about 4% higher than last year. The move out rates that were up 5.6% year-over-year and just to give you a flavor of the take rate, the move in rate was about average on the per unit basis about $124 versus the move out rate of about $135, which is about probably $11 difference there. And that compares to last year at about $119 move in versus $128 move out.
Ron Havner: Well we have thought about that Ross, we continue to think about that. In terms of needing that as capital for development, we have plenty of firepower here on the balance sheet to undertake our development program. Keep in mind $300 million to $400 million, call $350 million a year of retained cash flow goes a long ways towards funding the development program. That's what our spin will be this year, so it's basically -- this level of development we're basically taking our retained cash flow and underwriting the development program. To your first question yes we are -- we continue to look at maybe peeling off some markets where we don't want to grow in and we don't have much of a presence.
Ron Havner: Two markets that come to mind Todd, one is the boroughs in New York, we have -- we don't have anything in the boroughs per say, well we've got one on Long Island and we've got one over in Jersey City but that's it. But just looking at the sea of ordeals of the other public, our public competitors as well as what we know is going on, the borough seem to have materially above average level of development and high proportion of existing supply coming in, the other is Denver where we've been told there's 40 to 50 properties on the board or about to be developed in that market, which is a big number for that size of market. We're developing quite a bit in Dallas, we -- where we are developing North Dallas, we're not seeing a lot of new competitors, we're down in Houston, we've seen some uptick in Houston, but nothing relative to the size, in terms of size and market, nothing from our perspective to be concerned about at this juncture.
Ron Havner: We're pretty much ahead across the board in terms of our selling up faster, ahead of pro forma, so that process continues. The fundamentals of the business are great. Our customer acquisition costs were down again this quarter, we've brought in more customers at lower costs than higher rates. So, the fundamentals of the business continue to be just excellent. And that's playing into fortunately our development platform as well.
Ron Havner: George, I don't recall what Q2 snow removable cost were last year, I'm sure we had some, it was a pretty tough winter last year, so there maybe some minor positive expense variance on snow or next year but most of the other expenses, as I always say, I would count on 2% to 3% property taxes we've got them running at 4.5%. We don't see that change much, so if I were modeling I'd model 2% to 3%. 
Ron Havner: Ki, we don't usually provide that but I don't think there was any trend different in April than what John mentioned in the first quarter in terms of moving rates and move out rates, and street rates versus take rates.
Ron Havner: Jason, I don't have the occupancies or any of that stuff on the acquisition here with me. They are generally somewhere between 70% and 85% occupied. In terms of price per foot, we acquired was about $110 and $120 a foot, it varies by market. 
Ron Havner: They're just like Los Angeles or San Francisco or Manhattan, I mean, you've got core -- the core markets the inner ring in Paris, downtown near Buckingham Palace is central part of London. First of all you can't get zoning, second of all if piece of land is for sale it's incredible expensive, probably doesn't make sense, so it's equally as tough. And that the sites we've done in London are -- they've not been easy in terms of getting the zoning. Same challenges that you face here where the markets where you really-really want to be in and there's no competition, it's really hard or there's no zoning.
Ron Havner: You got to keep in mind, in all of Western Europe and again this is best guess statistics, somewhere between 1,500 and 1,800 facilities in all of Western Europe including Great Britain, over half of which are in Great Britain, so the product that's available across the continent is pretty thin, there's not a lot of -- I think in Berlin there's 10 to 12 facilities in all of Berlin. So, there's not a lot to buy and the product is on an average I'd say much lower quality than U.S. because a lot of that was not purpose built, a lot of it was converted, office, converted garages, converted industrial buildings, and it takes a variety of shapes and sizes. So, not a lot of purpose built product in Europe, not a lot of product to even buy and most surprised there's over in Great Britain and a lot of its outside London.
John Reyes: Glenn, this is John. I can run through some of those. So Los Angeles, which was by far our largest market, revenues were up about 8.2%, San Francisco which was on second -- I'll just give you a top ten. San Francisco was 7.8%, New York 4.6%, Chicago 2.4%, Seattle 8.4%, Washington DC 2.6%, Miami 6%, Dallas was 8.9%, Houston 5.2% and Atlanta 7.8%. 
John Reyes: Well DC has been an underperformer for us for several years actually, we struggled with DC, and I think that’s mostly competition. With respect to Chicago that's more of a recent phenomenon. Don’t really know exactly what's going on in Chicago, it's been a struggle for us throughout the market, so it's not just any particular part of the market. So I really can't tell, I think we're keeping our occupancy there but we're lacking pricing power. We'll just keep working on that and see if we can improve it soon. 
John Reyes: Ki, this is John, yes, it is, you seen that sequential push, I think that difficulty for us in Q2 is comps compared to last year where we had an exceptional Q2 last year, that was surprising to us about how much demand came in and our ability to continue to push rates, so we're confident against that but the trend lines are still the same but it is a tougher comp for Q2 this year than we experienced historically. 
John Reyes: Sure, Mike. Europe occupancies for the quarter were 89.8% versus 88.1% so up 1.9%. Realized rents were up 3.1%, so overall rev path growth was 5.2% for the quarter. Expenses were only up 2.8%, so we had 6.7% NOI growth across Europe, so the team is doing a great job over there, every market was up in terms of NOI being led by Sweden at 16.2%. The laggard was Germany at 0.8%
John Reyes: We opened up three new properties in London in the back half of last year, we've got a couple of more that we're undertaking this year. We're trying to get things started in Berlin. So that's on the development side, nothing at this juncture in terms of acquisitions.
David Doll: No, I think the only reason we're seeing a little more activity is we've got, looking for some of those one off and off marketed properties that can fill in some of our -- as Ron suggested markets where we're trying to build out scale. 
David Doll: So construction costs, across the country there's different markets where we're seeing acceleration of costs mostly due to labor shortage or subcontractor coverage. Markets like the Bay Area, Miami and smaller markets like Phoenix and Denver we're starting to see some pressure on construction costs. Land prices generally I'd say factor of availability and so in those key markets where availability is becoming more and more difficult, then we begin to focus our efforts on redevelopment and most of those markets we've got a great portfolio that can be redeveloped on our existing real estate. So the team has to be nimble in terms of where those opportunities exist and how they could execute it.
David Doll: With respect to delinquencies, we're close to or at record low delinquencies. So the uptick -- it's late fees and admin fees, the late fees haven't changed, it's all in admin fees, we've bumped those a little bit last year. And so on a year-over-year basis they're higher, plus as John noted you got about 1% - 1.5% increase in move ins.
