Clarence Otis: Thanks, Brad. As I said at the outset, we're confident that we'll return to same-restaurant traffic growth and to industry-leading same-restaurant sales growth in fiscal 2014. And again, our confidence is based on the steps we've already taken, the momentum we're seeing, what we're doing to build on that momentum. And again, we know that renewed same-restaurant traffic and sales growth, coupled with solid new restaurant growth going forward, is the key to returning to competitively superior shareholder value creation. So with that, we will turn to your questions. Thank you.
Clarence Otis: Yes, Michael. We do believe that same-restaurant traffic growth is critical. I mean, that ultimately is the best measure of brand health. And I mentioned and we talked about at our Analyst Meeting that we've seen deterioration in same-restaurant traffic in the industry and at our brands, and so we talked about the period from fiscal 2008 -- our fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2012 with industry decline cumulatively of 20% and our brands declining about half that, 10%. And that's an issue we've got to address. And so we need to do what we need to do from a guest experience perspective, both affordability and the things that we're delivering, to really reverse that trend for our brands and get back same-restaurant traffic growth. And to the extent that, that puts pressure on restaurant-level margins, that's pressure we're willing to accept. Now we've got restaurant margins -- restaurant-level margins that are very high at our brands from a competitive perspective, so we've got some room there, especially at Olive Garden, where the restaurant-level margins even with some of the erosion we've experienced recently continue to be the highest in the industry, as high as Capital Grille. And so yes, we're prepared to accept some pressure on margins at that level to really renew same-restaurant guest count growth.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I will let Brad follow up. But the -- we don't get into specifics. But the dollars were down single digit on a percentage decline basis. So we're not talking about dramatic differences. And the operating profit as a percent of sales reflects that. Again, Olive Garden's margins are pretty high. And so we have some room there.
Clarence Otis: And I would say that, that number that Brad just gave you, excluding those big adjustments, also is a year where we're seeing pretty significant beef inflation that we're not pricing for at Longhorn. And so that has put some downward pressure as well.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say -- and then Drew can follow-up. I think Brad dimensionalized one of the things, which is compared to where our expectations were entering the quarter. We had labor at Red Lobster. It was about $8 million higher than we thought, and that had to do with a couple of things that he mentioned. One was a little bit more complexity in the menu for Lobsterfest than we anticipated. And the other factor that Brad mentioned was that we were making some adjustments to the model through the year to reverse out some changes that we've made. And there was reduced productivity as we went through that transition. So those we think of as onetime in this quarter, and so that was part of it. And then on one of the other line items, we talked about the fact that we do have to mark-to-market some employee benefit plans that are basically securities based, fixed income securities and equities. And so that takes down operating margin, but those are hedged on an after-tax basis. And so we do get a benefit at the tax level. So there's some geography there.
Clarence Otis: Depends on which employees. So there's -- some of that -- some of those benefit plans are for restaurant managers and multilevel supervisors, and some of them are for others, and so it winds up in both places.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I'd say 2 things. I mean, one is the one that Brad mentioned, which is given the production issues that cropped up in some of the Asian shrimp farms, food inflation costs, about 50 basis points higher, I think, than we were thinking when we talked to you in February. Now solutions have been developed for that, and so we would expect that the farms will implement those solutions and this is temporary, but the fact of the matter is that we will see that in the first half of the year. And then the second is we talked at the Analyst Meeting about blended same-restaurant sales growth for Olive Garden, Red Lobster and LongHorn Steakhouse of between 1% and 2%. Our current thinking is a broader range. So we're talking about between flat and 2%. And so although we had a very strong fourth quarter from a comp perspective, the industry was really pretty sluggish. And so we think at this point in the year, as we build plans, we need to be conservative because we have seen a cycle over the last several years where we had some encouraging spring followed by some challenge in summer into the fall, and we have to be prepared for that.
Clarence Otis: Yes, our sense is that given our emphasis on affordability, particularly in promotions and core menu, that we're probably getting a little more impact from the guests that are the most financially constrained and may have cut frequency in the past. But increasingly, we're doing more to let our guests know about other important changes we've made to the experiences that they can get. So I mentioned Lighter Fare at Olive Garden. We've advertised that a couple of times. We'll do that again going forward. So I think increasingly, we're going to see more balance in the guest count growth that we get not just from those guests who are really under financial pressure and need affordability.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I would say and we talked about it a little bit at our Analyst Meeting. I mean, we've got to remember that we've got a highly segmented guest space. And so broadly appealing brands, Red Lobster, Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse, they bring in a lot of different kinds of guests. They're in the segment of the guest space that has a fairly significant need for affordability, and so we are responding to that. And that is a heightened need compared to where they've been historically given the financial pressures. Those financial pressures include underemployment, stagnant wages. They include other spending priorities from cell phones to some other things. And so for sure, we're being more aggressive promotionally from an affordability perspective because of those guests. And that's really primarily what the promotions are designed for. We're also responding to the needs of those guests on our core menu, trying to add more affordable items. But then we've got a lot of other guests where affordability really isn't the issue. They certainly want value. And they are looking for fair prices, but they are looking for an even stronger experience on a lot of different levels, from quality of ingredients to sophistication of offerings, and we're responding to those as well. But promotionally, I'd say, yes, we tilted promotionally to really talking mostly to that group of guests that are looking for affordability. And when you compare that to history, that's a switch. Our features, our promotions across the year probably had a little bit more balance between price promotions and non-price promotions, but that reflects sort of the state of the economy and where the consumer is.
Clarence Otis: Yes, we would expect to have a focus over the next year or so on paying down debt. So we've got 2 important leverage measures that we look at. One is adjusted capital, adjusted debt to adjusted capital ratio. And there, we're sort of inside the range that we target. But when we look at our coverage ratio, our EBITDAR coverage ratio, we're at -- we're above the range that we target, and so we're looking to pay down debt and get ourselves back in the range on that particular measure. We would expect to do that reasonably quickly given the cash flows that we've got. And then we have decisions to make about how to allocate the cash that we've got between dividends and share repurchase. We will have a balance between the 2. But compared to where we've been historically, that balance is going to tilt a little bit more toward dividends.
Clarence Otis: I think Brad talked about the fact that we are -- the way we think about it, I guess, is that we are less capital-intensive as our base of restaurants continues to grow and generate incremental cash that comes from the new restaurants and the percentage of new restaurant growth on that base declines, we are less capital-intensive. And so we've talked about the fact that we like the portfolio we have. We don't expect to add brands. And so we would see that percentage growth declining a little bit.
Clarence Otis: Well, we don't want to be too specific about the promotional constructs were going to use. You're correct that in the fourth quarter, those are the 3 promotions that Olive Garden ran. And they all address affordability, and they all helped us regain significantly better same-restaurant traffic. We also learned importantly how we can do those promotions in the future better for our guests, how we can do them better for our in-restaurant operations team, which is important learning we're taking into next year. And to tie back to a question that was asked earlier, those are all wrapping on promotions that were very different last year like Passion for Parmesan that didn't have any price point in it and led to a negative menu mix that was referenced. So we clearly are going to continue to focus on affordability in promotions, but it's not all we're going to focus on given the range of guests that we've got and the diverse needs that they've got.
Clarence Otis: And also, Matt, we talked about traffic being between flat and up 1%. [indiscernible] 1%, which is the top of the range we gave.
Clarence Otis: I'm sorry. I said we talked about the traffic range being between flat and up 1% as opposed to 1%, which is the top of that range. We'd love to get hit the top of that range. But right now, our thinking is between flat and up 1%.
Clarence Otis: Well, Jeff, there is a lot of uncertainty. And so that number is a difficult number to try to get at because we have to make a number of different assumptions, assumptions about as we offer health care to full-time employees how many are going to take, assumptions about premiums, and we still don't know what premium's going to be. That number will come out this summer. And so it's a tough one to make a guess on. But we think that's about the right guess. There are some excise taxes, surcharges that are pretty clear that are included in that number, but the rest of it is really about assumptions about what people are going to do when they're offered more options than they've been offered before. Hard to say. And a lot of it will depend on how they feel about the new institutions and structures that are going to be up this fall and what the reporting is on how well those are proceeding. So difficult to say, but that's our best guess as to what the range of cost might be this year. We'll keep you posted on it.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, and I think as you look at our business model what's capable of going forward, I think 2014 is a good example that when you set aside the incentive and ACA-related costs, we're talking about on a check growth of around 1%, pricing of 1%, that we're able to very modestly grow margins. And so yes, we're some around that 1% or maybe even slightly less that we need in pricing given the improvements that we made over time in our cost model, somewhat aided by the transformational cost initiatives that we talked about that allow us to price at a little bit lower level and maintain the margins that we have today.
C. Bradford Richmond: And I'd say going forward, we've got an opportunity to do it more effectively, to do it smarter. So we implemented some new tactics, promotionally that we hadn't used before, largely starting in the second half of fiscal 2013. And we've got a lot of great learning on how to do that in ways that visibly provide guests the affordability assurance they're looking for but also put us in a better position to do that profitably. So that learning is going to be reflected in how we construct and how we communicate and how we present those offers during fiscal 2014.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. No. The fourth quarter this year is really -- second half of fiscal 2013 really saw us become more aggressive with promotional tactics that we hadn't used in the past. And what you saw in menu mix each month at Olive Garden and Red Lobster was a year-over-year comparison of very different types of promotions and very different types of offers. And that year-over-year comparison is going to abate next year because we'll be wrapping on these constructs. But in addition, we've got a clearer sense now of what compelling affordability looks like to our guests and how we can design that and communicate it in a way that is less dilutive to check and margin. And that's really -- the combination of those 2 things is what I was referring to. And for instance, we started these constructs at Olive Garden with a 2 for $25 in July a year ago, for instance.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. As you mentioned earnings -- the earnings cash flow is going to be roughly the same as this year. We talked -- actually, now we're entering the third year of the supply chain transformation. We're on the front end of that. We had to use some working capital to enable the P&L savings that we've gotten. That has reversed. You see that this year, and it continues into next year. And as we open new restaurants they provide working capital to us because we collect our sales pretty much daily and pay on terms. So those are what enables us to look at our operating cash flows, and that will continue to grow. In terms of the balance there, we've talked about the CapEx for next year being in the range of $600 million, $650 million, which is down pretty significantly from our expectations that we had for fiscal 2014 from where we were a year ago. Those are the adjustments that we've made to be more responsive to the marketplace, as well as to ensure that we maintain a strong financial position. And so you look at operating cash flows, it would be, call it, roughly in the $1 billion range, CapEx somewhere in the $600 million, $650 million and dividends that are $285 million to $290 million range. So that leaves that excess cash that would be applied towards reducing our debt and improving our ratios there.
C. Bradford Richmond: Not a large portion, but we're still growing our capital base. So we focus more on the ratios. So the leverage ratios and coverage ratios. So you do see improvement beyond just the debt reduction that you're talking about.
C. Bradford Richmond: I think another way to dimensionalize that is our CapEx is -- as we look forward, we talked about our growth expectation is near its peak level. Unit growth is in the range we want it to be at. We have -- Red Lobster will be finishing up the remodel there this fiscal year, pretty much essentially getting it done. We will roll into Olive Garden and the remodel there. So CapEx really isn't going to be expanding, but yet the business is growing. Any improvement in same-restaurant sales. We have strong leverage of that. So that would generate additional cash flows as we look beyond the current year.
C. Bradford Richmond: Well the credit rating is very important to us. But when you look at our dividend, the cash flow that it takes to fund that and compare that with the adjustments we made in the CapEx plus the fact that we'll be growing our operating cash flow from this year, we feel comfortable that we can do both.
Andrew H. Madsen: No, we are beginning to see it have a positive impact on how our guests think in terms of their perception of the brand, particularly around value, and how they're beginning to behave, which we're seeing in traffic. And 2 of the best examples would be the way core menu at Red Lobster has helped address the need for affordability, particularly with their 4-course offering. And a big barrier for Olive Garden to broaden appeal is the need that many guests have for lighter, fresher dishes there. And they've introduced Lighter Italian Fare section that didn't exist and now is getting close to 10% preference. So both of those are having meaningful impact. We're going to build on those things, make them better next year and also address, as I mentioned earlier, the need some other guests have that we think are broad and important for us to get after.
Andrew H. Madsen: I think directionally that, that's accurate because of the timing of the promotion constructs that we introduced in particular, which really started more in the second half.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, when you give recognition to the health care transition cost, the Yard House related costs and the incentive accrual that we talked about, our math gets us margins that are flat to up about 20 basis points is what we see. And even included within there is continued investment that's -- a lot of it's hitting the P&L for our technology digital platform that we talked about. So we look at the base model and see that the margins are at least flat or modestly growing as we look to next year in a cost environment, like you said, that's got a little bit more food cost inflation that we originally anticipated.
