Matthew V. Stroud: Thank you, Marcella. Good morning. With me today is Gene Lee, Darden's President and COO; and Brad Richmond, Darden's CFO. We welcome those of you joining us by telephone or the Internet. During the course of this conference call, Darden Restaurants' officers and employees may make forward-looking statements concerning the company's expectations, goals or objectives. Forward-looking statements regarding our expected earnings performance and our ability to execute on our Brand Renaissance plan and all other statements that are not historical facts including, without limitation, statements concerning our future economic performance, plans or objectives, and expectations regarding the sale of Red Lobster, benefits to Darden and shareholders from such sale and related such matters are made under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of on the date on which such statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after such date, except as required as law. We wish to caution investors not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to materially differ from those anticipated in the statements. The most significant of these uncertainties are described in Darden's Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K reports, including all amendments to those reports. These risks and uncertainties include the ability to achieve Darden's strategic plan to enhance shareholder value, including realizing the expected benefits from the sale of Red Lobster; actions of activist investors and the cost and disruption of responding to those actions, including any proxy contest for the election of directors at our annual meeting; food safety and food-borne illness concerns; litigation; unfavorable publicity; risks relating to public policy changes and federal, state and local regulation of our business, including health care reform; labor and insurance costs; technology failures; failure to execute a business continuity plan following a disaster; health concerns, including virus outbreaks; intense competition; failure to drive sales growth; our plan to expand our smaller brands, Bahama Breeze, Seasons 52 and Eddie V's; a lack of suitable new restaurant locations; higher-than-anticipated costs to open, close, relocate or remodel restaurants; a failure to execute innovative marketing tactics and increased advertising and marketing costs; a failure to develop and recruit effective leaders; a failure to address cost pressures; shortages or interruptions in the delivery of food and other products; adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; volatility in the market value of derivatives; economic factors specific to the restaurant industry; and general macroeconomic factors, including unemployment and interest rates; disruptions in the financial markets; risks of doing business with franchisees and vendors in foreign markets; failure to protect our service marks or other intellectual property; impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets; a failure of our internal controls over financial reporting, or changes in accounting standards; an inability or failure to manage the accelerated impact of social media and other factors; and uncertainties discussed from time to time in reports filed by Darden with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A copy of our press release announcing our earnings, the Form 8-K used to furnish the release to the Securities and Exchange Commission and any other financial and statistical information about the period covered in the conference call, including any information required by Regulation G, is available under the heading Investor Relations on our website, www.darden.com. We plan to release fiscal 2015 second quarter earnings and same-restaurant sales for fiscal September, October and November 2015 on Friday, December 19, 2014, before the market opens, with a conference call shortly after. We released first quarter earnings this morning. These results were available on PR Newswire and other wire services. Brad will review the P&L in some detail and discuss our financial outlook for fiscal 2015, then Gene will discuss the operating performance, summary of the brands. And after Gene speaks, we'll take your questions. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Matthew V. Stroud: Thanks, Gene. Before we turn to the Q&A, I would like to briefly discuss Darden's upcoming 2014 Annual Meeting. We've been speaking, and will continue to speak, directly with many of Darden's shareholders to hear firsthand what they think about the future direction and leadership of the company, and about Starboard's efforts to take effective control of the company by replacing all 12 of Darden's directors with Starboard's own preferred nominees and having them influence Starboard's plans. We believe that while many shareholders believe in the importance of having a board and leadership team who have a deep understanding of the company and its strategic shifts over time, they also believe that Darden would benefit from new perspectives. We also believe that many Darden shareholders have concerns about the risks and destabilization that would result from full board turnover and giving control to a single shareholder's nominees. We believe these risks are particularly acute, given the positive momentum we are achieving across our brands, including at Olive Garden, and given the potential adverse effects of giving Starboard control would have on our ability to recruit the best person to serve as the company's next Chief Executive Officer. The Darden board is committed to looking at the company with a fresh perspective and recently announced a new slate that aligns with that priority. Darden's new slate includes 4 new, highly-qualified independent nominees, unaffiliated with the company or Starboard, who bring relevant industry business and CEO experience; 4 highly-qualified, continuing independent director nominees, who provide important and deep understanding of the company's operations and the shifts in the industry and consumer trends over time and who have a record of taking proactive, decisive action to best position Darden for continued improvement and success; and 4 seats to be filled by candidates proposed by Starboard, therefore providing Starboard with a meaningful opportunity to participate in the decisions regarding Darden's strategic direction, including the selection of the company's next Chief Executive Officer. Under this reconstituted board, 8 of Darden's 12 independent directors will be new to the board this year. We believe this is a balanced slate that serves the best interests of all Darden shareholders and is also designed to avoid what we believe are significant risks associated with a full board turnover that Starboard is seeking. We look forward to talking more about Darden's slate of directors, nominees and the board's recommendation for the annual meeting over the coming weeks. The purpose of today's call, however, is to discuss our earnings results. So we ask that you please keep your questions focused on that topic. We thank you for your cooperation in that regard. Now we'll open it up to your questions.
Matthew V. Stroud: We'd like to thank everybody for joining us today on the call. Of course, we are here to take your additional questions as you have them. We thank you for joining us and look forward to speaking with you again in December.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, this -- Jeff, this is Brad. And I'll start with your question there. Yes, you're correct and our focus has principally been on our support structure to the restaurants, which appears on the G&A line. I think over time, if you look at some of the big initiatives, they've been fairly broad based around the whole supply chain, around direct labor optimizations. So we've touched the whole P&L. Those programs continue to move forward. But as you mentioned, we brought in outside expertise to help us look at the entire business. That engagement is ongoing. And so we do see future opportunity there to make progress. But most importantly, to make that progress without affecting the guest experience. It's very critical that we approach that delicately, but with some swiftness and with some certainty of the costs that we can get out of that. And so that work is ongoing. We continue to narrow that down. And as we completed the separation of Red Lobster, I would -- you should expect to see us moving more quickly on that front now.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I mean, there is progression throughout the year as you look at a quarterly basis. Some of that is fairly simple and straightforward. So let me deal with those first. There's the extra week, the 53rd week, that benefit all crews in the fourth quarter, so obviously a meaningful impact there. Our debt paydown, which reduces interest. We look at interest expense now being that low-$20 million range on a quarterly basis. We don't have that impact at all in the first quarter. We just paid that down near the end of the quarter, and then some that gets paid down actually, in our fiscal second quarter. So you'll see interest expense interest went down to the -- pretty significantly there. And then additional use of the proceeds from the share buyback. Because with all that's been going on, that program is just now starting to get in place and so the benefit of a reduced share count will accrue mainly to the back half our fiscal year. So that's the mechanical items, if you will. But I think that the key thing is the progress that we're seeing on our brand work, particularly with Olive Garden. If you look at it on a sequential basis, we continue to make an improvement. And so we do expect that to continue, and that's also a driver of the business. Along with the continued strong performance from LongHorn and our Specialty Restaurant Group. We expect that to continue near the levels it's currently at.
C. Bradford Richmond: And obviously, the other key item I forgot was last year's pretty unusual winter weather. It affected principally our third quarter. And so I think that's kind of the top line color, if you will, on the quarterly progressions and the drivers of that.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I think as we look to the quarter, and Gene touched on it some there, was the commodity cost pressures, the dairy had been pretty extreme. We're at record levels for the dairy. And so that will abate, particularly as we get towards the end of the calendar year. So that will enable restaurant margins to improve it. Principally, it's affecting Olive Garden. But as we look sequentially through the quarters, we see restaurant earnings at levels, on a percentage basis, above the prior year. We would expect that to continue. And so I think the progress that Gene was talking about driving at Olive Garden is real -- the driver behind that beyond the higher commodity costs we have in the first part of the year. I think one thing -- and I'll go back a little bit to Jeff's question as well. The progression during the year is the share buyback from when we talked in June was delayed some, so there is less benefit coming from the share buyback within this fiscal year. The ultimate benefit is, obviously, still the same. But we've been making that up with operating performance as well. And so we like what we're seeing developing in the operating front.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I would just add to Gene's comment there. When you look at the Olive Garden's business model and its particular strengths, as Gene mentioned, we've made a lot of investments already into that business to drive the top line. It takes a while for that to get there, but we're seeing the signs of that, that we like. But we don't see the way to really drive shareholder value by taking tremendous cost from where we are today out of that business. We think where we are today, we can grow the top line, maintaining the percentages where they are growing, and some because of the natural leveraging that comes with that, but really drives total, absolute cash flow, which translates into shareholder value. So the success from where we are and the platform that we have now is largely about driving the top line now, not highly focused on taking food off the plate from the consumers or less labor in the restaurant. We just don't see that as the way to get there. That being said, there are ways that we continue to explore, to be smart about our seafood purchasing, to be smarter around direct labor and optimizing that. But this broadly taking cost out of there is something that we're very hesitant to do. We always look at it, but we're hesitant to act on many of those type of initiatives.
C. Bradford Richmond: Matt, the thing that I would add to Gene's comment and having been there and seen a lot of these from the financial perspective is, you need to maximize each section of the menu, and you have to optimize the total menu because -- particularly in Olive Garden's case, when you have a brand that's $3.6 billion, $3.7 billion and driving AUVs of $4.4 billion, you have to be very broad and appealing. And so you have to have that array to do that. I think Gene said -- as he said, getting the right items for each [ph] section, clearly there's opportunity to continue to work on that. And guest taste, guest preference change and evolve over time, so you need to move with that pace to do that. And so for us, from a financial perspective, it's more about maximizing, getting the total dollars versus trying to scale it down, maybe get better percentages, but you've got a smaller business. And I think that's been the hallmark of Olive Garden for so long, is the absolute breadth of appeal of that brand and the absolute total dollars on a per unit or for the total brand that, that business can drive, provides a lot of earnings power, a lot of cash flow.
C. Bradford Richmond: No, as I mentioned, operating earnings are actually higher than what we thought at the beginning of the year, but we had the delayed impact of the share repurchase. And on a GAAP-reported basis, we actually have more debt breakage cost. Now it's more economically feasible because we could optimize who you wanted to surrender their bonds, so the cash cost was less and we get better going forward interest expense out of it. But no, operating performance, from where we began the year, is better. It's these other items that are providing less lift to our guidance.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I mean, if you're looking on a year-over-year basis, pulling out the Red Lobster piece, it's a key driver ahead of seasonality with a much greater dip in the second quarter, a stronger third quarter. And so if you're looking at previous numbers, that drives part of it. I think when you look at the guidance, we'll have the full impact of the debt reduction while beginning to see the impact of the share buybacks that are there. But it's really more -- continued margin improvements largely than the G&A reductions on a year-over-year basis -- or SG&A reductions on a year-over-year basis. And then as we talked about a little bit earlier, the mitigation on the year-over-year basis of the commodity costs, getting more back to that 2% range versus nearly 4% in the current quarter.
C. Bradford Richmond: Jeff, I would just add, that's why we had that quarterly guidance that's out there, because some of this variability is driven by the changes that Gene has talked about -- in Olive Garden's case, moving Never Ending Pasta Bowl. It's clearly the right decision to do. It did create some variability around the menu mix and traffic, but net-net, we think it's a better place to be. And as we've said, the last 2 weeks of August, we were wrapping on the Never Ending Pasta Bowl last year. We're actually -- provided some upside to our expectations. So some of it what's going on in the industry, but some of this is volatility that we are introducing because it's the right thing to do.
C. Bradford Richmond: I'll just add a little bit. If you look quarter-to-quarter for the industry, there wasn't any macro improvement in the industry. Clearly, there was from July to August, but in all those cases, Olive Garden outperformed the industry on those majors in terms of its improvements from quarter-to-quarter or months during the quarter. So we're pleased. I think there are some promotional activities that are helping enforcing it. But I think more fundamentally, what we see is the progress that Dave George and team are making there, are changing the base trends in the business.
C. Bradford Richmond: Oh, 100 basis points. Yes, let me -- so 100 basis of same-restaurant sales across Garden on an annual basis is still in that $0.11 to $0.14 range. If we look at quarters, remember, second quarter's still seasonally lower than the others, not to the magnitude it used to be on a post-Red Lobster basis though.
C. Bradford Richmond: It would be roughly 55%, 60% of that, because -- just a broad measure. I don't have a specific number handy though.
Eugene I. Lee: And Jeff, I would just add that in the third and fourth quarter, we expect a little less pressure on inflation, as we get past seafood and dairy, which were big impacts in the first quarter and will run in the second quarter a little bit.
Eugene I. Lee: Yes, as far -- so let's start with ops ex [ph] -- execution. It's my belief that we need to go back to basics operationally and ensure that we set the standards -- the standards appropriately and then we work against meeting those standards. As I said in my comments, we've been focusing the last month just on breadsticks and improving our processes around that, including how well do we cook the breadsticks, how long do we hold it, how many do we serve. And now we're moving to pasta this month, and we're just systematically going through and hitting the most important things in the operation and improving our execution. We're working on staffing and scheduling to ensure that we're properly staffed to be able to deliver the experiences that we want to deliver in Olive Garden and we're making some progress there. So to me it's about back to basics. And we just need to do the basic things right every single day, and we need to energize our operations people, energize them and then also enable them to have the time to spend on improving the basics. As far as process, we are analyzing all the options in the back of the house to improve the overall process. We're open to readjusting those processes. We want to ensure that as we look at them, not only do we maintain the quality of the food products that we prepare today, but also the pride factor in the restaurant. And one of the biggest things that I've learned over the years in this business is that, as you change processes in the back, the people that are most impacted by that sometimes are your service people. And we have to really be careful how we work our way through that. But the answer to your question is we are, as we sit here today, looking at all those processes. We are looking at the possibility of outsourcing some of our production work. And it's going to take us some time to make sure that we make the correct decisions. I expect that we'll have some tests going here in the next 3 to 6 months, but that is something that we are definitely open to and we are pursuing and have been pursuing in the last -- since the last 6 months.
Eugene I. Lee: I think -- well, I think it's a combination of both. We do believe having an everyday $9.99 price point will allow us over time, to be less aggressive with our promotional activity and also allow us to migrate away from the price certainty that we've had for the past couple of years with our promotions and more or less starting at price point, which we've utilized the last couple of windows. And so we actually -- we think this $9.99 price point plays a big, big role. Because as a consumer, if you know it's there, you can be brought in by a promotional activity but then you can default back to it, if that's the price that you want to be at. And so when I mentioned the price sensitivity in my comments, we think that, that having that $9.99 price point is enabling us to, in the future, maybe be able to take a little bit more price and hold that $9.99 price point for the consumer that want to trade down into that menu item.
Eugene I. Lee: David, it's Gene. I think we've been making these investments in the last couple of years. I think the $9.99 price point is an investment that we've made as we move forward. I don't think that we have to continue to make investments in our menu. I think the value proposition is as strong as it has been in the last 3 years. I think the upside will continue to come from culinary innovation. But operational execution, I think, as we continue to operate and improve our day-to-day operations and create great value visits, that we can grow the business without making further investments into cost of sales or labor.
Eugene I. Lee: David, I would just add that as operators, we're always trying to figure how to improve our margins. But when I look at the Olive Garden P&L, it's about an absolute EBITDA per restaurant that's exciting. And so we're talking -- we're starting with $4.4 million in average unit volumes, and I think that we got to protect that AUV and grow that AUV, and obviously try to improve margins, but there's a healthy cash flow per -- absolute cash flow per restaurant today.
Eugene I. Lee: No, I think what you're talking about is something that Dave George and Val Insignares and I talk about every single day is, how do we continue to simplify our menu offerings and maintain our high variety ratings. And we do not -- we want to continue to simplify. We don't want to add complexity to the menu. As we rolled out the menu in Olive Garden 6 months ago, we knew we had -- we got too broad. But it's tough to take -- in casual dining, it's tough to take items off the menu. Everybody has their favorite menu item, and so we have to be very strategic as we do that. And one of Dave's projects right now in Olive Garden is saying, "How do I decrease this menu by 20%? How do I maximize my SKUs? How do I ensure that when I'm in a category, I don't have too many menu items doing the exact same thing?" So how do I ensure I don't have too many pasta, cheese and red sauce, and so on and so forth? So you are right on there. That's something that we'll continue to work on, but we also know that when you start pulling back the number of menu items, especially when you get away from entrées, it is has a direct correlation to sales. And when you have -- there's -- when you have 8 appetizers on a menu versus 6, you sell more appetizers with 8, even when those appetizers are still in the similar gap. And so there's a real balance here that we have to watch, but the ultimate objective is as you described. We need to continue to simplify our menus, simplify our processes in how we prepare the food, and then how we deliver it. And it is something that we talk about here every single day.
Eugene I. Lee: Then Matt, I would just -- I would finish this comment with, when we look at LongHorn against its major competitor, even though we may have more menu items today, our variety scores are lower. And so strategically, we, in LongHorn, continue to try to increase our variety scores to make ourselves available for more occasions.
Eugene I. Lee: No, the marketing spend will not be down significantly in Q2. I got some people checking numbers here, but I believe we're pretty flat year-over-year in OG.
Eugene I. Lee: Yes, the product pipeline is robust right now. We actually have a lot of products sitting on the shelf that we can pull out. We went back in July to Alfredo because it's the item that guests like the most. Well, we went 3-course against 2-for-$25, which wasn't as strong. And so there's was a promotional mismatch in July. We also moved some media around, and on top of what was a really tough 3 weeks for the industry, we did not -- the end of -- the last week in June and the first 2 weeks in July, we did not perform well. But I don't believe that had a whole lot do with the strength on that 3-course. The 3-course performed fairly well compared against our 3-course in the past, and we used -- and using Alfredo really, really helped us. It hurt us from a profitability standpoint because of the dairy spike. If we had known that dairy was going to be the levels it was at, we wouldn't have done it at that time. But very, very popular promotion, high preference, high guest satisfaction. But I do feel as though our pipeline is in really good shape and that the promotional -- our promotional activity I think has been pretty effective.
Eugene I. Lee: I think the key is to get the promotions that we've historically run, which are still very popular, like Never Ending Pasta Bowl, back into periods where they make sense. So the Never Ending Pasta Bowl makes sense in September. Our volumes are a little bit lower than our average. There's capacity for us to handle the extra volume that the promotion drives. It didn't make sense to be doing it at the last 2 weeks of August, when our restaurants are fairly -- are really busy. And that really worked out well for us this year, both from a sales and profitability standpoint. So once we get the calendar back to where we want to -- and we believe by this time next year, we'll have the calendar aligned and matched up year-to-year, and we won't be moving it back and forth. And we won't be -- yes.
Eugene I. Lee: Yes, I'll take the first -- the second question first and say, absolutely. We were promoting it, so that definitely has increased the activity with To-Go. And as I said in the comments, we're now over 20%, but we don't feel like the activity is overdone. We think we're just introducing people to something that they want. The consumer feedback is fabulous on the To-Go. People are thrilled with the process. So again, I think the question is -- the answer to your question is, yes. We promoted it in that -- but we've gone from 10% growth to over 20% growth with that, and I believe this is going to stick. I believe To-Go is going to stick and it's going to continue to grow. As far as volatility goes, a lot of the volatility really comes down to TRPs [ph] per week. And we know that when we back off our TRPs [ph] in Olive Garden, which we did the 2 weeks that were really negative in the month of July, especially around the Fourth of July week, we saw the sales decline. We know pretty much when we increase TRPs [ph], what we're going to get, and when we decrease TRPs [ph], what we're going to get. And so that was where the volatility really came from. It was also the industry, the week of the Fourth of July, was down mid-single digits. And we were down a little bit worse than that, but the industry dropped significantly, while we were backing off TRPs [ph] and switching promotions. And so I'm really not that concerned about it. When I looked at the quarter, I believe that we had a lot more better weeks than we had bad weeks.
