Gene Lee: John, you guys giving me a warm up question this morning before you went there. Let me address it. I think the consumer environment today continues to be strong, confidence remains strong wages are growing across all different parts of the population. I think if we look back last year at this time, we were trying to quantify that the tax reductions were actually working their way into the business. And I’m not sure that we were able to really say that. So I’m not really worried about year-over-year changes based on was there little bit more tax money with the consumer where they feel is strong. I think the consumer today is really strong, and I really like the position that we are in. And I think we're seeing it in all of dining. When you look back at our last quarter with Darden, the industry grew approximately 3% total growth and that’s a really good number. I'm excited about that. I think we're going to continue to be able to grow share in that environment. So I think the consumer is really strong at this point.
Gene Lee: Well, I think there is three things that are happening. There is no doubt that large brands are taking share that are little bit more competitive. They have increased the advertising. I think the value propositions in the large brands have improved, number one. Number two, I think that we're taking a long-term approach in each of those brands to ensure that we're really making sure that our advertising is right we pull back on some incentives. And I think the third part of it is, especially with Yard House and Breeze, Yard House really suffered from the cold and wet on the West Coast. We lost a lot of capacity -- our outside dining an important part there. And we have the same issue in Florida. Florida was not as cold, but it was very wet during the quarter, and we lose a lot of capacity with Breeze and Yard House in Florida. So, I think there is some issues there. And as far as seasons goes, we've been readjusting that menu and bringing down the overall check average, which has been great. And the teams done wonderful job there. We've been able to improve the profitability seasons dramatically in the last year. So I’m really pleased with where they're at. I think our other smaller brands are really healthy, making great long-term decisions and had some impact with things out of their control.
Gene Lee: I think it's going to be a combination of both. I will reminder everybody of our strategy is to try to use our scale to really under-price the competition long-term and being able to come up with some productivity enhancements to help offset some inflation, so that’s really part of the strategy. Depending on what others do then we will react to that and hopefully it will be an opportunity for us to be able to maybe pass on a little bit more pricing than we have in the past, but maintain our strategy of under-pricing the competition but also uses an opportunity to gain some share.
Gene Lee: I think that what we're really looking for is we need to make really good decisions who we decide to be our managing partners of our restaurants, because they have such an impact on the overall stability at the teams. So as we continue to learn the people, learn their capabilities, our teams will start making better decisions on who they decide to leave the unit. And that is when I think about this business that is the most important decision we make, and has the biggest impact on our overall success is who we decide has to run our individual restaurants. And as our management team is developing some more tenure with JW being in now for little bit over six months, Paul's been there a year, they are learning the people and they've made some better decisions. And I think that will be the key to really, really stabilizing the team members and getting that -- getting the retention levels closer to Darden norms, which is what I’m looking for.
Gene Lee: Will, I was only able to catch the last part of that question on mix, so I’m going to address that. And I'll give you back the microphone, and maybe you can check your headpiece or whatever you speaking into, because you really muffled. But on the mix, a couple of things really driving that up. The promotional menus have been very strong and we’re seeing this consumer that I described in the opening that's really strong is really been upgrading in the promotional constructs that we've offered. So that's been a significant part of the overall mix. Now there are a lot of little things contributing to the mix also, such as there is fairly significant win and when you add them up, you’re getting that 2.5% or approximately 2.5%. You’re getting benefit from less incentives, you're getting benefit from catering and delivery, you're getting benefit from the $5 beverage platform that we're running. And so we've got a lot of things going on that are all seem to work. We made a couple changes to what we call food and wine menu and what we picture that contributed. So overall, and as I mentioned, the chicken alfredo with the increased portion size of the chicken is doing extremely well to, so great promo offerings and a bunch of other little things really contributing to the mix.
Gene Lee: I think they all continue to grow especially we’re starting to get into our second full year of early dinner duos, which we knew when we introduced that platform that that was going to take time, because we didn’t really gotten heavily advertised that. We knew it's going to take time to build. We keep refreshing the lunch dual portion of the lunch menu to try to create excitement there that gives us price certainty at launch. And Cucina Mia is getting close to 10% of sales, which is we think about its four years old and have that kind of preferences is really strong. So, we’re pleased with our value offerings but we’re also pleased with how the consumer is buying up into some other areas of the menu. So in balance, we're very happy with how the Olive Garden menu is working.
Gene Lee: I think we've led out this long-term framework, and I want to pivot back to that. We really think that 2% to 3% new restaurant growth is the right level of growth for Darden. I think that I always talked about the importance of human resource element of growth, and we believe that that is the right level for us. We also want to be disciplined in our approach to choosing real estate. We think that that’s an important part of growth. So, I really believe that we want to stay in that 2% to 3% new restaurant growth as we've gotten our long-range framework. And we’re trying to make great long-term decisions and have great real estate discipline. And so that's where we're at and that’s why I think we’re -- we talk about '20, I think that's what you will see us be.
Gene Lee: I'd say that’s eventually we’re going to lap what the reduction. I think we got the fourth quarter and then we've got -- probably we pulled back a little bit last year in the first quarter. But let me just pull back and just say the incentives are just piece of our overall advertising and marketing strategy, and we will continue to try to optimize how we spend our advertising dollars and how we interact with our consumers. And so depending on the environment and the competitive situation, we will make adjustments as needed to try to continue to grow our share and increase same restaurant sales. But this is just one piece of our marketing and advertising strategy.
Gene Lee: I’m not going to commit to that, it depends on the environment and depends on other things that we're doing. So obviously, the wrap in the first quarter is less than the rest of the year. So there is more upside that could be there in the first quarter.
Gene Lee: Jeff, there are a few things that impacted this quarter we talked about in remarks. One was little bit of favorability in mark to market year-over-year and the other one was that new restaurant and brand mix that we had, which depending on the restaurant openings next year may not be an impact. But further we had 60 basis points of -- 70 basis points of check mix and productivity enhancements. Some of that was productivity but some of that was just significant mix we've been getting for the last couple of quarters that we wouldn’t anticipate staying in our P&L for a very long time. We do anticipate our inflation to stay about where it is, and we will continue to find productivity enhancements to help offset. But this quarter was probably a little bit stronger in labor versus last year than we would anticipate in the future.
Gene Lee: Unless consumers continue to buy like they are buying, we would expect a little bit lower in favorability from mix.
Gene Lee: I think what's important is our current portfolio can deliver the long-term framework for the foreseeable future. And I don’t want to -- without repeating what you just said. I mean we’re really focused on regaining momentum in CSK but the management and the board's current obligation to our shareholders to continue to evaluate, the situation in our current portfolio and look for opportunities to add over time. But I think it's important to reinforce that we do not need to do an acquisition for the foreseeable future to be able to achieve our long-term framework.
Gene Lee: I think there was one brand that we took a lot of talent out of, which was Bahama Breeze. But we've installed some new talent at getting up to speed. And I feel really good about the work that we're doing. And we've got exciting brands in that other segment that are really making good long-term decisions by pulling back on some incentives. I mean the beautiful thing of the portfolio is that we don't have to make shorter term decisions to drive a comp number for a brand that is inside our portfolio. And I'm just happy with where those brands are positioned. I think it's well documented by a couple other West Coast companies that were impacted by the February weather in Southern California and losing that capacity, which is so important to us out there and we had the same problem in Florida, it was extremely wet here. And when you lose 40% of your capacity, you just can't make that up. So, I feel good about these businesses. I have good management teams, they are making good decisions. And I think they're going to compete very effectively in the future.
Gene Lee: Yeah. It definitely impacted mix, it did -- it added it -- it impacted the mix on increased preference, but also the ad -- the buy up. There is a few opportunities to add protein to the dish that we've actually seen consumer preference there, much higher than we thought we would see.
Gene Lee: I think that we've made a few process improvements in Cheddar's, but the focus has been implementing our productivity tools and figuring out how to improve the HR metrics. The management team has identified a few more significant process improvements that will be implemented through out fiscal '20, once we really lock into solidifying our progress on the other initiatives on staff to win and really figure how to maximize our productivity tools. We don't want to overwhelm this group, and there is -- so there is opportunity, and you'll see more process Improvement implemented throughout fiscal '20.
Gene Lee: Well, I think that we've said, as we need to stabilize human resource metrics of this business that should lead to stay, improve sales and profit results. And then from there we'll be able to continue to grow this business. I think that we're going to, we'll continue to look at it, I don't want to put a number out there as a target. We have said that, we don't like to grow brands at greater than 10% unit growth. We think that puts tremendous stress on the human resources. So we'll evaluate Cheddar's growth each and every year. I would end this comment by saying we think Cheddar's is still a huge opportunity in the marketplace and we're more excited today than we were -- when we first bought this chain, the more we understand the consumer and the resiliency of the consumer, we get excited about the opportunity to growth this. But we're going to grow responsibly over time and we're excited about it.
Gene Lee: Well, I think as we've said in the past calls, we've made some moves to try to mitigate the mix, but the consumer continues to utilize the full menu in Olive Garden and surprisingly in some ways -- bought up into the promotions and it's really been a confluence of a lot of small individual things coming together, that has drove the mix. Ideally, we don't want to have that kind of mix. We don't think that's sustainable for a long period of time, but in this environment right now, it's not one thing that we can point to this, driving the mix, it's a multiple of small areas that coming together are giving us this outsized mix growth.
Gene Lee: Well, I give all the credit to Olive Garden off-premise growth to execute the value in the offering and then the store level execution. Our consumers know they can count on Olive Garden to be on time and to be accurate. When you put that on top of an, of some value proposition to the consumer with its especially around its pans of lasagna, pans of fettuccine alfredo, a bulk solid, a bulk soup offering is compelling, and our execution is really high and that, what that tells me is the consumer is really engaged in that experience. We're doing a normal level of communication to our guests to remind them of the experience but there -- but their repeat business there is extremely strong. And it's -- it to me -- it's one of the best values out there in the marketplace and executed at an extremely high level.
Gene Lee: I think there is some logic around your statement. This business is -- continues to perform well, we have a few areas inside the organization and are still struggling primarily around, what we call the CMP restaurants, which was basic all in State of Georgia. We continue to have that way on the organization, but there's a lot of progress in the rest of the organization and a lot of momentum. I really don't want to call this an inflection point or predict exactly when the business may go, may stabilize and get back to flat but I will say that I am very excited about where the management team is, I'm excited about what they're focusing on, I'm excited about what they have accomplished. They just presented to the Board of Directors yesterday and really detail -- in a detailed fashion went through everything that's been they've accomplished in the last six months and it's getting to be exciting. And, but I'm not going to sit here and predict at this or say this was the inflection point to predict that, we're going to be positive.
Gene Lee: Karen, I think it's a combination of both. I do think that consumer demand for convenience is continues to grow, and I think that we're meeting that need. And I do think that, again, the value proposition and what we do in Olive Garden is spectacular and the execution and the thought that went into this over the last four years, has helped them continue to gain market share, but there is definitely a significant growth happening in this part of the business.
Gene Lee: Yeah. I mean, I think right now we're probably a little bit more optimistic than we were a while ago, because we've been able to sustain that. And there's so much energy and effort being put on the whole industry into that space. I think we're benefiting from that too, right. So everybody is talking about it and pushing that part of their business. But yet, when you come back to, we've got the best value proposition. So we're benefiting, we're benefiting by everybody talking about it and trying to promote that part of their business.
Gene Lee: Jeremy, I wouldn't put much of our increase in off-premise growth, increase in mix, off-premise growth for labor. As we continue to grow off-premise we continue to need to add people in Olive Garden to help offset the growth in off-premise. So, I would say that as we continue to grow, if we're at 10% to 15% growth in off-premise sales that's going to provide us the opportunity to add more people to make sure that we actually get the food on time and accurately to the consumer as they walk in the door.
Gene Lee: Not really impacting our table turns. I mean we've been really focused on improving throughput in our restaurants. So even though we're adding mix in Olive Garden may, remember most of that mix at Olive Garden is coming from entrees, not necessarily on the add-on sales side. So it's not extending the meal period, and at LongHorn, their mix has been coming from add-on sales, but they've always had a pretty good add-on sales business, our focus is to continue to drive better throughput in our restaurants and we're not seeing the impact of mix, lengthening that time in the restaurant.
Gene Lee: Well a couple of things, Andy. First of all, we talked about overall labor inflation of 3.5% to 4.5% in general. We're seeing hourly wage inflation higher than that, so above 4%, somewhere between around 4.5%. So, others are talking about inflation, but they're probably focusing more on the hourly inflation and we're seeing that. That said, we are being more productive with our team, because our turnover is so much lower. We don't, the money that we spend in training is actually spent to train our people to be even better, not necessarily, train them how to do their job, because of our turnover rates. The other thing, we continue to focus on productivity enhancements. We still have a lot more room to go in some of our other brands. Olive Garden still has room to go in improving productivity and improving their menu, in taking out steps and we've got some more to go in Cheddar's. We believe that as we continue to simplify our operations, we should be able to find productivity enhancements. Now, they may not be as high as we've seen more recently, but we still believe we have productivity enhancements. And then finally, I'll still mention the throughput. Olive Garden has some high volumes. Cheddar's has some high volumes. We still believe that there is room to improve throughput even in those brands. So, we would anticipate continuing to find those enhancements and to continue to help leverage or help offset some wage inflation.
Gene Lee: First of all, we do have a test in place right now. It's in less than 10% of our restaurants and it's been in place for well over a year. We've talked a lot about, what we would expect to see out of loyalty programs and what we'd want to see from them. It is a cross-brand program today, but we have been very clear that we want to make sure that a loyalty program drives profitable same restaurant sales growth. We see it, driving same restaurant sales growth, but we want to make sure that the discounts or whatever we provide or whatever incentive we provide our consumer to join that program is helpful. We do believe that there are some benefits in the data that we get, but we have more data in other sources. So we're still researching it, we're still testing it and if once we believe that it's the right thing to do. We will roll it out, if we ever believe it's the right thing to do.
Gene Lee: Yes, I mean the system, the way we build our systems if it works in one restaurant or it work in any brand we have, and right now they have -- they are in place. What we don't have are things like an app for loyalty, which we're not even using that today. So if we ever go full blown with loyalty, we'll just have to update our apps and move forward from there.
Rick Cardenas: We don’t foresee anything that’s significantly different than what we've seen this year. We’re not giving guidance for next year. But we feel comfortable that we will be able to be in our margin expansion framework for the foreseeable future, unless things drastically change.
Rick Cardenas: I think I pivot to our operational teams. I think that we did a great job on improving our throughput in our restaurants. It's a very busy time a year for us. I think our folks really prepared for what we call the busiest days of the quarter. They maximized their opportunity during that. I think that we had good marketing programs. But I think our continued efforts to simplify operations is probably the biggest driver of our ability execute at a higher level. And I think our teams did a fantastic job. They are really focused on really getting back to executing some basics of restaurant operations that are paying dividends. And I think that's where we're getting the improvement. When you look at Olive Garden is doing an outstanding job of off-premise, creating experience where the guest wants to come and pick it up. And so I think that that's really where I’m giving the credit to the momentum in the quarter was our operational execution.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Stephen. You know as Gene mentioned, we are focusing on making sure that we have the teams in place, the management teams in place before we start driving a lot of incremental sales, sales initiatives. That said, we have not turned on online ordering for Cheddar's. We have not turned on mobile ordering for Cheddar's, that's still a potential for us. And we will turn those kind of things on and those big sales building initiatives on when we feel it's the right time. We've got the team in place, they are trained and they're ready to execute flawlessly. We don't like to do anything until we are ready to execute perfectly. And we've got a little bit of ways to go before we get there.
Rick Cardenas: Well, we haven't done any testing on some of these new sales building initiatives. We're still focused on simplifying the operation, improving the menu. We just added a new another new menu at Cheddar's to making sure that we're fully staffed. That said, we've got a lot of learnings in our other brands on how to do this stuff, right. So if you think about Cheddar's, the Cheddar's guest is very -- is similar to the Olive Garden guest. We can, we've learned a lot from Olive Garden, how they do off-premise, how they do other sales building initiatives and to be able to move those things over to Cheddar's and have some really good learning from our other brands.
Rick Cardenas: Well, a couple of things I mentioned. One, we are showing as we mentioned, better cost management. I mean if you think about Cheddar's for example, those productivity enhancement tools that Gene talked about labor productivity, food waste. We're seeing those results and on their P&L and that's helping their margins. We've got a lot of improvement in margin at Yard House. So even though we've had a negative same restaurant sales in those brands, I'll give you an example for Cheddar's, Cheddar's has had negative guest count, but their productivity is getting better. And you don't normally see that when guest counts are down productivity improve. But we're seeing that right now at Cheddar's. So we don't, we would love to see all of our brands positive in same restaurant sales, but we react when we -- when we have to, if same restaurant sales are negative to find even more costs enhancements and find margin improvements if we can. That said, when all of those brands are positive, we would anticipate margin enhancements in those, in the other segment.
Rick Cardenas: I'm not going to get into the individual brands, but I would just say, our management turnover is actually lower today than it was 12 months ago. And I mean, to me, I think that's the key, we focus on, management turnover, we were really focused on this GMP (ph) turnover and that's less than, that's less than 10% in our system.
Rick Cardenas: I think your question is LongHorn segment margin in the third quarter was kind of moderate, even with comps expanding. Let me, give you a little unpacking there, we don't necessarily get into detail, but as we mentioned inflation ticked up in the third quarter, which we expected that to happen. A lot of that was in beef and a lot of that impacted LongHorn. So their cost of sales as a percentage was unfavorable more than the entire Company's was unfavorable so the company, I believe was I said it was 10 basis points. LongHorn was worse than that, on the labor side, their labor was not as favorable as the Company. So, those two things offset, and so -- they just had slight margin expansion, but they've also made significant investments in food. We've been talking about over the last couple of years. They made significant investments in their food and this menu mix issue was in the right way -- menu mix impact that we're seeing at LongHorn, they're selling a lot more of their higher end steaks which have a higher cost of sales. So if you think about a bone steak, it's a higher cost of sales or percentage as a sirloin, and they're moving toward those, because they've made significant investments in those.
