Eugene I. Lee Jr.: [Technical Difficulty] …keep going -- cultivate our results-oriented people culture to enable growth. We remain confident that we have the right strategies in place, both in the operating businesses and at the Darden level. And we continue to significantly increase market share as we execute against them. Olive Garden's positive momentum continued during the quarter. Same-restaurant sales grew 2%, outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 410 basis points. This was our eighth consecutive quarter of same-restaurant sales growth at Olive Garden. The primary drivers of this performance include; one, our ongoing focus on flawless execution inside the restaurants. Our teams are working hard to get better every day which is reflected by the fact that our overall guest satisfaction scores rose to an all-time high during the quarter. Two, the strong performance of OG ToGo. ToGo sales grew 20% compared to the same period last year and more than 50% on a three-year basis. And, three, culinary innovation. During the quarter we introduced dishes that build on brand equities and flavor profiles that our loyal guests enjoy most, including pepperoni fettuccini and Italian pot pies. Additionally, we continue to interact with our guests in a variety of ways. During the summer we surprised and delighted many guests by setting up our never-ending family table in multiple states across the country. It debuted at the High Line in New York City where we served 6,000 guests in four hours. This type of non-traditional marketing is popular with Millennials and leverages Olive Garden's strong emotional connection. The Olive Garden business is strong, and we remain laser focused on delivering exceptional experience for our guests. LongHorn Steakhouse maintained its top line momentum and delivered significant profit growth during the quarter. Same-restaurant sales grew 0.6%, the 14th consecutive quarter of growth outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 270 basis points. We continue to focus on strengthening our in-restaurant execution to improve the guest experience. One way we are doing this is through operation simplification, which enables our team members to better focus on delivering a quality experience for our guests. Another way we're strengthening in-restaurant execution is through enhanced training for all culinary team members because we know perfectly grilled steaks are critical to a great steakhouse experience. This came to light during the quarter through our Steak Masters Challenge, a highly engaging training program and two month competition that began with 6,000 culinary team members and ended with the grill master Alex Alvarado being crowned as Steak Master champion.  The team at LongHorn is focused on the right priorities and our research shows that we're making meaningful progress on multiple fronts. Turning to our specialty restaurants; all five of our businesses continue to perform well and increase share, and each one is well positioned for growth as we build out our pipeline. The Bahama Breeze team delivered another strong quarter. Same-restaurant sales were up 3.9% as guests continued to respond positively to the enhancements we're making to create an immersive experience that feels like a tropical getaway. Seasons 52 performed well with same-restaurant sales up 0.7%. We continue to be a leader in culinary innovation and the restaurant of choice for guests who are conscientious about what they eat but are not willing to compromise taste. Same-restaurant sales were flat at Yard House. I really like what the team is working on as Mike Kneidinger gets further immersed in the business. Finally, The Capital Grille and Eddie V's same-restaurant sales were down 1.2% and 1.7%, respectively, wrapping on 7.2% and 5.1% same-restaurant sales growth last year. Not only did we anticipate this was going to be a difficult wrap for both brands, Texas continues to be a tough market for our fine dining brands. However, if you normalize for Memorial Day, which was observed in Q1 of this year but Q4 of fiscal 2015, the Capital Grille would have been positive. Now I'll turn it over to Rick to discuss our results in more detail.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Thanks, Rick. I was informed that I had a problem with my microphone as I opened. So I'm going to summarize my opening comments before I close. Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance and the progress we made against our strategic initiatives in the quarter. Total sales from continuing operations were $1.7 billion, an increase of 1.6%. Same-restaurant sales grew 1.3%, outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden, by 340 basis points. And earnings per share were $0.88, an increase of 29.4% from last year's adjusted diluted net earnings. So overall, Q1 was a good quarter for us. Our strategy's working. We continue to grow share, improve margins and make meaningful investments in our business, while returning capital to shareholders. It was also an important time of year for us as we held our annual leadership conferences for each business. These conferences allow us to get in front of every General Manager and Managing Partner across our 1,539 restaurants to align on our plans for the year and generate a lot of excitement. For me personally, aside from being in our restaurants day-to-day, it's one of the things I enjoy most about my job. It's a great chance to engage with our leaders and listen to those closest to the action. It also confirmed for me that our result-oriented people culture is truly what sets us apart. Our restaurant teams and our restaurant support center staff are the best in the business. And I take great pride in the fact that our team member turnover continues to be flat year-over-year, which reflects our compelling employment proposition.  So I'll close by saying thank you to our team members who are at the heart of everything we do. And now we'll open it up for questions.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Good morning, Chris. I think we expect to price less in the back half of the year than we did in the front half of the year, as we had some pricing from the third and fourth quarter last year that's still on the menu that we haven't lapped yet.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Yes, I think that's true. I think that we're also having some more success with our add-on sales and other things that we're doing. But when you look at the Olive Garden number, you've got about between 50 to 60 basis points in there of mix that's really guest count, so it should be associated with guest counts.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Yes, with anything that's -- anything that's large container. So when we sell a pan of lasagna, we're not giving [ph] ourselves any guests.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Well I think I'd start, let me start pretty broad, Brett, and then I'll get down into our brands. I think the consumer environment, it continues to be difficult. I think there's a lot of choices the consumer has with their discretionary income. And I think restaurants are competing against a lot of those other choices, not just restaurants. I think restaurants today have to stay -- they have to stay relevant, and they need to continue to invest in the experience. And I believe that this quarter of outperformance has less to do with what we did this quarter but more to do with what we've done over the last two years to improve the overall experience in Olive Garden.  We've been on this plan now for almost three years since Dave George has been involved, and everything cumulatively is adding up to our competitive advantage that we have in Olive Garden, which is value. And I think our advertising's relevant. I think, most importantly, we're running better restaurants today than we were in the past. And as you all know, this is a momentum business and I think this business has that momentum right now. When I look at what you call weaknesses in the other business -- I'm not sure I want to use that word -- I think our businesses performed well. We had big gaps in the marketplace. And I think LongHorn had a really good quarter. When we look at LongHorn, we're giving you segment earnings now, we need to look at that number, the overall performance of that business is up. We needed that business to contribute more from an earnings standpoint. We're getting that. And I'm pleased with that. When I look at -- let me give you a little bit of color, just based on geographic. Texas it still, it continues to be an area where we struggle. I would say Olive Garden continues to hold its own in Texas but the momentum has slidden there, too.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Yes, let me address that because this is a strategy that we're implementing. We're executing this holistic marketing strategy and looking at all the tools we have available to us. As part of that, we've increased our digital spending in conjunction with our promotional strategy, which is really less broad scale discounting, and while using more targeted incentives to create value. And you can see the results of that as you look at our check average over time. We're not giving up check average as we shift incentives from free-standing inserts to digital. Digital's a much more cost effective way to reach your consumer. As you take the value away from these price points and promotions, which were deep in LongHorn over the years, and you shift it to more of a targeted digital incentive, we think that's a much better way to go after this, and I think we can see it in our financial performance. I would also just say the landscape on advertising and marketing is changing dramatically and we are constantly trying to find new ways and using our data scientists to analyze what is going on and what is the most cost-effective way to deliver the appropriate value to the right guests at the right time. We will continue to evolve this over the next probably 24 to 36 months as the environment continues to change.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: That's a pretty tough question, David, in all honesty. We think that we're doing the right things. We're starting with focusing on the basics of the operation. I'm really impressed with Dan Kiernan, our head of operations and what he's done with that team to keep them motivated on trying to improve. Our guest feedback is at its highest levels ever. We think our promotional strategy moving forward is sound. But do I feel confident that we're going to continue to outperform at the levels we've outperformed? I'm not sure. We're going to do the best we can but I can't predict that. I think we've got a good plan. I think we've done our work over the last few years and we'll continue to do our work. So, I think we're well positioned, but those are big hurdles to get over.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: I think there's a lot in that question, David. I would say that, as we think about the industry, we are preparing -- we prepare our plans, we assume the industry's going to stay where the industry's going to stay. We're not assuming that the industry's going to get a whole lot better. I would say that my message to our team's let's focus on what we can control, running great restaurants and delivering great food service and atmosphere. I think there's some real uncertainty in the near term here but that's going to pass from a consumer standpoint. We're focused on the long term. When you think about what's it going to take to move the whole industry, I don't know, I still look at there's a lot of great brands out there doing great things, growing sales and growing new restaurants and same-restaurant sales. I think they're well positioned. They've got good value equations. I'm hoping that some more inventory will come out of the system. We've seen some big announcements of closures lately. And I also think there's other -- as you drive down the road, you're starting to see more restaurants close. You're also seeing more restaurants open. But we could use some inventory to come out. That would be helpful.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Yes, I think we're thrilled with the performance of LongHorn. Profitability has come back to historic norms. We've had 14 consecutive quarters of same-restaurant sales growth, significant outperformance over that time period, over the industry. So we've taken a lot of share. So we feel good about where we're at, at this point in time. We'll continue to make investments. Yesterday, we made some huge investments into our business in LongHorn. We actually went back and increased the size of a couple of our steak [ph] that we felt we needed to and make that investment to get the quality where we need it to be. We improved our house salad yesterday. So, we're making investments in that business.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Okay. We still expect commodities to inflate in the back half of the year, more towards the fourth quarter. But we do expect commodities to be flat to low single digits unfavorable for the year. And, as I said, this quarter we had 150 basis points of commodity deflation. So, you would see that we'd have some inflation in the back half of the year. What does that mean to pricing? We still believe that we have the pricing strategy that's correct for us. Overall inflation for us, when you include labor and other things, is still going to be 1.5% to 2%. So, even though commodities are down in the beginning of the year and they're inflating in the back half, overall for the year we expect total inflation of 1.5% to 2%. As that relates to pricing, as we said, we expect to be in the low end of our 1% to 2% pricing this year. Olive Garden has taken their pricing action for the year already. And LongHorn just did this week -- earlier this month, I'm sorry. And so we don't expect to do much more with pricing for the rest of the year unless something dramatically changes.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Yes, it's a good question. I think that your 3% assumption for wage rate in the back half of the year is probably the right assumption. The market continues to tighten. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're holding turnover flat year over year. We've got a strong employment proposition. Our people like what we do. We're a place people want to work. And so we'll continue to monitor the environment. We've changed some of our processes and procedures around hiring to help enable our restaurant managers to do a better job. And most importantly, we'll continue to look for ways to improve productivity at the restaurant level. I've said it for two years now, simplicity is a key to success in this business. We've made these businesses too complicated and we can get productivity enhancements as we simplify.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: As I've said in the past, the management team and the Board will regularly evaluate all the alternatives open to us to achieve our financial goals and we will continue to do that. I'm not going to make any further comment than that.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: A lot there. Let me deal with the first one and hopefully I'll remember the second one. We believe that it's important to move as many people as we possibly can over to online ordering. We've talked about the importance of that because the average check is much higher when someone orders online and we can prompt them through that order. But secondarily, from an operations standpoint it's really important, if we can move people off the phone taking orders to serving guests in the restaurant, that's really helpful. And when you think about, we have a ToGo specialist, one, two or three, and they're on the phone taking an order and there's a guest in front of them, the priority becomes the guest in front of them, not the person on the phone. So we feel like the service experience is a lot better as we move people to online. And we will continue to incentivize people to get in that habit. And we believe that the 20% discount, to do that is well worth it until we can change the behavior. The second question was individual order delivery. Yes, we will continue -- we are monitoring what is going on in that space. We are intimately involved with the big players that are in that space. They need us, we need them. We're going to proceed with caution. However, individual delivery orders are coming in the future somehow, some way. We just don't know who's going to be our partner, what the economics are going to be at this time.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: I'm not going to get into a whole lot of detail, again, for competitive reasons. But they are using it for all different occasions. They're using it as a whole meal replacement. They're using it -- catering's a big word, but you've got a minimum of $125, I believe, on the Olive Garden take-out. Some families that's a family meal, if it's a large family. So it's being used for all sorts of occasions. I would tell you that the satisfaction rate is incredibly high for anybody that uses these services. Obviously we're trying to monitor every single event and trying to get feedback from the consumer. But right now the consumer feedback is extremely high and they're very satisfied.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: I think you hit on one of the most important ones, which is that the food travels really well. But I also think it's important to note that Olive Garden is under-indexed on Italian take-out for a long time. We think it was a huge opportunity for us to really promote and make people aware of what's available. And I think we're still, we're scratching the surface on how we market this and I think the opportunity is large. When you think about, even when we look at our other businesses and what the take-out opportunities are, they're not as great. Olive Garden, because of the food, you can you do a pan of lasagna, you can do a pan of fettuccini Alfredo. The cuisine lends itself to a take-out type of event. I think that's part of why we're having so much success there. We've got food, we under-indexed, and I think we're marketing it very effectively. And we've got a consumer that wants it. The consumer wants the convenience. 
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Actually, we're seeing some decent growth at Olive Garden for lunch. I think if you go to an Olive Garden, you look at our lunch menu, there's only five or six price points on the front of that menu, except for the bottom part, and they're all below $9.99 in most parts of the country. So we've seen some good growth there at lunch. And dinner remains strong. I hate to keep pivoting back to this. I know that you guys don't like to hear it. But we're so focused on improving the restaurant visit for the guest at each individual restaurant. Operations is driving some of this growth. I can't emphasize that enough. This is a very difficult business to execute at a broad level. And we've done a great job focusing our teams on that. And I think that's what's driving growth.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: John, obviously I was prepared for that question because it's being asked a lot of my peers. The way I think about this, John, it has to be a headwind for the entire industry. When I say the industry, I'm lumping fast food and other pieces in there. It's really hard for me to quantify the impact on casual dining. When I take the week-to-week noise out of the benchmarks, casual dining's down a little bit more than 1%, whether you look at it from a 13-week or 26-week or 52-week trend. So, when I look back over the year, as this spread has started to happen, I haven't seen a whole lot of difference in the trend. There's noise week to week but I like looking at these benchmarks on more of a trend to see what's happening, and try not to get too excited about what goes on week to week. I just have a hard time, when you think about our brands, that, where they're experiential, that people are trading out and staying home because they can get their groceries a little bit cheaper. I'm just having a hard time with that.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: I don't see, really, any interaction there. I don't see any change in behavior. I think when we look at The Capital Grille sales for the quarter, the one thing I didn't mention in my prepared remarks, we had some shift in the restaurant charity weeks that moved back into September, which are huge weeks for us. So those businesses, when you look at them on a longer-term trend, are performing really well. So I don't see any change in the upscale consumer behavior at this point in time, other than Texas. Texas continues to be weak. We're going to lap that here pretty shortly. But I haven't seen any -- it's not like the higher-end consumer is trading down.  I think -- we look at -- again we set out two years ago to try to increase frequency in Olive Garden. We thought that was the play. We thought we spent too much time trying to increase our reach. We went back to try to increase our frequency and stay focused on our core. I think that's what we're doing. We're driving more core business.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Jeff, I would say, again, I think, when you look at month to month, we've got promotional changes in there where we've got different tests going on with incentives. So, I don't get too worried about what's going on month to month. I'm kept fairly well informed of exactly what's in market and being tested and what to expect. We're pretty good at predicting when we're going to be a little bit weaker versus last year and then when we're going to make it up. When you look at LongHorn for the quarter we are right on our plan. We planned to be at 0.6% and we were at 0.6%. We nailed the plan based on what we're doing with the marketing schedule.  As far as the competitors, there's a lot of talk about it being very promotional. I would just urge you to go back and look at the benchmarks and see that there's still a 2% to 2.5% gap between -- we phrase it this way -- the consumer's paying 2.5% more this year than they did last year. And that's been true for seven years. For me, we haven't really seen a real promotional environment since the great recession. There was an 18-month period there where we saw a lot of promotional activity when check average was actually less than guest counts. But since then we've been adding between 2% and 3% to the consumer every single month. People say it's promotional. I'm not so sure that the consumer believes it's promotional because they're still paying 2.5% more.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: It was de minimis in the other brands. It was almost 100 basis points in Capital Grille approximately. But the other brands were de minimis.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: I wouldn't read too much into August. Schools start differently every year, the calendar, we had some promotional changes. There was a lot going on in August. And we could tell in certain areas what schools went back before Labor Day. There were big changes in the school schedule. So I would look more at the quarter number than the month number.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Nicole, what we said earlier in June was we'd expect 24 to 28 new units this fiscal year. We still expect to be within that range, 24 to 28. Now, I'm going to take you back to our long-term framework. Our long-term framework is 2% to 3% new unit growth. And as we said, early on in this long term, we'll be below that. But that does include just company-owned. That does not include any JV or any franchising sales growth for new units.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: No, international is all franchising. So that's not contemplated in the 2% to 3%. That would all be upside.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Yes, Nicole, we really haven't noticed a big change in family mix. Olive Garden's always had a larger family presence, anyway. So, we haven't really noticed a big change in mix in families.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Yes, Alex, we're still on track to hit our 60 roughly remodels for this fiscal year and we expect to do about 60 next fiscal year. We're still determining whether we want to accelerate that or not. But right now we're at 60 this year, roughly 60 next year, and then we'd be done with the year after at 60. They're running $250,000 to $450,000 in our total cost of remodels. But we're still on track for our 60 this year.
Eugene I. Lee Jr.: Alex, the other brands, you're talking about, the smaller brands on ramping up development, we believe that all of our brands have room to grow. It takes a little bit longer for those smaller, more specialty brands to build a pipeline. So when we kind of slowed the pipeline down a couple of years ago, some of these take 24 to 36 months to get open. What we talked about, our long-term framework on new units, was we expect to be below that long-term framework early and start ramping up for that. The good news is these specialty brands are higher sales volumes than an average Darden restaurant. So even if we open one or two, it's like opening three or four LongHorns. Again, we expect to be at the low end this year, or below the low end of our long-term framework for new units. And when we talk about 2018, we'll let you know when we get that sometime later this fiscal year.
Ricardo Cardenas: No, I'm really not going to share the mix for competitive reasons. Let me say that we've identified convenience as a huge opportunity. We've demonstrated that we've been able to pull that lever, take out – altogether it is -- up 50% over the last three years. What I will say is that we have momentum in the catering and delivery space but I'm not going to break down the components of our ToGo for competitive reasons.
Ricardo Cardenas: Hey, Brian. It's Rick. Our debt-to-EBITDAR ratio right now is slightly under 2% and our long-term framework is 2% to 2.5%. We do have a $750 million revolver. That doesn't mean that we're going to dip into it. We'll continue to work with the Board on figuring out what the best use of our capital is. If the stock price becomes volatile, we'll take advantage of that. But that's probably about as far as we'll go in talking about how much we're going to buy back.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Matt, this is Rick. We're still saying that our margins are neutral to what our in-restaurants are. A lot of it is because of the alcohol and the other beverages that you can sell in restaurants. Even though we do have a higher check on our ToGo business, we've got a lower margin on the food than on the alcohol.
Ricardo Cardenas: We're testing. We're looking at different third parties. We're not really wanting to talk about our testing for competitive reasons. But as Gene mentioned, we're talking to a lot of these deliverers to see which one is going to win out.
Ricardo Cardenas: No, no. The only delivery that's meaningful in our growth is our catering delivery that we're doing ourselves.
Ricardo Cardenas: Other than the things that I told you that happened last year, I wouldn't see there's anything very different than normal year-to-year stuff.
Ricardo Cardenas: Jeff, just big picture on the cost saves, since Gene's been the CEO, we've taken about $160 million out of costs out of the business. Yes, a lot of that was early low-hanging fruit. We're continuing to look for other areas of productivity enhancements that we can get. We do expect $30 million this fiscal year. And as we said in June, if we get more than $30 million, we'll decide whether we want to reinvest those savings into our consumers so that we can improve our value perceptions.  But we're going to continue every year to look for more productivity enhancements. I can't tell you what the savings will be in 2018 and 2019. We are still working through those. But if we have an update we'll give you one when we have one.
