Gene Lee: Thanks, Rick. This morning, we also announced that Rick will become our President and Chief Operating Officer. Rick’s career represents what our industry is all about. He joined Darden as a Buster at Red Lobster 1984 and has worked extremely hard mastering many functions. On January 4, he will become the President of the world’s largest full service restaurant company. He’s been a great partner to me over the last five years, and I look forward to working side-by-side with him in his new role. Additionally, we announced that Raj Vennam will become our Chief Financial Officer. Raj began his career at Darden in 2003, and has done an exceptional job in every role he has held. His promotion recognizes the significant contributions he has made to our individual brands as well as the greater organization. With a brilliant mind and a keen understanding of our industry, Raj is the perfect person to take over for Rick. I’m excited to see him expand his role in the company as CFO. Rick and Raj are here with me in the room today, and I want to take this opportunity to congratulate both of them. I want to close by recognizing our team members in the restaurants and at the support center. I can’t say enough about the dedication they’ve demonstrated throughout the year. Their focus, commitment and determination is exceptional. With multiple jurisdictions implementing dining room closures, we know many team members will not get the hours they needed during this holiday season. That is why we have reintroduced our emergency pay program that will provide three weeks of emergency pay to team members who are furloughed from their restaurant when dining rooms are closed. Our [indiscernible] greatest competitive advantage and we are committed to taking care of them. On behalf of the management team and the board of directors, I want to thank all our team members for your tireless effort to serve our community by providing the comfort of a warm meal. Thank you for going to the extraordinary lines to take care of our guests and each other. I wish you all a safe and a happy holiday season. And with that, we will take your questions.
Gene Lee: No, absolutely not. I plan on being as involved operationally there, that’s my strength. I mean, I see this as a opportunity to create growth for both Rick and Raj. I think it’s going to give Rick an opportunity to understand operations more deeply. Obviously, he has a great relationship with our presidents today, but I think it’s important for him and his development to get a little deeper into the operations and get to know and oversee a lot of the other people that make things happen, just not the president. I also think it’s important for him to partner with me on making sure that we are leveraging all the non-consumer-facing parts of our business and to see if there is an opportunity to continue to find additional synergies to enable us to further invest in our business. So I see this as an opportunity to work with people that deserve the opportunity to grow. And more importantly, have an extra set of hands to be able to do some things and look at things maybe a little bit differently. Giving Rick the freedom and the time to look across the organization and see where we can pick up some additional synergy I think is a good thing. I think that I tried to do that even in a position that was in, but I know there is a limit to the amount of time you have. I think giving Rick that time will be very beneficial to the organization as we move forward. So I am excited about these changes. It has – I don’t think anybody should read anything into it. I am going to still be heavily involved in food servicing atmosphere, just the way I am today, and I look at it as a great opportunity. I also look forward to working with Raj and giving him a chance to develop into a world-class Chief Financial Officer, and I think that’s going to be really exciting. So don’t read anything into it other than we’re creating growth for our people, creating new opportunities and we have a few things that we want to get done with this change.
Gene Lee: Yes. We have no definitive plans to put back marketing at this point in time. Obviously, we have developed multiple options of how to come back and use those resources that we have. But I think – and part of your question, I think the answer is there is that we’re going to look and see what the competitive environment is like, we want to see what the pent-up demand is like and we’re going to put back the marketing – put marketing resources back in the business judiciously. And I would love to get to a point where we can grow our business and rely a little less on advertising spend. We really like the P&Ls with the marketing line at the level it’s at right now. And so there is no predetermined outcome on this. We just – we need to get into the competitive environment and then make our decisions then. We have developed multiple options if needed.
Gene Lee: No, I don’t think – I mean, I think that my position on closure is still in that 5% to 15% range. And it’s unfortunate that a lot of these small businesses are being impacted this way, because I do think it has a – it will have a negative impact on our – on the productivity of our industry, so on so forth. So as far as real estate goes, I think that my position on that is still pretty much the same is that there is some more availability out there right now. However, we’re not seeing any weakness in the rent deals. I think what we are – I think there is some speculation going on out there right now with some of the REITs. So I think as we move forward, we will continue to try to grow our businesses responsibly. We want to eventually get back into our long-term framework. We’ll give you some more guidance in March exactly how we’re thinking about FY ‘22 for development. But we reconfirmed our guidance for this year and hoping that we can get the number of restaurants that we talked about in the press release open. And we have a bunch of restaurants today sitting there ready to go and that are ready to open. We just need to – our guideline here is, once we get to approximately 50% occupancy in a jurisdiction, we will go ahead and open that restaurant, and we’ve been very successful doing that.
Gene Lee: Good question, Brian. I think we think about it in three ways, right? What are we doing to ensure that we can grow the base from a same-restaurant sales perspective. And I think a lot of the simplification and efficiency – and the efficiencies that we’re creating. But more importantly, and I think I talked about this in the last call was, as we brought our menus down, we learned a lot about guest behavior and what the guest wanted to buy without our nudge. And I think that’s really been eye opening for us. And I think that that’s going to strengthen the operation and day-to-day operation on that side. So I really think that we’re well positioned there. We have done a lot of good work to ensure that our brand is set up for success. Secondly, we talked about transformation. And when we go to second bucket of growth, which is new restaurants, the key here is that we believe that the business model from a cost side is much stronger than it was pre-pandemic, which should enable us to be able to grow, especially in Olive Garden, deeper than we may have thought we would be able to grow pre-pandemic. So that’s one of the things I’m really excited about is, we think that we can actually over time tick up Olive Garden growth and handle – because of the improvements we’ve made, we think we can handle the cannibalization a little bit better and still get a good return on our investment. The third bucket that you highlighted was really around how do we continue to add brands to the platform? And as I’ve said forever, we continue to look at what our options are. The filter that we use really comes down to does the – does it benefit us to put that brand on the platform? Does the platform benefit that brand? Do we think it can grow faster than Olive Garden to improve our growth rate? And we’ve historically done something every three or four years. This has obviously been a different period of time. But we believe that to be an avenue of our growth and to support our long-term framework. And so I think we’re really well positioned in all of those – in those three buckets to drive the business. The last thing that I would say is I think that – in this transformation, it’s moved a lot of the technology forward faster than what we originally were planning to do. And the big change for us is moving from – moving how we handle the off-premise business, which has been a big part of our growth historically the last 5 years as we capture the convenience trend. But really getting clarity that this is going to be a curbside business, it’s going to be technologically enabled versus someone coming to the restaurant and getting out of the car and coming to pick it up. And I think that we’ve really worked hard and our team has done a great job. And I think that experience today, when you come into an Olive Garden, especially Olive Garden and LongHorn, in all our brands, but really this is an Olive Garden play because of the food travel so well. I think that that’s going to really be a competitive advantage going forward.
Gene Lee: Well, I think there were still geographic problems, and I would say that we were really adhering to the social distancing. But the business – in some ways I gave you that because I said we – the last two weeks cost us 200 basis points for the quarter. And so I think there were parts of the country that were performing really well, and I think you can look at the mobility index out there and see what parts of the country were performing well. And so if you look at Georgia and Texas, Florida hasn’t been performing as well just because of tourism is down and we have a lot of restaurants based in tourism. But in our non-tourist markets in Florida we’re performing well. So we had some good momentum, but we all – we knew as a management team that we weren’t – this wasn’t done, that we’re going to face this second wave and we are prepared for it. And we had good processes and we’ve been able to wind down the businesses effectively to off-premise-only and then we’ll quickly be able to wind them back up and take advantage of the opportunity.
Gene Lee: Yes. Good morning, Jeff. Labor is definitely is a little bit of a question mark for us and for the industry. But as we think about labor, we’ve dealt with the structural increases over time very effectively. We are better positioned than anybody else in the industry to be able to deal with that because where our margins are today. Do I – at the bottom if you’re asking me, do I think there’ll be a federal minimum wage increase that’s similar to Florida, I think over time we will see federal minimum wage increase, but not at the same rate as Florida. I think the key for us and the way we’re thinking about it is, how do we get to the right tip wage and to keep that relationship between the constituents – two constituents, the guest and the server that don’t want that relationship to change, albeit people in public office and some advocacy groups believe that that relationship should change where our team members in service really don’t want that to change. So how do we protect that, get that to the right level. If we’re all – if the industry at all faced with it then, we are going to have to figure out how from a pricing standpoint we are able to pass that through. I think long-term, when I look at the P&L and think about it, I think it’s – California is an example of it today. You’re going to end up with a little bit lower cost of goods sold and a little bit higher labor cost, but you’re going to end up at the same place. And so as long as you are thinking about that way, I’m confident in our ability to manage that over the long-term. Could it have some short-term impacts and volatility of the cost structure? Yes. But long-term, I like where we are positioned and our ability to be able to deal with it.
Gene Lee: No, we believe we’re an on-premise restaurant company. And we believe – we strongly believe that demand for in-restaurant dining is going to come back really strong. There’ll be some fall-off on the off-premise occasion. I think people have a lot of fatigue with that right now. Long-term, convenience is going to – when you think about long-term, convenience is still going to be important. But I think that – and off-premise will come back and be strong and be stronger at some point than it was pre-COVID. But I believe that these are – these brands need to be developed to be on-premise locations that as your primary business that drives an auxiliary business, which is your off-premise location, off-premise business, but you developed the brand in a box and we create in-restaurant – great in-restaurant experience. And the logistics of moving that the last mile are just so so expensive and something that we know really cuts into the profitability and some that we don’t want to be involved in.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think we’ve talked about in the last call the biggest transformation we’ve made in the cost structure has been at Cheddar’s. As we simplified the menu, we really were able to get in there and look at all the processes and procedures from the backdoor to the dining room table. And the team has made great progress there, which has resulted in a significant reduction in labor cost. And we’ve got a significant reduction in the waste in that business around cost of goods sold, which has really changed the business model. Prior to the pandemic, we had just rolled out at every single guest which has been received very well, and we were able to absorb the pricing that we implemented. When we did that, our value ratings have actually increased. I think the other thing that going through this crisis has accelerated is their off-premise capabilities. Prior to the pandemic, we did not have a ton of capabilities there. We didn’t – we really had a couple of phone lines, but it was just a mess. So we’ve increased the number of phone lines. We’ve got online ordering in place. We’ve now got the Curbside I’m Here in there. And it takes our businesses growing fairly rapidly through the pandemic, and we’re very pleased with that. We’ve got to get better at it because it’s not a core competency in Cheddar’s, but I think the team has been working really hard on it and I know they have got a big initiative, and I’m really proud of what they are doing. As far as unit growth goes, we’ve really – I always talk about human resources than we talk about unit growth. We’ve stabilized the human resources in Cheddar’s. The human resource metrics are getting closer to Darden metrics. I think actually management turnover is actually in the middle now after being such an outlier for so long. So I am excited about that. But we still need to build management strength to handle growth. Now we have been opening restaurants all the way through the transition, through the pandemic and through – really through the integration. And I would expect unit growth to be somewhere in that 5% to 8% range, which I think we can handle from a human resource standpoint. So it’s additive to our growth rate. We’re excited about the business. We’re excited to see what the P&L will really look like in a post-pandemic environment. And we’ve always loved the business and we love the business today, and we’re excited about it. We’ve got – team has done a great job, I’m really proud of them.
Gene Lee: No, I just don’t have – we don’t have the density in that business to be cost effective from a marketing standpoint. I think we’ll continue to use the digital – our digital capabilities there. But really, it was always a high volume concept that didn’t have the cost structure set up right. Now we have the cost structure set up – we think set up right and doing 5,000 guests a week. I think that the growth in that business really comes from new units not really comp growth. There is not many restaurant companies out there doing 5,000 guests a week.
Gene Lee: Yes. John, I think what investors have to do is make assumptions for when the pandemic starts to ease and when dining room restrictions kind of – when dining rooms reopen and then look at our average unit volumes what we’re doing today and kind of put some kind of a factor on that. And you can kind of see some of the things that we’ve shown in our releases and pretty transparent on our weekly sales and restaurants that have dining rooms opened versus the total company and just kind of make your best guesses on when do you think the pandemic is going to wane and when dining rooms are going to reopen. We can’t tell you when that is, but we feel really confident that when that does happen, we’re going to be there to capitalize on it.
Gene Lee: I think – first of all, I think technology really helps you on the off-premise side. As we talk to our guest, they continue to talk – tell us they don’t want a technologically advanced or enabled in-restaurant experience. They don’t want to look at digital menus. I mean, as we put the QR codes out there and have people try to look at the menus on their phone, they really pushed back, they don’t like that. And so that trend I don’t think is going to take place in restaurant. We are playing with some handheld devices to see if we can get orders quicker. I think that kiosk has played a major role in a lot of our brands. It’s enabled our servers to in a non-pandemic time be able to use that device to get orders in. It really does a great job on payment. The option rate on payment is extremely high with that device as the consumer becomes used to using it. So in restaurant, I don’t see a ton of technological advances there over time. I think the things that we are working on, you know Wait List is important. Again, the big one that we’re working on right now is how do you accelerate the checkout process on an online order and how can that be as friendly as the big retailers. And so those types of things on the margin I think technology is there. We are fairly technologically advanced with our dining room system, our KDS system. I’m not sure how much more is there that we see right now. We are working on a technology roadmap over the next five years to figure out where do we want to invest and how do we get the highest return on that. And so there is still work to be done. I think the majority of it still is in off-premise to accelerate that. And then on the other side, we don’t talk much about, but when you think about the size of our email database today and how we interact with our guests digitally. We will continue to evolve that and get better at that and more efficient with that. Trying to figure how to communicate more effectively with our consumers and let them know about the things that might drive a visit. And so I’m excited about that. There is a lot of engagement digitally with our brand, both from an email database, but from social. Just think about what happened last week when Taylor Swift dropped the song with Olive Garden in it, and how we were able to capture that socially and create buzz around that. And all of a sudden, when Taylor Swift drops our name in a song, our brand becomes very, very relevant. It’s a 40-plus year old brand that’s all of a sudden relevant with her audience. And our team was working around the clock to capitalize on that activity. And to those that are listening that were on that team, they did a fantastic job to be able to make that relevant. So, thank you to them and thank you to Taylor Swift for dropping Olive Garden in her song.
Gene Lee: Yes. When you think about, when you have no indoor dining, a big part of our restaurant is the servers and – so that’s a little bit less, actually, a little less efficient in number of hours than in our premise business. On dollars it’s not so bad, but on an hour’s basis you have a lot more servers per guests then you do wanted to go – to go experience. So actually it does help us a little bit when we go to off premise only, just for a little bit of time. We actually don’t like to be off premise only, we would much rather have the total sales and the total margin of being open on premise. And in relation to the fixed versus variable, that – as the definition says, the variable cost definitely go way down as we – our sales go down. Most of our costs on the fixed side will be there. We have a few things that we can turn off, when we go to off-premise only. The TVs, the music and those kind of things, but that’s not significant. The other thing that is significant as we have a little less repair and maintenance. When you’re restaurant isn’t getting beat up in the dining room, you don’t have to do as much repairs there. But I would say, we would much rather have a full restaurant full dining rooms and deal with the cost of that, then have empty dining rooms and just do off-premise.
Gene Lee: Well, I think that – I mean that’s hard for us to really define for you. I think that from our standpoint, we can – other than maybe having a ramp up in staffing, we can get right – we can get to a point where we can move back to 100% fairly quickly of where we were from a volume standpoint. And I think even staffing would be more of a fatigue thing, because we probably have to work our people more hours than what they were used to in the near-term, but I think we can get there right away. The question is going to be more on the consumer demand is that, is this going to come back in all at once or is it going to come back over a period of time as more and more people get comfortable. You think about the different demographics out there today, and is it going – our people is going to, as soon as they are vaccinated say, Okay, I can get out and move or are they still going to be cautious. And that to us is the unknown. But what I would tell everybody on the call and our investors is that, we’re going to be prepared to be able to handle the situation as it unfolds. And we’re going to be in a situation where I think that our brands are trusted and beloved by our guest and that people once they feel good about being able to have a little bit more mobility, they’re going to come back to as quickly and we’re going to be ready to serve them a great meal and deliver on our expectation.
Gene Lee: Yes, Nicole. I don’t want to comment on where consensus is for Q4 or beyond. But what I do want to get everybody understanding is, before the pandemic the full service restaurant business was about $100 billion category. We believe after the pandemic, it’s going to be $100 billion or more category. I mean, we also know that unfortunately there have been a lot of restaurants that have closed and there might be more that are coming. We really are unhappy with that, we really like to see these independents stay opened, as Gene mentioned, because they do provide some novelty and flare that we can learn from as well. But as we think about our business in the long run, full service restaurants was a big category, we had about an 8% share, 9% share, we believe it’s going to be at least as big, potentially bigger because of the pent-up demand and people really understanding and realizing what they missed out of casual dining and full service restaurants. And so, if restaurant stays close for a while, we are bound to pick up some of that share. How much that is? I can’t comment on it, but we believe we’re really, really well prepared to capture that share. And with the business model that we have, we believe that we’re going to benefit from that.
Gene Lee: Yes, David. I think – as this crisis has done a few things. I think it’s not just for the restaurant business, but for our business. I’ve listened to all the CEOs talk. I mean we’ve identified a lot of non-value-added activity inside our organizations that you are funding, but also was creating distractions at the operational level. And I think that’s a big upside for us and it’s something that we’re really focused on to ensure that there is not – there is not this gravitational pull to bring us back to do that type of work. What gives me the most confidence in our ability to get above pre-pandemic sales is the investments we’ve made. And from the minute after – day after April 20, when we raised $500 million in the equity offering and we knew liquidity wasn’t going to be an issue. This management team focus 100% on what do we need to do to ensure our businesses are stronger than they were before the crisis? What actions, what investments do you want to make? What things that you do in history that turned out to be wrong that you want to make right? And our businesses have worked hard to do that. Now each one of our brand is in a different place on that journey. I think our bigger brands are much further along at this point and they’ve made the moves. And what I’m really impressed with is, the stuff that they’re working on today, at the level of detail are trying to improve guest satisfaction to me is absolutely amazing. Words down to – we’re spending a lot of time working on how do we improve our – the off-premise experience and how do we ensure the food at 15 minutes if it’s not going to go back into a microwave is in it’s optimal eating point or what it look like at 30 minutes when it goes back into the microwave. So there’s just a tremendous amount of work and investment being made. And what I would call the second level that I think is going to pay big dividends. We’ve invested a lot back into quality and value and our brands. And I’m really excited about that and the guests are telling us that they are noticing these changes.
Gene Lee: No, actually the opposite, David, because we have removed a lot of the extraneous products that we are trying to serve, we were getting 0.5% of sales out off. And then we really through our menu – in our menu engineering, we are moving the high value, high satisfaction more of those items through to our guests. And we – the more we make the better we get. So actually, everything we’re working on today, speed is taken into account and that holds the simplification of that process. You guys have heard me talk about this – you probably tired of me talking about it. A great kitchen starts with how the product comes in the backdoor and we got to streamline all those processes until it get to the table. And during this crisis we’ve been able to reevaluate all that activity and all those processes and we’re so far along that journey today and that’s what gives me confidence about the future.
Gene Lee: Yes. Nick. We haven’t really seen a whole lot of difference in our check average, so that’s one way to think about the consumer and how strong they are. And as you look at our week to week sales in dining rooms that are open, they are still growing. Now, it’s really hard to tease out consumer strength versus people going out for holidays or people actually curbing their spending because maybe they were self-quarantining before Thanksgiving and those kind of things. So it’s really tough to see that other than the fact that our check really hasn’t had a big dip.
Gene Lee: Yes. First on the off-premise capacity – on the off-premise capacity, what I would say is, it’s hard to get your arms around it, because you still have capacity restrictions in your restaurant if you living with the six feet. So there is still a lot of people that pull up to our doors that realize that we’ve got to hour wait and then they transition to an off-premise experience. So we really don’t have a feel for where that’s going to level out. And I think I said last quarter, we actually see a scenario where that could actually fall down to below pre-pandemic levels once you open up the dine rooms, because there’ll be less demand for it. And then we believe it will come back at a higher level than it was pre-pandemic. But we don’t have a feel for where that’s going to settle in right now. Because I think everybody’s behavior is so modified in this environment. I’m really not going to comment on the M&A environment any further than what I’ve already said.
Gene Lee: Hey, Andy. Our fourth quarter isn’t that different than third quarter. We’ve got Mother’s Day in Q4, so that’s a really big day for us. While it’s not as seasonally high as Q3, it’s not that different.
Gene Lee: Yes, Brett. As we get the share information pretty lagging, so we’re usually a quarter behind to see what kind of share we’ve gained in Olive Garden and Longhorn. So I really can’t really comment on that. I would assume that we’ve gained share based on based on the industry data. I mean, because we’re looking at total industry, so a lot of restaurants were shut down. As far as our boxes, and I think the biggest thing that we’re looking at right now and I mentioned this earlier, is that we, believe the off-premise experience will be driven by Curbside enabled by technology. We were on a pathway in our big brands to really developed space that’s consumer facing to deal off-premise experience where the consumer came into the building to get it. So now we’re looking at that and we’re trying to develop ways to adapt the current facilities to make that space non-consumer facing and closer to the kitchen so it should actually cost less longer term as we make these adjustments. We have just built the new prototype in Orlando for all of Garden with a dedicated consumer facing off-premise experienced more like a, what I would call, a fast casual type restaurant/and now we’ve determined that’s not necessary, so that’s good news on that [indiscernible]. And so, our team is working real hard to figure out what these adjustments will look like, they will target those investments in the high volume off-premise locations and they’ll react and get that done over the next couple of years.
Gene Lee: Hey, John. Good questions. I think from a technology standpoint, there is nothing we’re adding to help our supervision. We’ve got some – we got management information systems that we’ve been well developed over the years, we continue to evolve those, streamline those, try to get them the most important information that they need to run their businesses. I think the biggest challenge there is how to not giving too much information and parallelism and so I think that will be one thing that I think Rick will look at in his new role, especially with his technology background as how to fine tune that platform to ensure that they’re getting the information they need, but not too much information. As far as the team member management mix. I don’t see any gain, we’ve always been efficient maybe more efficient than I think a lot of our competitors are at that level. We use key employees to supplement as a supplement to management but also as a development program is a gateway into our management program. So I think we’re pretty lean there and I don’t see our technology is going to change that at all. I mean I’m always going to want a Management person in the business, in the facility leading, these large groups of people. I think the difference in casual dining and I think it’s one of the reasons why it doesn’t franchise all that well, these are complex businesses with lots of team members. And if you’re not doing this business over the counter. And the one thing that off-premise has added is, added more complexity as you’re dealing with 10 or 12 at a time in your parking lot as you bring in the food out. So the businesses in some ways getting more complex as you try to deliver food through different channels. So I don’t see a whole lot of cost savings there.
Gene Lee: Yes, good question, Greg. I think that – obviously, we shrunk it for many reasons, primarily supply chain and then just from a labor productivity standpoint. We’ve been very judicious as we brought the products back. We think we’ve through our turf studies we think that we’ve satisfied everybody on the – any consumer and offer them places that they would want to go and eat specific menu. What we’re really focused on is, eliminating duplicity in the menu where you have a menu item, it does the same thing someone else did. I think that [indiscernible] has a very broadly appealing menu but yet limited number of items you have to figure out what Hill Stoner or Houston’s environment where they touch everything in each category that you might want as a consumer, but they do it with 15 menu items. And so I think that’s what we’re trying to do is to ensure that we don’t have duplicative. And I think the example I would use is, in Longhorn as an appetizer you don’t need both wild west shrimp and [indiscernible], it’s the same consumer that’s going to buy the product. And so what we’re working on is, how do we end up with the unique product and a product that you can only get in our restaurant, that’s very craveable and that differentiates you. And having two products that do the same thing and one is not – one is ubiquitous and one is differentiated, it makes no sense to me. And so that’s how we’re thinking about it. So, over time, yes, [indiscernible] product there, yes. But what you have to have, you have to have discipline. And the discipline is, you have to take stuff off. And we have been demonstrating that as an industry over the last 15 years and we need to demonstrate that moving forward.
Gene Lee: Yes. We are very strong in that. In Olive Garden already – obviously, we sell [indiscernible]. So that’s a big part of our business. Where we’re seeing some growth right now is in Cheddar’s with that business with family packs. We’ve also had some success in our upscale brands being able to sell family packs, stakes and size that you can – that are – stakes aren’t prepared but the size are prepared and we will give you instructions to reheat. And so we’re calling family meals or family packs that are working very well. So I think it’s something that we had some penetration. In Olive Garden, I think it will be bigger as we move forward. And it provide us an opportunity in some of our other businesses to get in that business.
Gene Lee: Yes, I think it’s a slight bump from pre-pandemic levels. I think that – I mean, listen, this was a growing piece of everyone’s business has convenient to became more and more important. Maybe there is an opportunity for us to take more share in Olive Garden than I think, because the experience is going to be so frictionless, but we are going to see what the consumer demand is. What I am confident in, especially on the Olive Garden side and somewhat to Cheddar’s is that, we will have – we will get our share in this business, we will get our share of the off-premise pie. And I think we’ll do a really good job with it, and it will continue to grow over time.
Gene Lee: Yes, I’m not a big believer in trying to gain too much efficiency on the service side. I mean I think every time you say you’re going to gain efficiency there, you’ve really saying you’re going to cut service. And we are full service restaurant. So when I think about the handhelds and technology for the service, I’m thinking more about speed of service for our guest than saving money. I just – I’ve been doing this for a long time and I just – every time I’ve tried to increase the efficiency in that part of the restaurant it doesn’t end well for me. And so I am committed to keeping the service levels up. I think service is a big part of the value equation, that’s a differentiator when you come into our restaurant versus go into a fast casual or fast food is, we got to provide a service. And there is a level that you’re going to, you want to get to that minimum level, you want to do a better than your competitors and you want to earn your business that way. So I see the technology solution more as a benefit to the consumer not a benefit to us from a cost standpoint.
Gene Lee: We’re totally rethinking our promotional strategy and how to effectively use that. There was a lot of good in what we did and we’ve realized there was a lot of bad in what we did. And there’s a lot of activity that goes into those. And as we evaluate that after the fact we believe there is a better way to do that. That doesn’t mean that we’re not going to do LTOs, but we’ve been out of them – we were out of LTOs and LongHorn for almost 2 years, pre-pandemic. And we have been able to make that adjustment. As we look at Olive Garden, we will continue to try to figure out what’s the best way to use our scale advantage and market that business effectively, but also considering do we need to do six LTOs a year or are there other ways to do that more effectively.
Gene Lee: Yes, Priya. As we know the dividends are important to our shareholders. We also know that the dividend policy is important to our bondholders. And as you think about our dividend and what we do, we typically set it within our long-term framework of 50% to 60% of our earnings. And the quarter that we just ended was at the low end of that, at 50%. We’re going to continue to work with the Board on what our dividend is going forward, but going farther than this quarter, it’s kind of hard for me to say, because the board is the one that decides a dividend, but we did contemplate what we think our guidance was in Q3 when we set our dividend in Q2. So we always look forward to see what we think our cash flows are going to be to ensure that the dividend is safe. And so that’s why we set the dividend of $0.37 this quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Well, first of all, thanks everybody for all the kind words. And I want to congratulate Raj as well on his promotion. He has been a real partner to me over these – over the four and a half, five years that I’ve been the CFO. And so I appreciate that. What do we needed to capitalize. Gene has been talking a lot about what we’re doing to make sure that we invest in our team members, invest in our food. And as the restaurants start to ramp up, we really believe that we’re seeing and we’ve seen growth when those restaurants start to open. We’re not going to talk strategically about what we’re going to do to capitalize on that. But just know that our business model is so much better that even if we – as we get our sales to grow, our margins will continue to improve, which gets to the second part of that question that you asked, and the question is flow-through in incremental sales. As we look at what we’re doing today, right, today, our variable margins are closer to 50% and before they were closer to 40%. And so we’ve taken a lot of costs out, but some of those costs will come back in. And as we mentioned, and that would imply about 150 basis points of margin improvement over the long run. But right now, incremental profitability is pretty strong. When we started to see some closures, we started to see that drop. And so as we move forward, we still believe that we’re going to get to a 100% of our pre-COVID EBITDA, 90% of pre-COVID sales. We just don’t know when we’re going to get to the 90% of pre-COVID sales.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Chris. Thanks. The G&A, I’ll talk about this quarter that we just ended. And as you saw, we reported about $90 million in G&A. But that would have been closer to $82 million without that mark-to-market expense. And as you recall, at the end of the first quarter call, we talked about the early retirement program that we had, saving us about $25 million to $30 million a year. We’re still seeing that and we still believe that we’ll keep that as we move forward. But we’ve also had some savings in G&A because of reduced travel and other things, no general manager conference and those kind of things. Those things will come back. How fast they come back is a question. But we’re running about 5% G&A or 5.5% G&A right now, which is remarkable considering our sales where they were – where they are. As we get back to our pre-COVID sales, we will start seeing G&A come up a little bit, but nowhere near where it was before because of that $25 million to $30 million – I’m sorry, $25 million to $30 million of savings that we got on early retirement.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. No, we’ve been investing in technology for years. As we continue to work on our technology investments, that will impact the depreciation line amortization line going forward. But we also have some projects that we worked on [indiscernible] would fall off. We’re going to continue to invest in technology. Will that help make us more efficient here in the support center? Yes. But a lot of our G&A is out in the field and our directors of operations and our senior vice president of operations and technology will help them be more effective and more efficient, but it won’t get us a whole lot of G&A save. But absolutely, the technology investments we’re making are more about in restaurant. So that’s not a G&A, that’s kind of restaurant margin.
Rick Cardenas: Hi, John. No, I think you got it a little bit on the G&A front. But as we continue to reopen restaurants, we are getting more efficient at that, right? So if restaurants come back and reopen, we are just getting better at doing that. And as restaurants close, we are getting more – we are more efficient doing that as well. So we just believe that we have got a business model that’s wired pretty well right now and that should show up in our margins in Q3.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Jeff. This is Rick. On the labor front, the hourly labor of 310 basis points favorability this quarter, it was really driven by the fact – compared to 350 in Q1, it was really driven by the fact that in Q1 we had a much, much more simplified menu in some of these restaurants because some of them were still to go only, some of those restaurants were running with very few hourly employees. And so, as we started ramping up dining rooms, yes, we added some labor, but 40 basis point difference isn’t very big when you consider the sales that we added from Q1 to Q2. And the emergency pay isn’t – we don’t necessarily put that into our direct labor cost, it’s more in the kind of fixed labor, we talk about it. So when we talk about the 310 basis point to the 350 basis points, it does not include emergency pay.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, John, this is Rick. I’ll go through those questions. So lower marketing is part of the 100 million to 150 million – 100 basis points to 150 basis points. I’m sorry. But most of that is going to be from our labor efficiencies that we’ve come to play. As sales go back up depending on what the competitive environment looks like we will market. I mean, Olive Garden is a national brand. And one of the benefits of Olive Garden is their scale and their national footprint. So Olive Garden will be on TV nationally, because we think that’s a big competitive advantage for us. And so marketing will come back not to the level it was before, but most of our 100 to 150 basis points is going to be on the labor front. As it relates to unit potential, while we’re not going to give a number on units, Gene did mention Olive Garden, seeing that we could potentially go into smaller markets because of the business model enhancements that we’ve made, but other brands are going to fill in markets. I mean, one of the things that Gene mentioned earlier about Cheddar’s is, they don’t have scale, they really don’t have a whole lot of scale in most of the markets there are in either. So we really believe in relative market share and we think Cheddar’s has the opportunity, LongHorn has the opportunity, all of our brands have the opportunity to build scale in some markets they are in, while still growing into new markets. And in regards to cannibalization, we haven’t given that number in a long time. And most of the cannibalization would be at Olive Garden. And Olive Garden isn’t growing that many restaurant, so the cannibalization isn’t that impactful for us. And as it relates to the other brands, as we do go into some markets that we already have restaurants in, because we’re so, especially for Cheddar’s, because we’re so disbursed on where we – where our restaurants are. When we add a new restaurant, yes, we will have some cannibalization, but the business model is so much better now that we believe that is the right thing to do, plus it actually leverages some of the G&A and other things in that market, even our supply chain. So while our restaurant level margins may tick down if we cannibalize, the cost outside the restaurant will get better.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Nicole, this is Rick. As it relates to our guidance and then I’ll get into the comp. We aren’t assuming that we’re contemplating any significant changes in net capacity restriction. So where we are today is where we’re going to expect to be through the quarter. Other than those that are already contemplated by officials if there is some new ones coming then – that we already know about, but we don’t know about any new ones coming. Now hopefully those things will ease as the quarter goes on. And so, we do have some – a little bit of that. I will give you – I want to give you a couple of data points. So as of Sunday our quarter-to-date on a fiscal basis, which is what you all look at, our comp sales were down about 26%. But if you look at it on a comparable calendar basis, because, remember, we had a 53 week last year and Thanksgiving shifted, we’re down 35%, as Gene mentioned, over the first 2 weeks. So our guidance takes all that into account, it takes into account that we think that our sales are going to maybe grow a little bit on a per op week basis or on average unit volume basis, but because we are going up against that high seasonal sales last year our comps will be a little bit more challenged. And so that led to the second part of your question of what are we seeing in comps for restaurants that still have dining rooms open. We’re now getting into our seasonal period, so we’re getting into that point that we talked about after Q1 and recently mentioned on today’s prepared remarks is that, our comps are going to be harder. What I would focus everybody on is our average weekly sales. And if you look at our press release that we shared, we still have average weekly sales growing. Unfortunately not growing as fast as average weekly sales grew last year, which we knew would happen and we highlighted that. So we’re focusing more on Q4 next year. We believe we have the business to get us through that and we’re really comfortable with the guidance that we gave for Q3, but we’re really focusing on getting our business really ready to capitalize on when sales come back.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Brian. The one cost that will continue to go up is repairs and maintenance. As I mentioned, we have dine in’s closed, we don’t have as much beating of our dining room. So we have – we’ll have R&M start to tick up and it already started to tick up in Q2 as dining rooms reopen it also gives us the time to actually do some of that repair and maintenance while the dining are close. So we will have some of that coming up. Utilities go up as your dining rooms open and you’ve got more utilities going that way. But again that’s all contemplated in everything that we have in our guidance.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Jack, this is Rick. I think if you – as you think about our long-term framework, we haven’t adjusted our long-term framework. So as of now, we still believe we can get to those numbers over the long run. But as we’ve always said, any one year could be above or below that. And so I would hope that FY’22 would be above that, because of where we were in FY’21, but in FY’21 and we’re going to be below it. So in the long run, which is what we talk about to all of our investors and to all of you. We believe we can hit our long-term framework. And I will remind everybody that we’ve been a public company since 1995. We’ve never had a 10-year period where our average annual TSR has been below 10%. And even when – fiscal period. So even last year when we had the worst fourth quarter I think of any industry and of any one at least for us, we still had a 10-year TSR of over 10% on average.
