Clarence Otis: Thanks, Gene. This was a more complicated and more challenging quarter financially, given this year's cost dynamics and the sales slowdown at Olive Garden. As we think about the balance of the year though, we're encouraged, very encouraged because, one, we have a sound strategy in place to strengthen our business at Olive Garden; two, we continue to see good momentum as a result of the many changes we've made at Red Lobster, LongHorn Steakhouse and within our Specialty Restaurant Group over past several years; and three, we fully expect current cost dynamics to change meaningfully in the second half of the year. So we continue to expect to deliver solid financial performance this fiscal year, and just as importantly, well into the future.  As Drew just outlined, we're making changes at Olive Garden with appropriate urgency. Some of the changes will be implemented soon, while others will take more time. But we're confident in the Olive Garden team, and we believe we're on track to deliver good performance this fiscal year.  Fortunately, we have a strong portfolio of brands that, in aggregate, can produce solid results even when a single brand has its challenges. Our outlook for the year, which is for strong sales and earnings growth against a backdrop where we have an economic recovery that continues to be uneven and relatively anemic is a testament to that. And the reason we have a strong and resilient portfolio is that we have exceptional employees across all our brands who are committed to our business. Their commitment and capabilities are why we continue to make progress toward our ultimate objective, which is to take full advantage of the opportunity we have given the strong brands, the strong support platform, the strong cash flows to create a great company.  And with that, we'll take your questions. Thank you.
Clarence Otis: And I was just going to add, I mean we talk about food cost inflation for the year 5%, 5.5%, obviously much higher than that on the front half of the year. And then much of that increase is concentrated, as Brad said, in the products that Red Lobster uses most. And so you've got that against pricing that, as Drew said, took place a little later in the quarter this year than it did in the quarter prior year. And so if you look at the press release, you'll see average pricing across those 3 months sits well below 2%. And all of those things sort of came together to drive that. But as we look at the fiscal year, a little bit different story.
Clarence Otis: Well, as it relates to the core menu, one of the great strengths of Olive Garden is the breadth of appeal it has for different occasions and different set of customers at a range of household incomes. And as we have stepped back and looked at industry trends over the last several years, structurally we have seen a decline in business coming from households with incomes below $60,000 for the industry in total. And that's been -- the impact of that has been a little more elevated at Olive Garden because it's got broader reach into that group to begin with. So as we think about the core menu, we want to maintain price point accessibility to that full range of households. And so we will be looking to strengthen that portion of our menu, but doing it in a way that introduces dishes that will be equally relevant for other consumers at other occasions. We don't think anything we would do for that target demographic would in any way be off-putting to other people. I forget the second part of the question. Remodels. Yes, ultimately, we want to see a sustained same-restaurant sales lift at Olive Garden that's similar to what we were seeing at Red Lobster, which is in the 3% range or so. 3% to 4%.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I would just -- this is Clarence. I'll lead it off, but it really reflects the momentum at the other businesses. I mean, Red Lobster at 11% almost same-restaurant sales increase, LongHorn roughly 5%. These are big businesses, and when they get momentum, they have momentum. And so Olive Garden, we're trying to turn that momentum a little bit, but we expect to see the momentum continue at the other businesses, and it's hard to stay where we were given where those are even as we see that growth moderate through the year at the other 2 brands.
Clarence Otis: Well, no, I think we're -- I think Brad said we weren't going to comment on what we see at any of the brands in the second quarter just because we got a very volatile environment. So whatever we see in September needs to be confirmed in October. And I think the phrase he used is, he has reason to be confident or -- and that's pretty much where we are.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I don't think there's any question that the strength at Red Lobster and LongHorn where it's located in markets that have an Olive Garden, that both of those had an impact on Olive Garden. But more broadly speaking, what we see at Olive Garden today is a very strong foundation and an opportunity to build on that foundation with some more significant business building growth initiatives that really address the need to take market share over time versus growing with the industry and to regain momentum in a target demographic, that's got directionally somewhat lower income, $60,000 plus -- or below $60,000, certainly above average. But that's the demographic where Olive Garden has seen a little more softness just as the industry has seen a little more softness. And we think the dynamic there is purely one of affordability. There's nothing that's become off-putting about the brand. It's just across the category, that demographic is stretched. They need more affordability, and Olive Garden needs to build on their already strong everyday affordability to make it even more compelling.
Clarence Otis: Well, I'll start, John, and I would, I guess, I'd begin by differentiating between our pricing strategy and our menu strategy. And the way we think about it is we need to price for the net inflation we see in our business year-over-year over time. And we don't want to get ahead of that inflation and have our prices rise too much, but we don't want to get too far behind that net inflation either and have to catch up with a bigger increase in 2 or 3 years. So we try and minimize the amount of pricing we have to take by identifying and leveraging big cost savings that eliminate costs from the business that our guests don't see. But we do feel like we need to have pricing that's pretty much in line with net inflation over time. Separate from that, our core menu strategy is really all about making sure that we offer a range of items that suit different taste profiles, that suit different pocketbooks with different price points and are satisfactory for different occasions. And as we look at that menu strategy, I think what we see is we haven't been perhaps as aggressive as we could have been at strengthening price point accessibility from a menu strategy standpoint at the lower end at Olive Garden, which to us is separate from the pricing strategy that we need to pursue. Now having done that or having said that, we need to do that in a way that brings in incremental traffic so that we can grow total sales and total profits. So for instance, that's one of the reasons we're advertising Panini sandwiches at $6.95 to tell people there's something new and to drive incremental traffic and have them discover a more affordable option at Olive Garden at lunch, for instance. But we would -- I would separate those 2 things.
Clarence Otis: Well, I think, Larry, there's always things that we can respond with. I think when you look at our plans laid out in front of us, we have good confidence in them and we'll continue to manage to those. There'll be opportunities with some promotional opportunities if we would choose to do so. And we can always look at our costs, but the base plan that we have out there today, we feel pretty good about and we're really focused more towards executing on the base plan.
Clarence Otis: Yes, the percent of guests ordering it was above the typical promotion and above our expectation. It was broadly appealing, and as we said, very successful driving the traffic, right.
Clarence Otis: Yes, right. More guests paying less would have driven total sales, total margin improvement. The issue is really pricing relative to inflation.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, I don't want to talk specifically about our future promotion and core menu plans. But I would say at Red Lobster that offer, the 4-course seafood feast for $15, was very carefully designed to do a few things: give consumers, give our guests a price point that they felt that was certain and clear and that they felt was compelling; design dishes that had a food cost, we think was -- thought was appropriate; and an overall offer that would drive traffic that ultimately resulted in total sales and total margin growth. And we were delighted with the way that promotion performed in June and through most of July. And certainly, given that strong performance, we will seriously consider the role that, that offer can play in future promotions and potentially on the core menu. As it relates to Olive Garden, I would say that we do have an opportunity to make -- to offer even stronger everyday affordability on our core menu to make sure that our brand remains as accessible to as wide a range of household incomes as possible. And that's something that the Olive Garden team is examining and working on now. In the near term, we're going to be emphasizing affordability more in our promotions, as I mentioned. And even next week, roughly within the next week, we'll be adding some news to the market to help with affordability. We introduced Panini sandwiches about 6 weeks ago, and we're going to start advertising a half-Panini sandwich, unlimited soup and/or salad for $6.95 to bring in some lunch news and affordability. So that's an example of something that's happening right away. But some longer-term core menu work and affordability, we'll also be examining.
Andrew H. Madsen: The other thing I would add, John, is that as we look at the consumer, it's a very segmented set of consumers. And so for our industry, household incomes north of $100,000 are roughly 1/3 of sales, and you're seeing discretionary income growth there. And so a moratorium on price is across the board, we don't think is appropriate. It's more about being very targeted based upon where people are, so a range of options that address how each of those income segments define affordability.
Andrew H. Madsen: So lunch for Olive Garden was a little bit better than dinner at Olive Garden and lunch remains a strength and a differentiator for Olive Garden, particularly the soup, salad and breadsticks, the new Panini sandwiches that were introduced. And then the question about Red Lobster and Olive Garden sharing parking, yes, there's 400, roughly, Red Lobsters and Olive Gardens that share a parking lot.
Andrew H. Madsen: And so the way we think about it, Olive Garden has the highest returns, but the delta, the growth in returns at LongHorn are pretty strong.
Andrew H. Madsen: I think the only thing I'd add is if you look at Olive Garden and Red Lobster, you think about the 2% to 3% pricing that we're talking about for the year, you'll see more pricing in the second half of the year than you saw in the first quarter, where both of them were below that range. So that's a factor as well. And as Brad said, seeing that 30 basis points improvement be somewhat lower than that is what drives us toward the bottom of that 12% to 15% range.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, Brian, this is Brad here. I think if you look at how we've laid out our forecast and what we see in the back half of the year, is really wrapping on the period last year, the back half of our fiscal year, where there's really pretty high year-over-year inflation, similar to what we're seeing in the first quarter, where it's very high single digit year-over-year inflation. And so just as we had forecast that back in January, February at our Investor/Analyst Conference there, the same tools, the same folks that are looking at that as we look forward at the marketplace and what's going on and while this involves the grains in terms of the harvest and all of that, that's going on, we don't see the costs elevating from where they currently are today. So when you get to that year-over-year comparison, they're going to be very modest, if any, increases on a year-over-year basis.
C. Bradford Richmond: Well, Brian, let me start off and I'll turn it over to Clarence. But no, first off, when you look at the features that they did, the margins on there are really no dissimilar from what we have done regularly with our Endless Shrimp promotion, done in a very different way though as Drew detailed just earlier. But what we see when you look particularly at Red Lobster is shrimp was one of the products that we had the highest year-over-year inflation, and so that's what really entered into their operating profit return metrics, if you look at those. And so if you neutralize the elevated cost, we look back and then feel very good with how that performed and the margins that, that delivered for us.
C. Bradford Richmond: Keith, I -- this is Brad. Your question -- as these margins on the promotional items, if you look at more normalized year-over-year cost, and the fact that you can see the tremendous traffic that they drove, if you look at overall margins or operating return margins, they are a lift to the earnings. So they're a better place to be. I think Drew talked some about more guests at slightly less price, slightly less margin as well, is actually a good place for Red Lobster to be. And as you can see throughout, really from October forward of last year, when we've gotten more to the price certainty in our messages there for the consumers, that they've been able to demonstrate pretty strong top line performance in the current quarter. As Clarence mentioned earlier, the more elevated cost inflation of the particular products that they use that did, in the quarter look – or show a little less progress. But when you net that all out, we're pleased with where they are.
C. Bradford Richmond: So I would simplify it and say that it's -- more than 100% of it is commodity cost inflation. So a more normalized cost environment, we would see op profit increase with the success of these promotions.
C. Bradford Richmond: This is Brad. Jason, I was going to say real quickly, I mean, if you look even in the press release, if you look at the core -- within the quarter, you are seeing the progress that Drew alluded to some with the changes there at Olive Garden, and it's going to take a while to get everything done that we think we need to do for the brand. But I think you're starting to see some of the benefits of those efforts already.
C. Bradford Richmond: Jonathan, Brad here. No, I think the only thing that I would say from where we are right now is that trend, from where they've been, will continue to make modest improvement.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. When we looked there's no one particular item. We just felt we'd have a little bit more progress there than we did. Now had some upward pressure on credit card fees, more repairs, things that were done, but no one item really stuck out there. We just felt it would be a little bit better and have every reason to expect that some of that could even be timing and nature of some of those like repairs and some of those items.
C. Bradford Richmond: Brad, this is Brad here. And no, we're maintaining the low -- historically low turnover that we had. So that's helping increase turnover, I would hope -- decreasing talent acquisition cost. And we do maintain a lot of training, but more of that training now is going towards the incumbents and enhancing their skills. So we do see productivity gains there. Now we still had, I think it was 50 basis points of improvement in this quarter over the first quarter of last year, which was, I think, roughly 80. So on a 2-year basis, we're making pretty good progress and still making progress this year. And our guidance encompasses that there’ll be still some improvement over the prior year in quarters 2 through 4.
C. Bradford Richmond: Okay. Well, obviously, we'd love for Olive Garden to do better and had it done better, we would have had tremendous first quarter. But with the growth of our other brands and the addition of new units, we continue to expect even with the challenge that we had in the first quarter and how we’ve talked the second quarter is going to be that we're still going to be able to expand margins or operating profit returns just because of the growth in our other brands and, as I mentioned, the new units. Olive Garden is currently or is still our highest returning unit brand, but the difference between that and the -- with the success that we've had at Red Lobster and LongHorn Steakhouse and SRG, it's not a -- the mix change is not a tremendous impact. I think you have to step back and look at more at the absolute growth that the other brands are achieving and the fact that, that drives margin improvements and absolute dollar improvements over the course of the fiscal year.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, Brad here. We still look at this year, it’s going to have margin expansion. Beginning of the year, I do believe we said it was going to be around 30 basis points. It’ll be something a little less than that, but it's still going to be expanding some. And I think when you -- you can't really look at the first quarter as indicative of the whole year because, one, on the food side, but we've discussed that pretty much detail. And when I -- we look back at our transformative cost savings initiatives, they're all pretty much on track. They do build a little bit through the course of the year. So we get a little bit more cost relief, if you will, as we approach the back half of the year. So with the tremendous growth that we're having, the addition -- and same-restaurant sales across all of our brands and the new unit growth, those all provide leverage to help us increase our returns and achieve pretty significant earnings growth.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I'd tell you it's pretty hard to look at those trends in the short-term nature, so I'd save that comment until we meet again in December.
