Eugene I. Lee: Thanks, Drew. Specialty Restaurant Group delivered strong performance in the fourth quarter, growing sales 26.9%. This growth was a result of the strong performance at our 23 net new restaurants across the group, which includes the 11 Eddie V's restaurants we acquired last November and blended same-restaurant sales growth of 2.7%. Our sales growth resulted in significant operating margin expansion during the quarter. In fact, restaurant level margins improved significantly for the group throughout fiscal 2012, and we continue to leverage our support platform to reduce G&A as a percentage of sales. Total annual sales for the group exceeded $620 million. That's an increase of more than 24% over prior year and contributed to 24% of Darden's total annual sales growth for the year. This robust sales growth was driven by annual blended same-restaurant sales growth of 4.6%, building on an already competitively superior average unit volumes of $6.4 million for the group. We believe that Specialty Restaurant Group is well positioned to continue building on this momentum in fiscal 2013. Our key priority remains effectively managing accelerated new restaurant growth while maintaining operational excellence, ensuring our brands and business models continue to improve and remain vibrant. In fiscal 2013, we plan to open 14 to 16 net new restaurants, including 78 Seasons 52s, 3 to 4 Bahama Breezes, 3 Capital Grilles and 1 Eddie V's. At the same time, we are continuing to build the real estate pipeline for each of our brands, including making significant progress on identifying potential sites for Eddie V's future expansion. As we accelerate growth, maintaining a sufficient talent pipeline will also be critically important, and our operations and human resources teams will be intently focused on that this year. In addition, to continue our same-restaurant sales momentum in fiscal 2013, we will focus on further elevating the guest experience along with growing all sales channels including group and event dining, as well as national account relationships and continue to broaden the appeal of our menus. We will also leverage our culinary expertise and strong seasonal and regional culinary platform to drive food and beverage innovation that help offset the higher beef costs. We are confident that Specialty Restaurant Group has what it takes and is working on the right things to achieve the high end of our long-range growth targets of 17% to 20% and continue to add more economically resilient guests to the Darden portfolio. Now I'll hand it back to Brad for the fiscal 2013 financial outlook.
Eugene I. Lee: And I think as Brad mentioned when you look at Red Lobster and LongHorn, we do expect increasing rate, and so increased number of TRPs at LongHorn, increased weight at Red Lobster as Drew said. They've been working for a couple of years now to very significantly transform their core menu with a focus on affordability and introducing more price-accessible offerings. And so to drive awareness of that menu, they're going to launch with fairly significant weight behind it.
Eugene I. Lee: Yes, I would say a lot of the confidence is driven by a couple of things. One is that as we've made this transition, Olive Garden has had promotions that worked really well. And so in the second quarter, for example, we had a promotion that worked quite well for us. And even in the fourth quarter, we had some success with one of the promotions not as much with one of the others. We think that there will be variability as we make the transition. As I said, there'll be less variability as we continue to learn. The second reason for our confidence level is that we've made this transition before with Red Lobster and with LongHorn Steakhouse. And again, the results in fiscal 2012 for Red Lobster on a same-restaurant sales basis with fairly significant increases through the first 3 quarters, a 4.5% increase for the entire year, this transition was -- certainly contributed to that.
Clarence Otis: Yes, to wrap up, as you all know, the competitive environment's been tough with a frustratingly slow economic recovery that's constrained consumers. And like other leaders in our industry, we're responding to this reality with significant changes in what we offer our guests and how we communicate what we offer. Within our portfolio, Olive Garden got off to a later start in making these changes, but still our double-digit growth in earnings per share in the fourth quarter and second half, once an unusual food cost spike was behind us, indicates that we can deliver strong financial performance even when part of our portfolio is not where we'd like it to be. As discussed, material changes are underway at Olive Garden that will strengthen its guest experience and promotional offerings, and we're working on the right things to sustain momentum at the rest of our brands. We continue to believe that we've got an opportunity to deliver compelling financial value over the next 5 years beginning with solid sales and earnings growth in fiscal 2013. It's a year in which we do expect continued recovery though the improvement in economic and industry conditions is likely to be a lot slower than any of us would like. We're confident though that with a relentless focus on building guest loyalty and on leveraging and enhancing both our expertise in our increasingly cost-effective support platform that we'll navigate that environment well. With that, we've got about 30 minutes to take your questions. We know we've run a little longer given that it's a fiscal year end. So let's get started.
Clarence Otis: Well, I think we talked about it. Really March is when we saw the spike in consumer -- in gasoline prices. As we talked about before, that initial spike is something that matters. It does affect behavior. That starts to dissipate over time. And so we've got a premium price promotion that's timed to Lent, so March was the right time. It actually began at the very end of February and so it's just -- it was not well suited for that environment. In April is where we had some fairly significant year-over-year calendar sort of shifts and so you have to adjust April for that. But April was a better month as some of that consumer concern dissipated. And then we saw the consumer get a lot more cautious in May and that was not just at Red Lobster, but across the restaurant industry and really as we look out at the data that we get generally across the overall consumer environment beyond restaurants.
Clarence Otis: And then the final thought would just be, as Drew said, I mean we look at a lot of different measures of brand strength and Red Lobster has been improving on all of those. That improvement drove a significant success in the first 3 quarters of the year. So as we look back on the first quarter, same-restaurant sales growth of nearly 11%, almost 7% in the second quarter, a third quarter that had some favorable weather but was still 6%. And so we do think that as we look at the fourth quarter, it's attributable to some very specific promotional dynamics.
Clarence Otis: Yes. Historically, Olive Garden hasn't advertised around Mother's Day. They did last year, but historically they typically don't. And the thought is it's so busy around Mother's Day that we'll target our advertising support for other periods during the year. And as I talked about in the current environment with the competitive challenges, that probably wasn't the right decision. For fiscal 2013, Olive Garden is going to continue to have one of the strongest media budgets in casual dining and it's going to be -- it's comparable in terms of absolute weight to what it was in fiscal 2012. It'll be up a little bit in dollars because the media inflation is going to be up and we're going to get, we think, more impact from that media investment because we're going to be, in the near term, more single-minded on affordability in several promotions. We're going to have a new campaign starting in the second quarter that we think is going to be a little less expected and is going to break through a little more effectively. And then starting in the third quarter, we're going to have some advertising support behind a new menu with more everyday affordability that we think is going to resonate with Olive Garden guests as well.
Clarence Otis: I think it was we were emphasizing the interest and excitement and imagery of Tuscany more than we were emphasizing the affordability of the new dishes, and that balance while it might help build the brand over the long term is less impactful in the near term when more guests are looking for affordability. And so a 2 for $25 promotion is a very different message than Taste of Tuscany.
Clarence Otis: And I would say at Red Lobster, we think Red Lobster will have growth in same-restaurant sales in fiscal 2013 on top of the strong growth that they had in fiscal 2012. Certainly, in 2012, a lot of it was driven by much better promotional effectiveness, which reflect several years of work prior to that. As Drew mentioned, this year Olive Garden -- I'm sorry, Red Lobster is rolling out one of the biggest changes in core menu that they've done in at least a decade. 80% of our guests are ordering off the core menu. So that's very important. It is a slower build than a promotion might be, but that is part of the reason why we would expect growth at Red Lobster. We have confidence that the core menu is moving in the right direction. And as Drew just reminded me, there is extra media behind that core menu. So we hoped to get that build a little faster than we might without that.
Clarence Otis: And I would say as you look back at fiscal 2012, that smarter that Drew talked about really starts to show up in second half. And so that trading that he talked about was much more pronounced in the first half than it was in the second half as we took steps to address it.
Clarence Otis: Yes. No, we're not making a trade-off in quality at all. And the new dishes our guests are finding very compelling. So it's a combination of having new dishes that are a little more accessible from a price point standpoint, additional media and incremental traffic, all of which is going to help maintain.
Clarence Otis: And then I would say on the core menu, in a different -- in addition to making changes that really add compelling price-approachable sort of offers, Olive Garden's also working to make sure it adds items that really are seen as extremely high quality at a reasonable price to really continue to resonate with that guest who has the willingness and ability to pay more, and so that dynamic is going on as well inside the core menu.
Clarence Otis: And I do think, John, you point to a factor here, which is we talk about and we've been talking about for a year, for example, the direction we want to go in but the development times -- the development cycles are fairly extended because we have to develop dishes. We have to test those dishes. We've got to run in-market tests to get a confidence level. And so a significant change like Red Lobster's making has taken 2 years, will have taken 2 years, by the time they introduced their major core menu change. Olive Garden has been working on an even more accelerated basis and so will have taken about a year. So these take time because we feel that, that time is required to really do it right.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I'll let Brad answer that. I would just say incentive compensation shows up on a number of different line items, and so it's not just in G&A, the in-restaurant, restaurant manager incentive shows up on a different line.
Clarence Otis: And I would also add just a lot of the cost reduction that we did in the fourth quarter is sustaining -- ongoing. And as Brad said, contributes to that continuously cost-effective support platform. We just have time for one more question.
Clarence Otis: No, no. Not at all. In fact, if you just take the incentive reset alone, that's worth 4 points of EPS growth. And so that, alone, takes it to 8% to 12% instead of 12% to 16%. So that is probably the biggest factor. We do have, as we said, some investments and some initiatives to drive growth beyond 2013 and that has an effect as well, but not nearly as significant as the incentive reset.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say Olive Garden offers unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks with their entrées and so that will be a clue to the guests, they know it, and we will reinforce that, that first course is on us.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, just a little more color on Olive Garden. We're not anticipating any sort of first half to second half hockey stick for Olive Garden we think in the first half, the promotions are going to be meaningfully stronger than they were last year. In first half of fiscal 2012 same-restaurant sales were minus 2.5% to minus 3%. For instance, we think more single-minded focus on affordability in the promotion that starts Monday, the 2 for $25, is going to be much stronger than the carbonara ravioli promotion last year that it’s lapping. And by the same token, we think the new menu that's going to be introduced in the third quarter with more elevated focus on everyday affordability and advertising behind that will help maintain momentum throughout the year.
Andrew H. Madsen: And certainly the industry softened in May as Clarence just talked about. But stepping back from that and thinking about Red Lobster specifically, we think the results in the fourth quarter demonstrate really the heightened need for affordability that most consumers have in casual dining, particularly the Red Lobster core guest and that is why we've been working so hard over the last year, not just on promotions, but on a core menu that we think makes a meaningful difference in price point accessibility every day for guests. And without dimensionalizing that too much, it's a substantial change in terms of the balance of items on the menu are $15 or below, which we've determined to be sort of a threshold point for affordability for high-quality seafood in casual dining. And that's why we're adding media support starting in the second quarter to tell people about this new menu. So promotions can help address that to a degree, but this core menu transformation, we think, will also help it in addition to the other things we're doing to maintain sales momentum, remodels, new advertising campaigns, service improvements, et cetera.
Andrew H. Madsen: And the only other thing I'd add is that we're adjusting the balance in our promotions, as I said, to be more single-mindedly focused on affordability at Olive Garden just in starting this year just like we did a year ago -- a little more than a year ago at Red Lobster, which we think is going to resonate very strongly in current environment. And the testing that we've done on the 2 for $25 offer that starts next week is substantially stronger than the carbonara ravioli promotion that it's going to be lapping from a year ago in the first quarter.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, and I would say as we look at new restaurant performance, so we've got a hurdle that those new restaurants have to achieve in order to deliver an appropriate return on capital, a value-creating return. Olive Garden from an earnings perspective, its new restaurants are delivering earnings at 150% of our hurdle rate. And so new restaurants are performing at a pretty high level. So we feel good about continuing to expand.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, I think, Joe, we'll stick with the full year. I mean what we've learned over the last several years is that there's tremendous variability across the year, and so you had really strong sales results at Red Lobster first quarter last year, weak earnings results because of the variability in food costs. So you got variability in food costs, you got variability in consumer sentiment and so we think we're pretty comfortable with the annual outlook. Calling that from quarter-to-quarter gets more difficult and we think it's probably not helpful.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, I mean, the Olympics matter from a media planning perspective, a little expensive. The holiday shifts, it depends on consumer sentiment as much as anything else as to whether they matter or not, so that one’s a little more difficult to project.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, starting with the Olive Garden question, I guess I would ground our response in saying we believe the fundamentals in the business are still very strong so whether that's average unit volume or restaurant level returns, the way new units are performing, it's obviously the opportunity that we're focused on is more consistent same-restaurant sales growth. And the work we need to do to generate consistent same-restaurant sales growth takes some time. And we've been working on that for much of the past year changing promotion strategy, which has had a very strong impact when we did the 3-course meal for $12.95, not as strong in Taste of Tuscany. That has led us to say we need to continue on this new approach of having a different type of platform, but that platform idea needs to be more around affordability and we think that will help us next year. We've also been working on a new ad campaign that we think will break through more effectively, get noticed more readily, won't feel as expected. That's not in the market now. It will be in the market in the second quarter. We think we need to continue to evolve the menu. So beyond promotions, we need new advertising, new menu. We've been working on that core menu. We'll be taking a big step towards the future menu in the third quarter, but we'll have more to do following that. And remodel is important. So we think we're in a position to confirm that we've got the right design, the right investment level and to start accelerating remodels of roughly 430 Olive Garden restaurants starting in the second half. So we think we've identified what we need to do. We're confident in the initiatives that we're preparing to implement next year, and guests will start seeing more and more of it as the year unfolds.
Andrew H. Madsen: I think the biggest dynamic is that we experienced at all of our large casual dining brands, during 2012 we experienced a meaningful amount of menu mix, negative menu mix. So guests trading down to lower-priced items, ordering fewer appetizers, fewer desserts. And we think that, that step-down is going to moderate during fiscal 2013. So we wouldn't expect that negative trend in guest behavior to continue. And second, internally, we think we've gotten a little smarter in the way we merchandise items and in the way we bring news to the market that can help moderate that as well.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, and the dishes from a culinary development perspective are constructed so that they have margin that we feel pretty comfortable with.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, I think in our prepared comments we may have given you the impression that the difference between pricing and check is significantly greater than it really is. So our pricing is very modestly below 2%, and our check growth is very modestly above 2%. So essentially, we're expecting our check growth to equal pricing this year. And when you think about a 2 for $25 offer, that's $12.50 per guest. By the time you add a beverage, you're at $15.50. You're very close to the Olive Garden's kind of roughly $16 menu average. So it's really a very modest investment in check.
Andrew H. Madsen: No, the Red Lobster menu has been in the market for several months. The Olive Garden menu is in the market now, and we've got plenty of experience with a promotion like 2 for $25 that would support what I was suggesting before that by the time people add a beverage, you're very close to our average ticket.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, first of all, I'd say that our confidence in Olive Garden improving same-restaurant sales next year is really driven by several initiatives that will be hitting the market. So it's important to think about a very different promotion strategy with a more single-minded focus on affordability in these -- in the platforms that we advertise, a new advertising campaign and a new menu. In terms of new menu, we've done extensive testing on what sort of dishes consumers are interested in conceptually, both more approachable dishes with more approachable price points and more distinctive dishes for a different consumer, different consumer audience. We've developed and tested those dishes to make sure that people are satisfied when they order them, and now we're testing the combined impact of those new dishes on the menu in the market now. And that's why we're introducing it in the third quarter, not in the first quarter this fiscal year because we want to make sure that guests find it compelling, our operators can execute it at a high level and that combined with the new ad campaign and the promotions that we're talking about, it does contribute to consistent profitable same-restaurant sales growth.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, we had 2 promotions in the fourth quarter at Red Lobster that we think weren't as powerful as they could have been because of affordability. Lobsterfest is just, by nature, a more premium priced promotion and then the Festival of Shrimp is the promotion you're referring to. And it demonstrates the need for balance in our promotions, which we're going to continue to have next year also emphasizes the need for more approachability in prices on our core menu. I think Clarence mentioned this earlier. But if we’re doing at Red Lobster $3.6 million or $3.7 million a unit, 85% plus of that is coming from the base menu. So we need to make sure if we're addressing affordability that, that everyday affordability is available, which is what the second quarter menu introduction is designed to complement in addition to promotion.
Andrew H. Madsen: Sure. And I would say in fiscal '12, we had a very significant cost-reduction initiative on top of some of the transformative cost-reduction initiatives that we've had going multi-year now. And so that is indeed the fact. And the compensation swings reflect people performance. I mean we missed our initial targets for the year fairly significantly and that's reflected in incentives from the top all the way down through the restaurants as we reset to normalized levels with an expectation that we will hit our plan and pay out at normalized levels as you said -- as Brad said, that's worth about $0.15 a share. So fairly significant swing.
Andrew H. Madsen: That's the fundamental difference. In the 2 for $20 offers that are out there, it's 2 entrées and an appetizer typically. This is 2 entrées, an appetizer or a dessert plus unlimited soup or salad and breadsticks at the start of the meal. And when we tested -- we've changed our testing methodology conceptually to reflect the fact that it's just a much more promotional environment. So in addition to getting a sense for how these concepts and promotion platforms rank against what we've done historically, we've also added a number of competitive benchmarks into our testing. And the 2 for $25 that includes unlimited soup and salad in addition to an appetizer or dessert and 2 entrées is statistically more compelling than the competitive options out there.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, it's not really pushed back. We've been thinking about introducing it in the second or third quarter for some time. And so now with where we stand in development and getting a read in market, we're more comfortable with the third quarter.
Will Slabaugh: Just curious if there's anywhere else outside of that Red Lobster promotion that you mentioned where you felt like the price increase is too aggressive. And I guess on the back of that, if you actually plan on peeling that back a little bit and again if that would apply anywhere else.
Will Slabaugh: Okay. And then just a clarification question quickly on the incentive comp that you mentioned. If I heard you correctly, there will be increase in fiscal '13 cost around $0.14. Just curious on the dynamics there considering it looks like you had better control over performance at least in the fiscal '12 year than you're guiding for in fiscal '13. So just any color around that would be appreciated.
Will Slabaugh: With respect to sort of your guidance I guess your top line hasn't changed from the historical pace. Commodity costs are coming down yet the earnings growth of 8% to 12% is below that -- below your goal. I guess is that to then read through that even if top line growth is sort of in line with overall historical pace, the substitution of expansion in place of same-store sales, if this is a pattern, would relegate you sort of the 8% to 12%. I'm wondering if there's something you need to...
