Clarence Otis: Thank you, Brad. And so we think that we have a very strong competitive position and that starts with a well positioned, much better positioned portfolio brand that can deliver balanced same restaurant, new restaurant sales growth which will leverage our operating support and restaurant support cost. We are committed to proactive, ongoing, cost optimization to amplify the leverage that we get from growing sales and ensure consistent margin expansion and earrings growth that will result in consistently strong cash flow growth to support meaningful ongoing return to capital shareholders again through dividends and share repurchase. And more than sufficient operating cash flow to address the emerging trends as they develop. With this competitive position, we are confident that we can return to industry leading financial performance with on a sustained basis mid-to-high single digit annual sales growth, low-to-mid teen annual operating income growth, and $350 million or more in annual return of capital to shareholders. So with that, we will open it up for your questions. Thank you.
Clarence Otis: The new restaurant piece obviously of the capital budget is discretionary and we demonstrated that with the scale back that we accomplished in fiscal ’14 on the new restaurant side.
Clarence Otis: And I would say also Brian, as we look into fiscal 2015, with the slowdown in unit growth at LongHorn and there are a lot of new restaurant opening expenses not just direct from the restaurant opening expenses but manager training, all those sorts of things, in the model that will be a lot lower in ’15 than they were in ’14 with the unit growth pace cut in half.
Clarence Otis: I’ll start, on the remodel side, I think what Gene was saying is that the restaurants that have not been remodeled are the ones that are in need of a remodel are lagging by about 2 points, now we’ve had some remodels in the past that have had a lift of 3, 4 percentage points but we paused on them because we believe that they really didn’t have the kind of shelf life going forward that we needed, that they didn’t make dramatic enough change, and so we would hope that, this new remodel, and again it’s too early to tell but at least 2% to 3% to 4% and perhaps more than that. And then on Alvarez and Marsal, they’re working to identify four wall opportunities, but Dave George and the team at Olive Garden have been working on that as well. And so to some of the simplification work that they have done, they have taken out about $20 million of cost on an annualized basis and they’ve reinvested a significant amount of that in food quality and some of the other things that Gene mentioned already.
Clarence Otis: So, I will start. I would just say promotionally June lines up pretty well year-over-year and so we don’t have a lot of promotional noise in the June to-date numbers, but June we might wind up.
Clarence Otis: Well, we’ll get it to five in the fiscal year and I’m looking up your question there, fourth quarter.
Clarence Otis: In the G&A line there I think maybe to the heart what you giving as we look forward. We talk about a flat G&A at 5% with the opportunity in ’15 as we get through more the A&M work and things we’re doing to take that even lower. In the year, but at a flat 5%, that’s implying an absolute reduction of well over a $100 million of G&As and granted there is about say 75 million of that, that is either allocated or directly within Red Lobster that goes away. There are some stranded G&As of about $20 million, which says we’ve already got well over $50 million of G&A reductions that stays within the Darden continuing operations and more than offsets the stranded G&A cost over there. So we were really pleased with the progress and those plans are largely all in place and delivering the expected results. 
Clarence Otis: Well let me start it out and then I will turn it over to Clarence. I think even if you look at the guidance that we have -- our expectations for fiscal 2015, on the composition of same restaurant sales growth that we have, a cost environment, where commodity costs are in that 2% to 3% range. Through all that we’re still able to generate what I call a core operating profit growth of 10% to 15%. That’s pretty significant. There is a little bit of unit growth but a much more moderated pace that we think is appropriate for our businesses and for a large chain. And then, with that there’s strong cash flows that will allow us to begin growing the dividend and repurchase shares so that those repurchased shares also aid EPS growth as well as its how you get into that low double digit mid-teen range.
Clarence Otis: And I would say the portfolio of new Darden, in an industry that’s challenged is strongly positioned against the healthiest parts of the industry. So when you look at Olive garden and LongHorn, but also the specialty restaurants strongly positioned against the healthiest parts. The brands also have very strong -- in the new Darden X Red Lobster very strong, restaurant level returns and with the support cost activities that we’ve had, we’re able to realize a lot of that restaurant level return.
Eugene Lee: The initial results I gave on the remodel were just the one restaurant we have up at Fort Walton Beach and it’s obviously very-very early, but we can isolate that restaurant to see what happened, it will be a little bit more time before we have a good what I can say statistically significant sample. As far as the underperformers, you always have a bottom quartile. What we try to do is get to the bottom quintile and then subdivide that even more, get this down to like 50 restaurants that are really having a significant impact on the system. I would say they’re between 7% and 10% below the system average. And the characteristics around them are; first, majority of them are older restaurants that haven’t been renovated, we have probably weaker management teams there, our attributes, our ratings on prudent service aren’t close to the system average. And it’s really getting back to some really restaurant basics in there and ensuring that we’re delivering the guest experience.
Eugene Lee: And I would add that on, from A&M’s perspective where they really were able to help us is on the marketing side, help accelerate our attack on nonworking media cost, and so that’s been a big help and we think there is big dollars there. And there is some other marketing ideas that they have that we’re planning on implementing I think those are all going to be cost saves.
Eugene Lee: I think that was just a monthly skew where we were out there in May with our classic promotion at $10 and last year we had a different type of promotion that didn’t impact check averages as much. I was pleased with May’s results even though we did have a mix change. I thought getting our classics which represented close to 20% of the sales in the May into our guest, on the table for our guest was a really good thing to remind them about some of the reasons why they really love Olive Garden and I think that momentum is carrying on through June.
Eugene Lee: Yes, we may have to get back to you with this John perhaps flipping through some pages, but we’ll get back to you. I think for the full year it’s 5%, so we expect to get to that level pretty quickly.
Bradford Richmond: Yes, and on margins, we expect Olive Garden to expand at -- at Olive Garden not as much as the other businesses and to your point really driven by same restaurant sales, but they would still have margins that increase in the 20 to 25 basis point range. And even across Darden with the work that we’ve done on the G&A cost the things that we’ve talked about some in the marketing or selling area as well as what’s driven by the same restaurants sales. And the cost environments were -- the cost pressures that I mentioned are not too severe. We were able to greatly mitigate those when you look even across Darden you’re looking that operating profit margins will expand in that 20 to 50 basis points range depending on which end of the guidance that, that you look at.
Bradford Richmond: It includes it for the approximate period that we would own that business still, so you know that’ll be just part of the first quarter.
Bradford Richmond: Obviously as we look to fiscal 2015 there is contributions in cash flows from these other items but also the reduction in CapEx that we’ve done, leaves sufficient room for us to maintain our 2.20 targeted dividend. From there I think the platform that we’ve laid out, the initiatives we have underway, earnings will grow and so the contributions from operating cash flow would grow and continue to allow us to have a $2.20 dividend and depending on the rate of those earnings growth the opportunity to modestly to start growing that dividend rate beyond 2015.
Bradford Richmond: Yes, we see sufficient room to make the adjustments that we need to make to maintain the dividend to work at our debt metrics as well to have that investment’s credit profile, so we see the ability to do both really.
Bradford Richmond: LongHorn profitability, I mean it continues to grow fuelled a lot by the unit growth, we do see the margins there expanding, their particular brand performance is a little bit muted by the elevated beef cost and we see those continuing but still good progress from that brand, new unit growth is profitable and when you have same restaurant sales growth as strong as they do well above industry average, we’re able to leverage those as well. 
Bradford Richmond: David, I would say that we’ve been working hard to gain guest count momentum. If you look back in the fourth quarter, guest counts in March were down 61 affected somewhat by weather April 35, May rolling down 17 and the majority of that was one week when we had some promotional transitional issues, but June’s comes back and been pretty solid. We think it’s just a result of the focused efforts that we put on this brand from an operational standpoint from food service. We think our advertises are getting a little sharper a little bit more focused again it just -- I don’t think we’re on a straight line up to 3% to 4% comps, but I do think that we’re putting in the effort and we’re making some improvement and the guests are telling us that by coming to our restaurants more often.
Bradford Richmond: Well, first on the 3.7 times, that’s adjusted debt-to-adjusted capital. So we’re treating those operating leases as debt equivalents, which they are. That’s the range of the end of fiscal ’14. The outlook that we’ve laid out here gets us to 3 times, 3.0 times into fiscal ’15. And so that’s our expectations there. Like so the other key thing is the cash flows and to a degree there’s shortages on the operating cash flow as Clarence outlined earlier is that we’ve clearly demonstrated our willingness and ability to work on the CapEx side, particularly around new unit growth. And so that would be obviously the first item that we would look to. Olive Garden remodeled CapEx. We know it was very important. That delivers results that we’re anticipating. We would probably keep that in there. That would be hard to touch and obviously, maintenance CapEx. There’s pretty significant operating cash flows. We want to protect that as well. So the real opportunity is around new unit CapEx and the others would be more difficult for us to change but if needed, we could.
Bradford Richmond: Wait a second let me finish that question. I misunderstood, the 3.7 is the reported number at the end of fiscal year that does not include unit reduction. That’s based on our reported numbers.
