Eugene I. Lee: Thanks, Brad. And before we move to Q&A, I want to share a couple of final thoughts. As we disclosed this morning, Brad has agreed to stay on as our CFO through the end of July in order to ensure a smooth transition. I want to thank Brad for his flexibility and his significant contributions during this transition period. We've engaged Chris Kohler Associates (19:08) and the search for a new CFO is well under way. This comprehensive search will include both internal and external candidates. Finally, I want to recognize our team members that were an integral part of our performance this quarter. One of the key cultural shifts I set out to effect over a year ago was for our employees to put the guest first. I see this renewed enthusiasm and cultural shift taking hold, and I'm delighted to see this dramatic change throughout our restaurant teams and here at the support center. I am confident that we can return Darden to being the premiere full-service dining company, and for that, I want to sincerely thank all of our 150,000 plus team members for embracing what makes us special, our ability to impact the special moments and experiences our guests entrust to us. Thank you for your support and for your contribution to our results this quarter. Now let's open the mic for questions.
Eugene I. Lee: Jeff, when I look at the quarter, I think there's a lot of positives in the Olive Garden performance. And I want to go back to what I was talking about in our prepared comments. And last year in this quarter, we over-invested in media and price pointed promotions, aggressively trying to drive traffic, and we came back this year with a much more balanced approach. And we brought our media spending back to the historical levels. We still had some price pointed promotions in the quarter, however, last year at this time, we had two in market the whole time, which drove some guests and some same-restaurant, not sales – I mean not same-restaurant sales growth, but drove guests. When I think about the quarter now, we underperformed the industry in December and January, but we outperformed the industry in February, and February is a very difficult month from a weather perspective. So I felt as though we built momentum through the quarter with this very balanced approach, where we were able to hang with the marketplace, the industry, but improve our margin structure and get it back to more of a historical norm. So when I think about the quarter, I think there are signs that we're really starting to make some improvement in Olive Garden.
Eugene I. Lee: Jeff, this is Gene. I'm going to take this question. As you did mention, all five of our brands in the SRG performed very well. We're very pleased with Yard House's performance, best quarter since joining Darden. Right now, our strategic focus is on two fronts. It's running our restaurants better, and second, it's the real estate. As I said last quarter, everything is still on the table. We will come back and analyze other strategic alternatives that are available to us but right now, we're focused on those two initiatives. And I also talked in the call about our Darden philosophy and how do we get back to using scale to be a competitive advantage and allow all our brands to have a advantage in the marketplace because they're part of Darden. And I think that's key to driving long-term shareholder value.
Eugene I. Lee: At this point, we have done no work at all at looking at refranchising. I don't want to go back and keep reiterating the same point, but we're focused on the real estate – creating value from our real estate asset to this point in time. Once we understand and move forward with that plan, we'll come back and revisit the other strategic alternatives that are available to us.
Eugene I. Lee: Matt, I think for the foreseeable future, we're going to see them as big box, high-volume restaurant operators. I think Yard House has a lot of runway when you look at our current footprint. Longer term, there could be an opportunity to use a smaller box to deliver that brand, similar to what I would call their most liked competitor out there that's working on that today. But I like these businesses because the P&L has less than 1% marketing expense in them, which allows us to really work the value equation from a different angle. And that's really around the food offering and the service we provide; and, to some extent, the atmosphere we create in these bigger boxes. And so, I see them as higher volume executions with the real value in the experience that we deliver in the restaurants, and using a little bit of marketing, but it's more of that CRM one-to-one type marketing versus a national advertising type campaign.
Eugene I. Lee: No, Matt. Everything is still on the table at this point in time. We're using these 31 properties that we've put out here really to inform our strategy going forward. What we do think is that this is going to be – there'll be multiple executions to maximize the value of the real estate. And so, we're not locked into one significant transaction, but we may end up doing one significant transaction. We are doing a very comprehensive review. We have great advisers that are helping us; and we're still evaluating our options very, very carefully. However, we're incredibly encouraged by the reaction in the marketplace for our properties. A well below 6% cap rate is pretty exciting.
Eugene I. Lee: Sara, I'll take the real estate question and Brad's looking up the answer for the marketing spend. What's different is that we're just taking a fresh look at this and a comprehensive look with a new set of advisors and looking at the marketplace and seeing what's available to us. We're encouraged at this point in time. We're moving away – or moving towards more of a asset-light approach to the business, if it makes financial sense; and I think that's how we're thinking about it, and it's what's a little different. These cap rates that we're getting for our properties today are below or better than what we thought we would get when we originally did analysis of this 12 months to 18 months ago. And so, we're just taking a fresh look at what the possibilities are.
Eugene I. Lee: John, I would say that we're pleased with the progress we've made to identify these cost saves at $90 million to $100 million, but we're just starting. We think the next level of cost reductions are going to be more entailed around process improvement and changing the way we approach a lot of our work. We haven't really gone back and focused on trying to match up what was said by Starboard, and what we're doing today. We've just taken a fresh look at the business, and we're trying to get costs out. There's been an intense focus on areas that are non-consumer-facing, and that's what – that's where our focus has been through the last nine months is, how do we take costs out that will not affect the overall experience for the guest. And that's what I'm most pleased with, is that this $100 million is coming out of our business, and the guest will not feel any of it. And so once we – we will continue to look for additional cost saves, additional process improvement, and try to drive this number as high as we possibly can. It gets back to the Darden support philosophy: Scale is going to drive a competitive advantage for our brands. And how do we use that scale effectively every day to give our brand an advantage in the marketplace.
Eugene I. Lee: Dave, I think there's going to be pressure on traffic for the next six months, as we were aggressively trying to grow traffic last year, and doing it in a way that wasn't good for the overall business. I'm pleased with the trend against the industry throughout the quarter, we're basically on the industry for traffic standpoint in February. The other thing, when you look at our traffic numbers, is you have to remember all this large party takeout food that we're selling, it's 60 basis points effect on the traffic number, because we're not counting those as entrees at all, so it's not in our traffic number and I expect that to continue to grow. I mean that's a part of the business we're putting a lot of pressure on but we're not giving ourselves any guest counts for that. And the reasons for that is it really would – the way we do our labor planning and the success that we're having with that right now, we think that changing the way we calculate our guest counts could have a negative impact in the short term on our execution. But back to your question, we know we've got to change the momentum in guest traffic as we move forward, but we're not going to do it at all costs. We have a wonderful P&L at Olive Garden, a wonderful business model and we need to keep it more in balance. And the one thing that we're seeing from the consumer today is we are seeing the consumer's willingness to buy less on deal and actually for the first time in a very long time, we're seeing alcoholic beverage sales growth, we are seeing add-on sales growth, we are seeing more dessert sales. All these dynamics are coming together at once, and is really helping the Olive Garden business model. So I'm putting a lot of pressure on the operating team and the marketing team to grow guest counts, but at the same time, we're going to focus on growing guest counts the right way. We're not going to over-invest like we did last year, as we move back to a much more balanced approach with historical media spends.
Eugene I. Lee: Yeah, that's the point I was trying to make is that we are seeing a little bit healthier of a consumer. We're not seeing a direct impact on traffic, as you think back to discretionary income increasing, but we are seeing for the first time through Crest Data, through our own data, the guest is buying less on deal, and that's allowing us to grow our check average, and improve our overall profitability. We've been in this space for a long time. We've been trying to create value through deals for consumers to entice them to come see us and dine with us. I'm encouraged by what I'm seeing through what the consumer is purchasing on their visit. Some of it is that we're doing a better job giving them what they want through Bold Bites in LongHorn, some of the to-go activity in Olive Garden, we're doing a better job in Olive Garden with our wine tasting program. So I think it's a combination of better execution from our operational teams, but also the consumer today seems to be under a little less pressure and is willing to pay a little bit more for their product. And we're seeing it with our price pointed promotions. Our preference is down on our price pointed promotions compared to where they were even a year ago or two years ago. So people are buying less on deal.
Eugene I. Lee: No. I think, again, everything is still on the table and will be carefully evaluated. As we continue to move forward, we're going to have to look at the scale advantage that these restaurants in the Specialty brands do get from Darden. We have to look at the synergies that are created. We also have to look at the growth that the Specialty brands create for the overall Darden business. But, as I said, we are going to focus our strategic energies around capturing the value that's available to us in the real estate. And we will come back and fully analyze what is best for our shareholders, as it relates to what the brand portfolio mix is going forward.
Eugene I. Lee: Those were all fully-owned properties, and we have not received any proceeds. We've got these under contract, but we have not closed on any of them yet.
Eugene I. Lee: All right. Good questions, Howard. Let me start with new unit growth. I think as we look to 2016, I would expect to see a few less units in 2016 than we built in 2015. Longer term, it's too early for me to comment on what do we see for unit growth long-term. I think we have to do the work on what's the appropriate brand portfolio, what kind of growth vehicles are in the portfolio, how our businesses are performing. We're going to be very diligent on return on invested capital and our approach to building new restaurants. If we have a portfolio of restaurants that can return well above our cost of capital, and we believe we're in good consumer segments, then we're going to build restaurants. But first and foremost, we're going to ensure that we're returning the right return on investment. As far as the value of the real estate and is the Starboard a proxy for that, my thought on that is that we're still evaluating carefully, and thoughtfully, and methodically what's available to us in the value creation that we have available to us. I would – I suggest that you wait to we come out with our plan, and hopefully, we will be able to get that done within the next quarter or two quarters. And at that point in time, we will define what value we expect to receive from the real estate, and whether that's one transaction, multiple transactions, is it a real estate plan over time. Let us come to you with our plan and that will inform what the ultimate value of the real estate is. As far as when we give guidance for 2016 in June, will we be in a position to give more of a longer term outlook for the organization. The short answer to that is, I'm not sure that we're going to be in a position at that time to have totally figured out directionally where we're going with all the strategic initiatives that are there in front of us. When that gets into brand portfolio, that gets in is there some franchising, is there some refranchising, how's international going to play in that. And so I think June is going to be a little bit early to really define a long-term outlook. However, I do believe that we'll be able to give you a glimpse into, directionally, where we think we're going at that time.
Eugene I. Lee: Thanks, David. A couple things that aren't visible. We think that one of the biggest moves that we've made to improve the operations at Olive Garden is to align our organizational structure with less layers. We are communicating, Dave and his team are much closer to the front line today. Communication has improved dramatically. We are seeing instantaneous movement in the focus areas of the operations teams. And that, to me, is one positive sign. The fact that we have this $9.99 price point on the menu every day, that defines everyday value, that was missing in Olive Garden. And we're seeing a clientele develop in that menu category that we actually weren't anticipating. And the customization of that product is something that the Millennials are really attracted to, and so we think that's a platform that we can continue to beef up. To-go is an exciting piece of the business, and I'm really excited about to-go, and we have got a product and a platform in Olive Garden that is meeting a huge need for the consumer, which is convenience. We've gone from this approach where we're trying to drive people into our restaurants and people today are less likely to, over time, want to come every single day to the restaurant, but they want to use your product. And we've been able to meet the consumer with this to-go program where the consumer wants to be met. And we originally thought this was, we could move takeout from 8% of sales to maybe 12% of sales. We're starting to think that this is a huge opportunity. And 20% of our sales could come from takeout in the future in Olive Garden. And the satisfaction level of the consumer that's using this product is really, really, really high. We are over delivering on takeout, and some of that is just that our product travels so well. But the last thing that I'd bring you back to is that Olive Garden will serve more guests this year than we've ever served in the history of the brand. And So some of that is coming from our new restaurant development over the years, but we continue to gain market share in all of casual dining and for me, that tells me the relevance of this brand. And the last thing I would leave you with on Olive Garden is, we are over-indexing with Millennials, and Millennials are really attracted to this brand, and we need to find ways to allow them to use the Olive Garden brand the way they see fit.
Eugene I. Lee: Morning, Paul. We're planning on trying to price Olive Garden slightly below the industry and to continue to grow our value leadership position. We'll give more guidance or more expectations in our June call on what the commodity basket will look like next year. However, I will say for Olive Garden, we will obviously have less pressure in dairy, which had a big impact on the P&L throughout the majority of the year, but our expectation for next year and into the future is to price Olive Garden slightly below the industry in order to regain and continue to be the value leader in casual dining.
Eugene I. Lee: Yes. When you look at our press release, we break that out. So you look at February, for example, we had 1.8% in pricing, and 2.8% in menu-mix, with 0.6% of that menu mix just being attributed to the bulk takeout orders that we're selling.
Eugene I. Lee: No, I think there's going to be balance. I think we're going to continue to look at what we can do from a cost save standpoint, what we can do from an efficiency standpoint. Long term, when Olive Garden is at its best, it is the clear-cut value leader in all of casual dining. We lost that position over time over the last few years as we took more price than we should have been taking. And now, we are very conscious of maintaining that value leadership, and we will continue to look for other ways, other than just pricing, to offset inflation.
Eugene I. Lee: When I look at the margins on the takeout business, especially as we move people to the bulk ordering, the margins are actually better. Because when you're doing bulk ordering, you're having less packaging. It's actually much easier to prepare, if we're just selling you a big sheet of lasagna and a big bowl of salad. And so we think the margins on that part of the business are better. As we start to work more towards catering, we think we will have good margins in that. The check average on the online ordering is up 30%, vis-à-vis someone calling over the telephone or ordering in line. So we believe that our margins are protected at this point on to-go. They're not enhanced, obviously, because you lose the alcoholic beverage, so on and so forth. But we do have teams working on, how do we create a more comprehensive to-go experience. And can we – are we able to sell some beverages along with that experience, how else can we enhance that to ensure that we maybe actually increase. This is a different guest occasion, and we've got a team that's working on it and thinking about it differently than how we run our in store operations. This is a huge opportunity. It is a need state that the consumer needs to be filled, and Olive Garden is meeting the consumer where they want to be. And we can do that because of the product that we serve
Eugene I. Lee: Okay, so thank you all for your attention and great questions. I want to remind you that we expect to release our fourth quarter results on Tuesday, June 23, before the market opens, followed by a conference call. We look forward to speaking with all of you again, and have a great weekend.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah. And on the marketing question, Sara, it's down around 20% or maybe just a tad north of there. I think more importantly, if you look historically over time for the third quarter, which is seasonally (32:06) our best quarter, we're getting back to a typical support level for marketing that we need for that quarter, and we like that. We think for that particular quarter, it's somewhere in – that's in the sustainable range. We've also talked in the past about some of our initiatives around the non-working or the non-media part of that expense, around the agencies and production cost and things like that. We started that initiative a few months ago. It continues to build. So that's also a part of the driver of that reduced expense.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah. We'd expect to see benefits there, particularly on the non-working part. That will continue, because a lot of those are long-dated contracts. That may take us a full year to realize that. But we will, each quarter, look at the business, the normal seasonality that we have there. Just like as we move to the fourth quarter, we know we have to advertise a little bit more to get the sales in. That's just kind of the cadence of the business. So on a sequential basis, it will move up some, but we're continuing to right-size that as we get into each new quarter.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah. This is Brad here, John. And we have lots of history here, and two things that we need to look at is, what is the level of media support that we need to effectively communicate our message. And the other part of that is the non-working piece. We believe, and we've talked about in the past, there's significant opportunity in the non-working piece of that. If you look at our total marketing expense, it's gone to that non-working being over 20%, we think the mid teens is a better place to be. That's spending at the right level. And then, as Gene talked about earlier, the media. What message are we supporting? Or in some cases, as we've done, we supported multiple messages. I think we've gone through that. We know we should be focusing on one primary message at the right level there. So that will continue to evolve, but it probably puts marketing in a low 4% range. And when you look at Olive Garden's particular model and the high AUVs that it drives, part of that is what the marketing does for that brand. And given their cost structure, it's well worth it to make those investments in marketing to improve the absolute dollars that they're generating in that business.
C. Bradford Richmond: David, I think our plan is, first and foremost, is to improve our credit metrics to ensure that we maintain investment-grade credit profile. We will then use the proceeds and cash from operations to ensure we set up our balance sheet appropriately. We want to keep the capital structure in balance and over time, that should lift shareholder value. We see this as a bigger than just a treasury function. We see this is really moving to a more asset-light approach and setting up our capital structure in a way that we can get the greatest return for our shareholder. One thing that I want to keep coming back to is that these properties we're selling, we're selling them at market rents with strong lease terms for OpCo, so we think this is – again, we're using this just to inform us on a broader real estate strategy.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah, for the entire quarter for our large brands, it's approximately 100 basis points. And on a month by month basis, December was impacted by about 210 basis points, January was adversely impacted by 110 basis points. In February, it actually reversed on a year-over-year basis, and there was 30 basis points hurting us this year. So, just to repeat that, we were benefited by 210 basis points in December, 110 basis points in January but adversely affected by 30 points in February and the total adds up to about 100 basis points.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah. The G&A portion only was what I was talking about, that's 20 points better, and 100 basis points for the marketing, so that's what you should see on the slides. And I think -- and you asked what were the adjustments. Let me go to the press release there. They were around – for the quarter, we had some strategic action costs principally related to the real estate assistance that we're having there, and also as a part of our real estate move, we had some excess land that we impaired the value of those. And you can see those detailed further in the press release.
C. Bradford Richmond: Well, first off, to this year and the tax rate that we expect, and we have been detailing those both on a GAAP reported basis and on a performance adjusted basis. And on the performance piece, I think, is really where you're going that we're looking at 16%. That is a little bit lower than where we see the tax rate. So at more normalized EBT levels, that's probably in the 20% to 25% range is where we would see. And I know over the years we've tried to communicate the advantages that our business model has, being all company-owned; and our scale gives us a lot of opportunities for tax planning, programs that we can implement, systems that we can build to make sure we capture those credits that makes it easier, non-intrusive to the operators. And so, things around food donation, things about employment credits. That being an all company-owned model, those all accrue to us. So when I do our work here doing long-term planning, I'm putting that, depending on the EBIT level, between a 20% and 25% effective tax rate.
C. Bradford Richmond: This is Brad. And what I would say is we think it's very important to get all this right. And so, we want to get further into our work on the real estate process, so we know the size and the form of what that activity may be before we look at deploying the $430-million odd that we have on our balance sheet. But what we are focused on is continuing to improve our credit profile; also, looking at all the options that we have around the real estate; and to utilize this cash to improve our shareholder value creation. And so, I think – I should just step back for a moment and just talk about the power generation of our business model continues to be strong. You can see with same-restaurant sales growth, growing the top line, the improvements that we have made in our margin, the model generates a lot of cash. And so, we need to get further in the real estate process, but the key focus is to continue to improve our credit profile and increase shareholder value. And we'll talk more about how we'll do that in June. I think part of your question was indications on CapEx for next year. It's really too early to say on that, but you have seen us over time moderating the CapEx for new restaurants and all that. That will continue to moderate some. But beyond that, we're still working through, as you mentioned, remodels. Might there be other opportunities that'd be very appropriate for us to pursue, we're leaving all those options on the table at this point.
C. Bradford Richmond: Right. So the numbers I gave earlier are on a status quo basis, if you will. And so, those are, as we own and operate the business today, the actions that we're looking at, like you said in real estate, those will be all comprehensive. So we would look at the value they're going to create, which, like you said, if it's moving some of that out, there should be other reductions in the dollars we spend to support those activities. But those aren't encompassed in our savings. These are, I like to say, status quo, as we're operating the business today.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah. Keith, Brad here. You're bringing in all the things that we're thinking about. We have a few others, but we do believe – I believe for some time and continue to believe, even with the extensive discussion about Darden and where we want to be and the things we think we can accomplish, that an investment grade credit profile, as we look at it today, is one of those key elements. To your point, improving base business helps the credit profile a lot, and so we continue to look at that. As we talk about the work we're doing in the real estate process, we want to make sure that as we do that, that it's consistent with that goal that we have. And so the real estate actions that we're talking about are not just for the credit profile. It's one of the requirements that we have on ourself, but we want to, as a part of that, ensure that our credit profile is moving in the direction that we think it should be. We have seen over time that the advantages that come with that, the access to capital at lower cost, is a competitive advantage for us, and we want to retain that with where we see ourself today.
C. Bradford Richmond: I think – when I look at the real estate and where we are in the process, it's hard to be definitive as to exactly what's going to come out of that. And so I'm trying to be cautious to talk about the investment-grade credit profile, which is high on our list of things that we want to accomplish. And we haven't really talked about the size of what the real estate deal will be. We'll do it to the point where it makes sense, and there's different forms that it could take. And so as we have more clarity with that information, I can probably answer your question a lot better other than knowing the priorities that we have in terms of increasing value to our shareholders and improving our credit metrics, as we do all this work, those are two of our guiding principles.
