Clarence Otis: Yes, we've actually -- we've been really reviewing the business pretty comprehensively for some time now. And it reflects what we've been seeing in the industry. And so last year was disappointingly -- our last fiscal year, from an industry perspective, disappointingly weak. So the same-restaurant results less than 1% coming after a year that was not particularly strong. We had anticipated something stronger than that. And we also, as we put our plan together for this year, assumed that this year would look like last year. So we did not assume improvement. We thought that was a relatively conservative assumption. And as the year unfolded, it's been even weaker than last year. And in the face of all of that, we've been looking pretty comprehensively at our plan. We've been talking to a lot of our long-term shareholders, and we've been thinking about various alternatives that might make sense in terms of adjustments to our plan. And Red Lobster's been part of that thinking. The separation Red Lobster has been part of it. Our new unit expansion pace has been part of that thinking, and support cost reduction has been part of that thinking. We got further along faster on the support cost reduction part, and so we announced that a little bit in advance of the rest of it. But we've been looking at it for a while.
Clarence Otis: Yes, and I think a couple of thoughts. One is Gene talked about some of the things that Olive Garden has done as it tries to simplify operations. And the goal is twofold. I mean, one is to improve execution. And we believe we're doing that based upon the consumer satisfaction feedback that we're getting. And the second is to be more cost efficient in the restaurant. And some of those cost efficiencies are flowing through. Some of them we're reinvesting in the guest experience. But Olive Garden, for example, had an operating profit increase this quarter despite same-restaurant sales are a little bit below what we had anticipated. And some of those in-restaurant cost savings are part of that. We are further along at Olive Garden on that score than we are at LongHorn, but that's certainly a focus at LongHorn as well. And it will be more of a focus at Red Lobster.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I touched upon a little bit of it earlier. So I mean, the priorities really at Olive Garden away from unit growth are very similar to the priorities at the other brands. So we're trying to make sure we maintain relevance to our core consumers and that we broaden our reach to some other consumers that are in some pockets of strength. And we're seeing Olive Garden be able to do that. And so all the support that we have, the integrated support structure that works operationally for our other brands works operationally for Olive Garden. The other thing I would say is that Olive Garden has always been, and is today, a significant piece of the Darden story. So that doesn't change. Olive Garden's sales and earnings results, though, are much less volatile than Red Lobster's. And so we don't see the same volatility going forward. And the other thing is that Olive Garden's cash flow growth as we stabilize same-restaurant sales, even without unit sales, is significant. And it really benefits the rest of the brands to have not just that absolute cash flow generation but that growth in cash flow. And it benefits shareholders because it drives growth, meaningful growth, along with the new unit growth at the balance of the business and free cash flow.
Clarence Otis: I'll start with the second and third and let Brad answer the first on real estate. And so there are -- there is some additional support cost that we would incur as a consequence of the separation. We are working to minimize those. So Red Lobster is going to be a lean organization as a standalone company. And Darden, excluding Red Lobster, would be a leaner organization beyond the cost savings that we've already announced. We're not in a position at this early stage really to give a sense of the magnitude of that. That is something that we will get into, though, as we get further along. But we feel confident that we can minimize those incremental support costs that come with having 2 companies. The third question was on incentives. So from an incentive perspective, right now, our incentives are driven by sales growth and earnings growth. So both our annual incentives and our multiyear performance stock units. And we would expect that same-restaurant sales would be part of the annual incentive as opposed to total sales. And then we are looking to have a measure of free cash flow growth for the multiyear, where we think that, that's appropriate as opposed to earnings per share. But there's still some work to do there from the board's perspective to settle on the specifics, and we'll update you on those as the board reaches some final conclusions.
Clarence Otis: Yes, we've been in dialogue with them. And so we've received some feedback. We're continuing to share information with them. Obviously, they're going to make their own determination. But we have a good track record from the past of working to take the actions that we think are necessary to preserve investment credit profile. We know it's very important from a strategic perspective. And so on the new Darden side, we will continue to work aggressively to ensure we retain that type of profile.
Clarence Otis: Well, as we conducted this review, one of the things we did was evaluate the potential for a REIT. And as we went through that evaluation, we believe that the value creation opportunity is limited. And we believe that, that's the case because the Darden REIT may trade at a lower multiple than others so the net lease REIT and the substantial debt breakage cost that are involved. And so that is not something that we think makes sense going forward. And we think the plan that we've outlined is a plan that best creates shareholder value.
Clarence Otis: No, I think it's really that we think the focus at Olive Garden needs to be on regaining same-restaurant momentum. And so this is a suspension really that would last the next 3 years at a minimum. So that's what we see. In terms of the ultimate unit potential, we think the ultimate unit potential is still much higher than where we are today. And the reason we think that is as we look at the units that Olive Garden's -- the new units that Olive Garden's opened over the last 4 years, they exceed -- despite the slump at the business overall in the last couple of years, those units still exceed our return hurdles from a return on capital investment perspective by a substantial amount. But the key priority right now is to make sure that the base business is as strong as possible. And we think that suspension of new unit growth is appropriate to do that. And we also think that it's appropriate because it boosts free cash flow and enables us to return more capital to shareholders near term and improve our credit metrics, both of which are very high priorities over the next several years.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I would say it's 2 different answers. So for Olive Garden, that's just timing. For Red Lobster, we believe there's an opportunity to reduce marketing as a percent of sales. Over the last couple of years, it's floated up higher than is sustainable. And that's going to be a key focus area for the new Red Lobster going forward. Olive Garden marketing as a percent sales is in a place that makes sense for a national brand.
Clarence Otis: Well, we think that the key at the New Darden really is to stabilize same-restaurant sales growth at Olive garden. And we are confident in the plan we've got to do that. We also will get past some of the onetime headwinds that we've got that have depressed earnings such as some of the incentive resets that we've talked about in the past. But we think the key really is to stabilize sales at Olive Garden. We're seeing improvement relative to competition. And so as we said, we're closing that gap. We've got other things in the pipeline that Gene talked about that give us confidence we'll continue to close it. At Red Lobster, we believe that the focus that they will get on target guests, on core guests, as a result of the separation will make a significant difference that they have been, along with the other brands, really trying to broaden the reach that works for the other brands. It's been working. They are broadening their reach. Red Lobster has not had success there. And so additional focus on core guests and away from sort of trying to broaden reach, we think, will help Red Lobster significantly.
Clarence Otis: That is still to be determined. So until we are further along in the audit work, of course, we can't answer yet. But we will provide that information as soon as it's available.
Clarence Otis: Yes, we don't want to get into the analysis. But as we look at comparable REITs, certainly you have to discount for the fact that there's very little -- no diversification, really, in a Darden REIT, and the debt breakage costs are hundreds of millions of dollars.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say a couple of things. One is that we don't think of it as a maximum, actually. We think there's opportunity. We'll be working hard against those opportunities through the separation process and afterwards. And it really is about being more cost efficient in the support areas that are not those areas where we're making -- we have made significant investments. So we have invested in some new capabilities in order to broaden our reach, digital capabilities, marketing capabilities. But the support cost away from that is where we're taking a very hard look and we think there's more opportunity. What I'd say just as a final piece is in terms of the new capabilities, we don't think that there is incremental investment that needs to be made. We've gotten where we need to be. And so at this point, it really is about getting the benefit of those additional capabilities.
Clarence Otis: And I would say the last thing is as we look out, some of the new marketing and digital capabilities that we've added, really our designed to enable us to have much more robust one-on-one conversations with guests. And as those scale up, we would expect our television marketing expenses to scale down dramatically. And so it is an upfront investment in really trying to meaningfully improve the business model down the road.
Clarence Otis: There's still a lot to be determined there as we work through this, but I would start with the new Darden piece. The importance of this investment-grade credit profile there, work very hard to maintain that and be in a position to continue that going forward. On the Red Lobster piece, as you've seen, barring a bit of near-term headwinds, its annual cash flows are quite substantial. They're pretty durable. And as we look at it, it's not going to have a need to fund growth. Its CapEx will be greatly reduced. And so it will have a debt load that probably positions it below investment-grade profile. So we're looking at it right now but not dramatically below that. And so still more to come on that. But that's how we view it as we look at it today.
Clarence Otis: Yes, you're getting quite detailed and quite technical. But yes, we have reviewed those. We've been well advised, and we are looking at exploring those options to make sure that we maximize shareholder value through this transaction. I'd say just stepping back a little bit from some of the finer points is we do expect this to be a tax-free exchange transaction for our shareholders, and we will take advantage of whatever planning opportunities are there to minimize debt cost, debt load for Red Lobster and make sure that we get the greatest shareholder value out of the opportunity as well.
Clarence Otis: Yes. And I'll start with the last 2. And so at LongHorn, it was very important for us to get to a scale where we could have national cable advertising, and we reached that scale. And to get to that scale, as you think about the balance between the pace of expansion and talent pipeline, we'll lean into expansion and take a little bit more risk on talent pipeline. Now that we're there, we feel like we don't have to take that risk on talent pipeline. So we want to be at a pace that really enables us to be pretty confident as we put the management teams in place, and we're there. In addition, as we said, we think that in the environment we're in, return of capital to shareholders is a more important value creation lever. And we like to improve our credit metrics, and slowing growth at LongHorn contributes to both of those. In terms of franchising, when we looked at the Olive Garden and the returns at Olive Garden, we like to own 100% of that return. I mean, it's the highest returning brand in our portfolio. Essentially, Olive Garden and Capital Grille, the 2 of them have the highest returns. And so we don't really see a whole lot of value creation in giving those returns to shareholders -- to franchisees. Red Lobster has a different return profile. It's got more variability in returns within its portfolio, and so franchising is something I'm sure that Brad and Kim will take a pretty hard look at.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I would point to 2 things real quickly. And that is around the reduced CapEx. We talked about a range of $100 million, maybe even a little bit above that. And so that provides a fair amount of flexibility. And as you've seen in this year's financial results, the second quarter, the operating CapEx, even in a tough environment like this, continues to grow and improve above prior years. So we've seen a couple of big levers to continue to improve operating cash flows outside of -- or excuse me, total cash flow outside of just the straight operating performance that we have.
Clarence Otis: Yes. We would look at that, and you'd see that greatly go to reducing debt, as well as the balance of that as return to our shareholders. We don't know exactly what form that would take at this point in time, and there's more to be learned. But we do know we need to work on both sides of the debt profile but also maintain a strong return to equity holders as well.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. I think first off, that speaks to the part of the earlier question. There's cost savings occurring in the restaurant. A lot of that is being reinvested beyond the $60 million that we talked about. But I would say from a margin perspective, it was pretty significant both in terms of the basis points. We don't get to brand specifics, but it was meaningful for us. And obviously, with the new unit growth, which those [ph] new unit growth, they're profitable sales growth, the magnitude of the absolute profit was something that we're pleased with the progress. As Gene said, we're excited with where we are and where we can go forward from here. So I'm feeling much better about where the brand is. And as Clarence mentioned earlier, they're further along than LongHorn in making some of these moves that we've talked about. So we're pleased.
C. Bradford Richmond: No, that's something we're in the process of right now. So we need to get to the audited process to really share those given the nature of what we're talking about. So it will be probably a couple of months out, but as soon as we have those available, we will start the share those with the investment community.
C. Bradford Richmond: Now on your first part of the question, we detailed some of that on Slide 7 of the presentation. So you can see, with where we are today of the 705 Red Lobsters, 473 of those would be where we own the real estate. So that's just a little under half of Darden today's owned property. So a lot of it will move to Red Lobster. The remainder of the Red Lobster units are virtually all land leased and that we own the building on those.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. What we're showing there, I should remind everyone, is unaudited financial results. So that's going to change some. But that's a good basis to work from. And as we talked about for the current year, the lower same-restaurant sales expectation of Red Lobster, there is about a flow-through that lowers sales expectations, 30% to 35%. And so to your point, it will be lower but not as dramatic lower as folks may think. And it tends to be an opinion of the impact of same-restaurant sales for Darden. 1% across all brands for an annual basis is about $32 million, $33 million in operating cash flow. So it is important to the health of the brand, but it's not as dramatic as its impact on the overall operating profit in the near term. So I'd just remind you that until we can get out and share more specific numbers on those measures.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, and your question on the field capabilities we've added, we have relooked at that and continue to modify the operations structure to become a little bit more efficient. But we are pleased with where we are operationally at this point from a structure standpoint.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. And well, let me just add one comment to Clarence's on the LongHorn pace. You've heard us talk about reaching national cable media. This is the first year now that they have that through all of their promotional cycles. And so that's why the timing of this one works out where it does. Like you said, it's the balance that we need given where we are in terms of unit growth and talent pipelines. On the sale leaseback, as Clarence mentioned earlier on, we have an ongoing discipline of looking and reviewing for strategic opportunities. And we've always seen in the past that sale-leaseback opportunities, given where Darden was and our access to lower-costing public company debt given our credit profile, they just haven't made sense. As a part of this review, we went back and looked at that again. And really, it hasn't changed a lot, and so it still doesn't make sense for us at this point. Like I said, it's a new opportunity for Red Lobster. We're going to review that even more in depth down the road, but nothing I would expect immediately. And we didn't see things that made sense. So it's not something that's high on our list right now. But we're always out there looking. And if conditions were to change, we would not hesitate to look at that.
