Jeff Davis: Thank you, Gene, and good morning everyone. I am excited to be a part of this outstanding organization. I look forward to the opportunity to work with many of you in the future. As Gene mentioned, we reported strong same restaurant sales of 3.4%, and as you saw on the release, there was monthly variability and sales performance. We report same restaurant sales on a fiscal calendar basis, and due to our 53rd week last year, its not on a comparable calendar basis. In addition to normal holiday shifts, this may create month-to-month variability in our reported results. However, during the first quarter, the monthly variability was completely offset by quarter end, and as a reminder, the upcoming thanksgiving holiday will be reported in our fiscal second quarter versus fiscal third quarter last year. Reviewing our earnings performance this quarter, adjusted EPS from continuing operations, more than doubled as adjusted EBIT margins expanded 330 basis points versus the prior year. This was partially driven by leveraging positive same restaurant sales. Other significant drivers on margin expansion were 170 basis points improvement in food and beverage expense, and 100 basis point improvement in restaurant expense. More specifically, we had significant year-over-year favorability in dairy costs at Olive Garden. We had six fewer weeks of deep discounted promotions at Olive Garden versus last year. We continued progress towards previously disclosed cost reduction initiatives. A 30 basis point improvement in workers compensation and public liability expense related to historical claims, and more efficient restaurant support, resulting in 30 basis point improvement in G&A versus last year. Moving below operating income, interest expense was considerably lower this year, as we lapped the $1 billion extinguishment of debt last year. Our effective tax rate was 130 basis points higher than last year. We expect the tax rate for the full year to be within 21% to 24% range we disclosed in June. From a balance sheet perspective, we received approximately $130 in proceeds related to the sale and leaseback of 33 restaurant properties, which are included in the 64 Gene mentioned earlier. These proceeds largely drove the increase in our cash balance for the quarter. Turning to segment performance, Olive Garden's segment profit margin of 20.3% grew by 410 basis points from leveraging their positive same restaurant sales, dairy cost favorability, fewer weeks of deep discounted promotions versus last year, and continued progress on cost reduction initiatives. LongHorn's segment profit margin remained flat at 14.9%, and a significant beef cost inflation offset sales leverage and cost reductions. Fine dining expanded segment profit margins by 100 basis points, as leverage from sales growth more than offset beef cost inflation. And finally in other business, Seasons 52 and Yard House significantly improved their profitability, resulting into 360 basis point improvement and segment profit margin. While we continue to expect margin expansion in the second half of the year, we anticipate that it will significantly moderate versus first half performance, as we lap margin improvement initiatives that begin in the third quarter of last year. Given the company's strong first quarter performance and our expectation for the remainder of the yea, we are increasing our outlook for fiscal 2016 full year adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations to range between $3.15 and $3.30 versus $3.05 and $3.20, previously announced in June. Our same restaurant sales expectation for the full year remains unchanged at 2% to 2.5%. We also remain on-track to deliver 18 to 22 new restaurants, with LongHorn and Yard House accounting for the majority of the openings. These expectations do not include the impact of any fiscal 2016 real estate transactions and related capital structure activities. However, as we approach the completion of the various real estate transactions, we will provide more details on the specific timing and impacts to our financial performance. And now I will turn it back over to Gene for some closing remarks.
Jeff Davis: Yes. As we think about the commodities basket and what we have seen and if we can take a look at what your question is about the full year. What we are seeing right now is, that we still expect our food and beverage costs to see inflation about 1%, 1.5% which was our original guidance for the year. The front part of the year, we are actually seeing a little more of that inflation on the expectation, as it would continue to wane, as we get through the second half of the year.
Jeff Davis: I would like to just go back to the fact that, one of the opportunities we have is to leverage our scale. And as we think about how we continue to look to our supplier base, to go out and continue looking at our contracts and using that scale to bring better costs to our overall organization.
Gene Lee: Thank you, Jeff. I want to close by reiterating that our intense focus on improving our food, service and our atmosphere continues to drive our positive business momentum, enabling us to capture market share, as our guest reward us by choosing our brands more frequently. We are excited about our progress, but we know we have a lot of work to do. Our restaurant teams and our support center staff at our restaurant support center are focused on the right priorities and the progress we are making is a direct result of their hardwork and commitment to creating memorable guest experiences. So thank you to our 150,000 team members who bring our business to life everyday, and now we will take your questions.
Gene Lee: Joe, it's Gene. I think its more coincidental and I think it has more to do with our fiscal calendar not matching up to what I would call, the operating calendar. As we ship, we have got some -- there is some noise in the data.
Gene Lee: Restaurant expenses, well first of all, we are getting some leverage from our sales growth. As Jeff mentioned in his comments, we had some favorability and historical claims on workers comp. We are also continuing to manage the non-consumer facing costs very aggressively and we continue through the work of PCG to bid a lot of work, and we are using our scale, as we talked about in the past, to bring down these costs. One of the big areas Joe is contract services.
Gene Lee: Yeah. Matt, as far as August goes -- again, this goes back to our fiscal calendar versus, what I would call the operating calendar comparison. The last week of August was a really bad fiscal comparison, which hurt the overall month, and as we look at it, we don't see a deceleration as we look at, what we would call, comparable comps, or true comps is what Malcolm refers to them. So we believe that the business is -- on an operating basis, didn't have as much variability as it shows -- as we report through the fiscal calendar. As far as the question on the REIT, we are really confident that our proposed transaction will satisfy all the requirements of applicable law, and we plan on moving forward and having this deal done by the end of the calendar year.
Gene Lee: Well I am not going to comment on the sales in September at this point in time. But it was the combination of the Labor Day pushback. You have heard some retailers talk about that, and also comparing, the fiscal calendar back. We are actually comparing it against the last week of our fiscal calendar, was comparing against a week that wasn't really in the center of August last year, and not towards the end of August. So those combinations really created for a tough fiscal comparison in the last week of August.
Gene Lee: Yeah, good question. Last year, in July, we ran three course, which is heavily discounted promotion, it was at $12.99. This year, our promotion was Build Your Own Tour, starting at $12.99 with add ons, so it had more of an effective price range in the $15 to $16 price point. And so that worked really -- really helped us, as far as our overall cost management, it helped our labor costs, it helped our costs, so on and so forth. We are going to -- and we look out into the future. We are going to continue to look for ways to modify the promotional calendar. At the end of August and right now, we are running buy one take one against buy one take one. We are going to run never ending pasta bowl against never ending pasta bowl. So there are times of the year, we think we still have to have a strong value message out there. But as I have mentioned in the past, the three course and the two for 25 constructs are nowhere near as effective as they were, 24, 36 months ago, and we are tying to move away from those constructs from a promotional standpoint.
Gene Lee: Yeah. For Olive Garden, half of our commodity favorability was dairy and shrimp. The other half was, primarily, menu mix, and we saw some improved waste which we can tie back to the simplification efforts that management has been working on for the last couple of years. Olive Garden, actually in the quarter had its best waste ever in the history of the brand, since we have been tracking. So very pleased with the operational improvements on the cost of sales side. On beef, as I have said in the past, beef year-over-year comparisons have a lot to do with when you contracted last year. We believe that we are going to start to have some positive advantages in LongHorn, as the beef market starts to weak, and especially, we expect to see some significant improvement in the back half of the year. But as we move into 2017, we think that the beef market is going to be a much better market for us.
Gene Lee: Yeah. I think the way we are thinking about it right now, is, how we are performing against the industry. We made great progress in the first quarter, as we -- our guest counts exceed the industry by 200 basis points. But I would caution everyone to say, that the industry did weaken from fourth quarter to first quarter. The industry was 100 basis points -- lost 100 basis points in momentum. So as we look out, I think there is two things that we are considering, what's the strength of the industry, and then what's the strength of the Olive Garden brand. And I believe, that we have strong momentum in Olive Garden right now. I think that we are executing at a very high level. I believe that the consumer is more aware of Olive Garden today than it was a year ago. I think we have done some pretty interesting marketing campaigns, and as we have looked out, we think that although the comparisons are a little bit more difficult -- they are a little bit more difficult on the sales side. We still had some weak guest counts in the back half of last year. So I think that we will continue to outperform the industry, as we move forward.
Gene Lee: We continue to make strong productivity improvements in the direct labor line. I think our overall direct labor performance was really strong in the first quarter. I think, the increases we saw were indirect labor. As last year, we weren't accruing a lot of bonus payouts, because the performance was weak. We had good performance in the first quarter, so the majority of the labor -- there was an increase. I believe, labor was actually slightly less than last year. But it was mostly in the indirect line, as we accrued bonuses for management. Wage pressure continues to be a problem. We will continue to monitor it, as we monitor the different states and the different cities and what they are doing with minimum wage. The job market is improving. We are seeing in certain markets today, becoming a little bit more difficult to hire help. So that will eventually put some pressure on our average wage. But right now, I believe that we are managing this very-very effectively.
Gene Lee: We will get back to you on those specifics. We will have Kevin get back to you on the specific G&A savings. It was 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter, but there are some savings in there and some offsets to those savings. But overall, we are making great progress with our G&A and we believe our run-rate G&A for the year will be somewhere between 4.6% and 4.8%.
Gene Lee: Jeff, we expect to still have margin improvement in Q3 and Q4, it just won't be at the same rate, as it has been, since the last half of 2015. So we made great margin improvements in Q3 and Q4. We obviously had great margin improvement in Q1. We expect that we will see some more significant margin improvement in Q2. But then its going to moderate in the back half of the year. When you look at a two year stack and we have it in the presentation, we expect there still to be margin improvement in the back half of the year. As we have stated, the big part of the earnings per share growth for the year will be in the first half of the year and we expect the second half of the year to moderate. Although, we still expect EPS to grow in the back half of the year.
Gene Lee: Yeah. I don't really want to comment too much on the segment. This segment -- however does continue to struggle. I just think that we have -- we have worked hard in Olive Garden over the last couple of years, to improve our overall value equation to the consumer. I believe that we have simplified the operation. We have added more value with the 9.99 [indiscernible] which is getting approximately 6% of sales today. We have more effectively communicated the appropriate message to our consumer, and don't underestimate what we are doing from a convenience standpoint, and really capitalizing on to really go; which I believe is exposing new guests to the Olive Garden experience, and its an experience that they really enjoy using Olive Garden for. When I think about those four things, I think that Olive Garden is executing at a high level, and it’s a culmination of a couple of year's worth of work.
Gene Lee: Yeah, its Gene. I think -- when we look at To Go sale, it is definitely having a big impact with the overall quarter for Olive Garden. We believe -- any cannibalization its creating from our diamond businesses, we are able to fill that with the extra demand that we have for the business. So To Go is representing about 9.5% of our sales today. We have seen a 40% increase in the large party To Go sales, which we think is a huge opportunity. And I would remind everyone on the call that, for our large party takeout To Go, we are not attributing any guests for us, and it really equates to approximately 50 basis points in guest traffic that we are not accounting for. Its all part of the strategy now to -- as the way we look at it is, its both -- what can we do in restaurant and what can we do from a takeout standpoint. We are testing delivery. We think that that is a large party delivery. We do think that's another avenue for us to really leverage, to meet the consumer's demand for this convenience. We just have a great brand in Olive Garden, because our food travels so well. It’s a great brand to take advantage of what the consumer wants today, and I think that says so much about its flexibility and so much about the strength of the brand that it can pivot from being an in-restaurant experience to a takeout experience and do really well. And then back to what I said earlier, I think it attracts a little bit of a different consumer.
Gene Lee: Most of the To Go orders today are still coming through the phone. We are incentivizing people to move over to the web. We are up approximately 20% online, and we continue to work to develop technology, to make it easier for our guests to access our web site, where we have introduced mobile, the adoption rate continues to rise. We know that when a consumer orders online, that their order is going -- the check average is going to be approximately 20% higher. So we are trying to incent more and more people to use that way of ordering, and hopefully over time, we can continue to get that to migrate closer to 50%, and even hopefully past that. And so we have got some technological things that I don't want to really get into a lot of detail for competitive reasons today, but we want to continue to enable our guests to be able to access Olive Garden from a takeout standpoint very easily.
Gene Lee: Yes. We are considering the best way to implement a loyalty program, and we think that we are in a unique position, because of our seven brands, and with that, we think we can offer something that others can't offer.  I don't want to get into a whole lot of details from a competitive standpoint, but it is something that the team is working on. And I would say that -- that's Rick Cardenas' top priority as the Chief Strategy Officer for Darden right now. He is developing an effective loyalty program across all our brands.
Gene Lee: I don't want to put a number out there, that I think that we are trying to get to. I think the competitive environment dictates that. I think the commodity environment will continue to have impact on it. What I do believe is that we can still grow our margins through a few levers. Obviously, being able to leverage same restaurant sales is the most important piece we can do. I think there is still work that can be done with our menus, that we can yield a better -- whether it’s a food cost percentage or a gross margin dollar at the food line. Chris, you know how I think about that and how I think about revenue management. I think that's important. I think there is work that can still be done there. I think there is sill more efficiency in labor, which could be offset by some headwinds with wage rates. But overall, I do think there is additional costs that can come out of the system. And so, I am not going to put a number out there, where we think we can get to. But I do think that there is still a lot of margin enhancement that can be accomplished over the next few years, with the primary focus being on leveraging same restaurant sales growth.
Gene Lee: When I look at the LongHorn history over the last 18 years, and I look at where beef prices are, compared to its history. I think the operating margins are okay, and I do think that they will improve dramatically as beef comes down. The real challenge, when I look at the LongHorn business and what I have charged Todd with is, is we have got to raise the average unit volumes, and we are at approximately 3.1 today, and I believe that -- even as well as the brand has performed over the last couple of years, we need to get those top line sales closer to 3.4 million, 3.5 million, and then the operating margins will be right line to where we want it to be.
Gene Lee: There is a lot in that question. Let me start off by saying that, we continually move the media mix every single quarter, to try to see which lever is working. So when you think about Olive Garden, you think about media mix. We have got promotional television, we have got brand television, we have got lunch television. We even got a little bit of a takeout now. And so, when we think about that, and so when we think about that, we are constantly moving how much we have in promotional, how much we have in brand, how much we have in lunch, to see which vehicle is driving the most guest comp. And so, we will continue to monitor that. We would expect our advertising spending throughout the rest of the year, to be slightly below last year, basically the same. And what we are doing there, is we are able to -- the big thing is, we are able to cover the inflation. That's what I have charged the team with is, how do we cover the 7% to 8% media inflation, and not raise our overall costs. We expect our all-in advertising to be really approximately -- a little bit less than 4.5% for Olive Garden, and we will leverage it down with the other brands from there. LongHorn is going to finish the year at around 3.5%.
Gene Lee: Yeah. The sale leaseback will have no impact on our refreshing our restaurants. We continue to be pleased with the initial 19 restaurants. We have got a good read on approximately 10 of those restaurants, and we are seeing approximately a 7% lift in those restaurants. We have got a couple of things going on right now, as I mentioned in the last call, we have this Olive Garden -- older colony [ph] Olive Garden of the future under development where, we are going to try to build an Olive Garden, that would be extremely -- obviously very competitive in 2025. And so, we believe through this process, as we redesign the Olive Garden of the future, not just similar to what was done back in the late 90s with the Tuscan farmhouse. We believe its going to become some inspiration in that process, that will help us with future remodels; and so, we are going to move forward and do another 25 this year. We have got restaurants out there that we think, it can significantly benefit from this capital investment. Dave is in the team of being very strategic in which restaurants they are refreshing. In those restaurants, there is some deferred maintenance that needs to be taken care of. And so we need to get in there and do those, before we get the inspiration from [indiscernible] Olive Garden in the future.
Gene Lee: I think the plan still is to do this by market, and each market has different needs and it depends on how many Revitalias we have in certain markets versus farmhouses. So I think that, there is a lot of efficiencies by doing the refreshes market-by-market, we can put one team in there to manage the process. So I would look for it to still be done on a market-to-market basis. As we look forward, we haven't really determined what the pace will be. We want to get some more -- continue to get learnings from this, and I think Olive Garden of the future, down and up in operating, and we get the inspiration from that. I think we will be in a better position to lay out exactly how we are going to move forward, refreshing these Revitalia restaurants.
Gene Lee: Sara, I am not sure I am going to subscribe to -- as the beef markets come back, we are going to have some top line pressure. I do think we are going to have some margin improvement with that. I think overall, the steakhouse category from a value standpoint has done a better job than the bar and grill and some of the other full service dinner houses, with the overall value equation. I think its something that over time Olive Garden had struggled with the price point for an entrée without protein, versus a protein centric entrée that a steakhouse restaurant is selling; and that was one of the real reasons we went back to [indiscernible] at $9.99. We felt we had to have something that competed effectively against the steakhouse category. And so, when I think about steakhouse, I think that there is a consumer out there that's a little financially healthier, that is opting into the steakhouse experience, because of the quality and the value that you're getting in that experience. I think that's what's driving that category right now. I think we have done a better job in the steakhouse category with culinary invention and creating overall value to the consumer.
Gene Lee: When we think about LongHorn, the issue is a little bit more geographic than overall brand. We have -- well LongHorn has a dominant market position and has a lot of legacy, we have had strong average unit volumes, we have had a little bit more growth in those markets. What's weighing on LongHorn today, is some of the newer development that has happened over the last couple of years. And longhorn has a history of taking a little bit longer to breaking in new markets and for the consumer to really understand the value equation of that brand. And so, the big challenge for LongHorn right now, is effectively competing in marketplaces, where there is a third or fourth steakhouse in the market. And our ramp up time is taking longer than we would like. But in our heritage market, where we have got a strong foothold, we have -- our average unit volumes are where they need to be and the margins for that business are where they need to be. So LongHorn is more about really the geographic challenges we have, as we have been growing the brand.
Gene Lee: I think that's a really good question. We are really focused right now on two things, improving the execution of our brands, and then secondarily, completing the REIT spin. I think once we get the REIT spin behind us, we will look at where we are as a company, and determine -- and look at where we are as a company, but also look at the overall operating environment, and determine what our longer term sales and EPS targets are, as we move forward for the organization. We believe -- as we look at this today, we have made tremendous progress in the last year; and once we look at our opportunity today, we believe that, there is a chance for us to increase new restaurant growth into 2017 and 2018, and from there, be able to really determine what our long term EPS targets would be. We need to fully understand what the capital structure is going to be, and how we are going to use our cash flow to drive shareholder value.
Gene Lee: Howard no, I don't think its changing the sense of urgency. I think where we are at, is we want to make sure if we are going to invest this capital to refresh, remodel, whatever we want to call it. We want to make sure it is, first and foremost, it is the appropriate amount. Second, it’s going to have the desired outcome that we wanted to have. And from there, we have to pace it and we have to ensure that we continue to improve and evolve with current learnings on how to make these investments more valuable to us. What we want to guard against, is designing a look and a feel and rolling it out, taking two or three years to do that, and you get to the end of year three and realize what you were rolling out, really isn't where you need to be today. And so our proponent of -- more of this evolving rolling refresh over time, and using your current knowledge to make those dollars work as hard as they possibly can, at the time you're making the investment. I think it will just be wrong to lock in on a certain look and feel and just roll it out to 300 restaurants and try to go as fast as you possibly can. I want to get into the system, where we are rolling in an X number of refreshes every single year.
Gene Lee: Well yes Howard, I did present a longer range plan and potential for the company. But at this point in time, the pending spin and where we are at. Not at the point, where we want to give out our long range targets and I will commit to the investment community, that we will get those out in the next three to six to nine months, on what we think this business can achieve. But I want to get through this spin and understand where we are post spin, and determine what the opportunity for Darden is moving forward.
Gene Lee: I want to say, we believe that our employment proposition today is really strong. We compete for talent every single day. And when you look at where the average Darden employee is today, it’s approximately $15 an hour, which is double the federal minimum wage. We think that through a few avenues. Our employment proposition is just incredibly strong. We have a great opportunity for employees -- all employees that grow into management. Last year, we promoted 1,000 ROIT [ph] team members into management. We have programs that allow our team members to move up to the restaurants. Our team members to go cross-brand, if they think -- after they become proficient, and maybe in a casual environment, they can move to a more polished or even a fine dining environment. And so, as we look at this today, we keep coming back to -- there are so many things that we do for Darden team members, and it’s a compelling proposition. Our turnover rates are 20% lower than our competition. We continuously win best employment practices for the majority of our brands. We think that our employees are really in a good position, and we are going to do what we need to do, to ensure that we have the best talent at all levels in our organization, and that will be -- we will be at the forefront of that. And we believe today, we are getting the best talent.
Bill White: Yeah Joe, its Bill White. What we would tell you, is that the latest public statements that the Services made really -- they have talked about a no real position applying to PLR requests filed on or after September 14th. And so that really, in our minds, does not impact our plans. We are working towards spending the entity by the end of the calendar year.
Bill White: So our estimate for the year still remains $50 million to $55 million. As it relates to the savings during the course of the year, as Gene had mentioned earlier, there were some items in G&A that offset some of those savings as a result of more discrete types of items. But we expect the $50 million to $55 million for the entire year.
Bill White: Yeah Jason, this is Bill. The refinements we made, there were just a handful of restaurants that we did exclude from the individual sale leasebacks as well as the Four Corners REIT spin, just to ensure full compliance with the covenant. And then the question about pressing forward, yeah, what we would refer you to, is some of the Form 10 filings that we have made around details of our plans. We don't really have any specifics to say about going on -- just opinion or anything otherwise. What we can say, is that we are going to be fully compliant with all the laws in place, and that we are pressing forward with the spin-off of Four Corners.
Bill White: I think we believe, that we are going to be in full compliance. What we can say about the IRS is that, the laws haven't changed with the revenue procedure bullets and that they have issued. So it suggests that there is not that retroactive application of any new laws they would contemplate, would not take place. So we are expecting to be able to complete our transaction by calendar year end.
Bill White: Yeah. We are not going to comment on the specifics around that. We think we have got a substantial business purpose, and a big component of that is the taxable REIT subsidiary that you're loading to the six LongHorn franchise restaurants. So we think it all holds together very well. It’s a compelling story for both Four Corners and Darden for a very promising future growth story.
Bill White: Yes Diana, this is Bill White. Yes the update we would tell you is, we did not get consent for the modest increase we were seeking for the covenant basket size. But as we have said previously, that was not a condition to pursuing the real estate transactions, where we are marching forward on. So really with some pretty minor modifications in those plans, we are fully covenant compliant. We simply don't have the extra room we were hoping to accommodate for future transactions, whether they be the -- roughly 80 or so properties, the simple properties left behind or others from future acquisitions. 20 years is a long time, but we are perfectly comfortable moving forward with our consent.
Bill White: Yes Michael, this is Bill; just to address the last part of your question first, I think you hit the nail on my head. The least adjusted -- really at least adjusted debt to EBITDA is probably one of the more key metrics we focus on and we'd be targeting in the range of 2.5 times or less, and certainly the agencies are quite comfortable that where we are moving in that direction is -- if not neutral, a positive to the credit profile. So maintaining, preserving, and solidifying the investment grade credit profile is a priority.
