Eugene Lee: Thanks, Brad. Let me conclude our prepared remarks with a few additional thoughts about the past several months and the progress we have been making across our business. First, I’d like to acknowledge that this is our first earnings call since the election of our new board of directors. Our board has been engaged in the business from day one, and the management team and the board are working well together in order to ensure we have the right strategy to drive long term value creation for our shareholders. This change has brought about a positive energy across the company that extends from our management team, all the way to our restaurants. Our teams are excited about our sharpened focus on restaurant operations, and we’re all motivated to build on the momentum in the business both on the top and bottom line. Second, we are pleased with the early indicators that our strategic initiatives are driving improved operating performance. These initiatives are not a quick fix, but rather a journey designed to strengthen the most important elements of our business: improving the quality of our food and the service we provide to our guests. There’s still a long way to go, and we are committed and excited to continue to drive toward reaching our full potential. We believe the strong foundation we have laid across all of our brands during the past year will help us to continue to improve sales and earnings growth during the back half of this fiscal year and into fiscal 2016. Finally, I want to take a moment to thank our employees for their dedication in providing a great experience for our guests. This has not been an ordinary year for Darden, yet despite all the noise and potential for distractions, our restaurant teams are as focused as I’ve ever seen them. Their efforts are an integral part of our positive results this quarter and our employees should be very proud of the progress we’ve achieved. With that, we’ll open up the floor for questions.
Eugene Lee: We continue to look at our marketing strategy and becoming as efficient as we possibly can. When we think about how we spend our marketing dollars, especially in the large brands, we look at Olive Garden, and as our primary message on television, our secondary message on television, and then our third, which is our lunch messaging on television. Then we have digital, and then we have some local messaging after that. Right now, what we’re focused on is optimizing the right mix between promotional, secondary, which is more brand, and then lunch. And we’ve moved to approximately 25% of our spend to be digital, and we believe that we’ve been able to, and we will reduce some of our working media. But our real focus from a savings standpoint right now is to continue to reduce our non-working media. We have also engaged A&M to come in and work with the Olive Garden management team to do a comprehensive review of the go-to-market strategy, how we develop products, how we bring them to life, how we then advertise, and how we spend all our advertising dollars, and what is the right mix. And so this has been a project that we’ve been working on for some time, and we continue to change the media mix each and every quarter to try to optimize it. We have some really good diagnostics that provide great analysis for us, and we think that we’re doing a much better job with that over the last nine months or so.
Eugene Lee: I think I’d start with saying that Olive Garden’s performance against the industry in November actually significantly improved, where we beat the industry both on guest count and on a sales basis. The comment that the overall industry has picked up, that’s not what November Knapp-Track is saying. November Knapp-Track actually was weaker than October. We’re actually seeing some deceleration in casual dining. And so I’m very pleased that Olive Garden performed as well as it did, and moved ahead of the industry in November, with pretty much a straight-up comparison. It wasn’t like the prior months, where we were moving Neverending Pasta Bowl. We slid that back, so that messed a little bit with the comparisons. So when I look at the improvement that I think we’re seeing in Olive Garden, it has more to do with us gaining against the industry versus a situation where we have a rising tide and all boats are being lifted.
Eugene Lee: Yeah, I’m going to point to two, I think, very important things. Number one was the commitment to put a 999 price point on the menu with everyday value. And so the preference on that item continues to grow. And what that is enabling Dave and the team to do is to pull back on the promotional intensity of their messaging and the pricing of those promotions. And we believe that is a real key to driving long term success. The second piece that I believe is really important in the Olive Garden momentum is to-go. To-go, we defined that as an important opportunity. We put resources behind it. Quickly enabled us to get to online ordering, and we’re seeing that business grow at 15%. And this is driven by a consumer need state of convenience. Consumers want convenience. Olive Garden has great food that travels very, very well, and we believe we’re delivering on that consumer need state extremely well, and that’s why we’re experiencing this kind of growth in takeout. So those two things, everyday value, not having to rely on our promotional activity, be such a deep discount, and then to-go, I think is really driving some positive momentum in the business.
Eugene Lee: Let me clarify a couple of thoughts around the remodel plan, and then I’ll get back to the essence of your question. We are very pleased with the initial results of the remodels. What we’re having difficulty reading is what level of investment is necessary to create the highest return on that invested capital. We know the key to remodeling an Olive Garden is for the team to figure out how to add between 20 and 28 seats in each of the buildings. That’s an important part. And so that’s kind of a given in a remodel package. From there, how do we best utilize the dollars that we have available and what’s the right investment level? And that’s why we’re pausing, because we don’t have a long enough time at this point in time to read the different investments that we have out there. But I do believe going forward as we move into ’16, we will have to refresh some of these older buildings. On the overall confidence on the business, I believe that the four pillars that we’ve been talking about are key. The first is around menu. We have to continue to deliver everyday value, choice and variety, and convenience. And I think we’re doing a very good job on all three of those things, but there’s still work to be done. We know that we have to simplify the menu to increase our speed of service, improve our quality. So although we’ve made some very good first steps, work to be done. We know from an operations standpoint, we can improve our service. And if we can improve our service, we know we can improve the frequency of our guests. Third is communication. We have to improve how we communicate with our guests, with the voice in which we communicate. So we’ve got to improve our television advertising, we think there’s some things that we can do from a digital standpoint. And one of our big upsides with our very large database is to refine our customer relationship management and really work to develop the appropriate loyalty program that will make people choose Olive Garden over other competitors. The fourth piece of the pillar has been about the remodel and the touchpoints, and there are a lot of other things that we can do inside these restaurants to improve the overall atmosphere that don’t mean changing the sticks and bricks. But there are things like uniforms, plate ware, flatware, music, things like that, that can really improve the overall atmosphere, that we’re working on, we’re implementing those changes. And we believe that if we combine all those together, that we’ll have a business that has a compelling value proposition that will continue to grow over time.
Eugene Lee: I would just add that Olive Garden restaurants doing $3.5 million with the margin structure are still very, very productive. On the lower end, $3.5. We built a lot of restaurants in the last couple of years in green space. These restaurants, at $3.5 million, a million dollars below the system average, are still highly productive.
Eugene Lee: I think that’s a very good question. We have seen no weakness to date in what I would call the oil-dominant markets. We have seen, as I said earlier, Knapp-Track weaken starting with the switch in Halloween. That was a real weak comparison year over year, and then we haven’t seen it get back in November to where it was in October. So we’re on the lookout for signs, especially probably in Texas would be the place that we would get the first signal, that the current energy situation is having an effect on employment and attitude. But we haven’t seen it yet.
Eugene Lee: Right now, we have BCG in working on our indirect spend, which we define indirect spend as it’s all spending that is not managed by purchasing. And our initial findings are very encouraging. We also have other cost savings initiatives going on, and we believe they’ll have meaningful impact. I believe that we will have an update as we get into next quarter’s call and start talking about fiscal 2016. We’ll be able to, I really think, reveal a range that we think is possible for the company. I believe today it’s just a little too early for me to put a number out there. If I put a number out there, I’m not sure it would be too high or too low. And so we just need a little more time to do our due diligence. Again, we’ve hired BCG, we’ve got Alvarez and Marsal in here working on the marketing side, on Olive Garden, and we have multiple other cost initiatives. My commitment is that we are going to cut our costs moving forward, in all areas of the organization. And so that’s where we’re at right now, and it’s just too early for me to give you a number.
Eugene Lee: No, you’re absolutely correct. It’s a predominant driver of sales, and the way I think about it is, some of that business, there’s some trading there. And so we have some people that we’re trading out of an in-restaurant experience to the to-go experience, but to maintain our growth, we’re creating capacity and we’re filling that capacity in the restaurants. So it’s not like this is totally a negative trade for us. So your math is correct, and it’s a big part of our strategy, is we’ve identified convenience as a need state that we can meet for the consumer, because of the type of food that we serve. It’s so well-served for takeout.
Eugene Lee: The management and the board are working together to really look at what all the alternatives are. And so as we think about it, real estate is the biggest opportunity and it’s really not consumer-facing. I like to say that our guests don’t walk into a restaurant and say, is this owned, or leased? And so it really doesn’t interfere with our focus of creating great dining experiences. And so we believe we have a good strategy in place to grow shareholder value, and it’s really starting at the focus on the core operational fundamentals of the business. Now, we’re working closely with the board to look at all areas of improvement, and we believe starting with the real estate portfolio is the most important. So I see it as two paths. Operationally, we need to improve the overall day-to-day operations, and that’s inclusive of a lot of things. That’s inclusive of growing sales, managing costs, so on and so forth. On the other strategic side, trying to maximize shareholder value, we’ve prioritized real estate as the key priority. And as we move forward, we’ll take another look at some of the other alternatives that could be available to us. But prioritization is really important. How much the organization can handle at one time, I think, is a real key consideration. And so as I said in my prepared remarks, the board is very engaged. We think we have a plan that can be executed over the next six months, and that’s where we’re at at this point in time. I think we’ll come back after we move along in the real estate process and understand how that’s going to play out, and at that time, we’ll take a look at some other strategic alternatives to drive shareholder value. But most importantly, real great shareholder value is going to be created through improvement in our overall operations. We must drive profitable same restaurant sales. And so we’re extremely focused organically on that right now.
Eugene Lee: You’re talking about a real comprehensive, longer-term strategy, and I do think that the board and the new CEO will have to work through that and will have to, after they make their decision, will have the right forum in which to inform the public of the long range plan.
Eugene Lee: Yeah, I think there are two distinct different issues. Finding a way to utilize our real estate to increase shareholder value is one. The decision to hold and slow down the remodels is really around this idea that we have, out of the 13 out there, we have five or six different investment levels. And the results, as you mentioned, have been very positive, but the performance between investment level A and investment level C is not that different. And that’s causing us to pause and to say, what is the right investment level that we need to make and get the appropriate return on that investment to drive and refresh the Olive Garden business? And so I see this more as just being prudent, slowing down, and making sure that we’re making the right investment. Half of these 13 restaurants have been done for less than 60 days. The initial read is very, very difficult. What we’re trying to do here is really just be prudent and make sure that we measure twice and cut once. And that’s all we’re doing.
Eugene Lee: Everything is still on the table, and being analyzed. We believe, after working with the board and discussing what the options are, that addressing the real estate opportunity is the right decision. As we decide what the right brand portfolio is, what brands are in the Darden portfolio, if there is a spin, is something that the board wants to evaluate. However, I do think it’s important for them to gain a better understanding of how all these businesses work before those types of decisions are made. And so everything is still absolutely on the table. There were hard choices that had to be made, and we thought that the real estate, at this point in time, was probably the least disruptive and the opportunity that hopefully could give us a chance to increase shareholder value.
Eugene Lee: When Dave got to Olive Garden, one of the first things he did was implement significant change to the kitchen operation, which created, I believe, approximately $20 million in cost savings. And so he’s been developing what he would call phase two of kitchen simplification now, but a lot of that is going to come from how the menu evolved over time. We also are looking at ways to prepare our soups more efficiently. We’re looking at ways to prepare our sauces more efficiently. And so there’s some production opportunities available to us in Olive Garden. As far as Longhorn goes, the nature of a steakhouse business is that it’s extremely simplistic. And that’s why we create 2.7 guests for every labor hour we use in Longhorn, and we create 2.1 guests for every labor hour we use in Olive Garden. And so the opportunities for simplification in Longhorn, although they are there, are not as great as the opportunities for simplification in the Olive Garden operation.
Eugene Lee: First of all, let me just reiterate that the check average is significantly higher with the online ordering, and when we move people away from ordering meals off the menu and move them to more of a bulk order, the margins improve. And so in other words, we get orders for trays of lasagna, family meals. They’ve got meals that they’re offering for four, for eight, for twelve, for sixteen. The next evolution now is to get more into this catering and delivery type business, which we think is a huge opportunity. So the answer to your question, margins do improve when we get to the bulk takeout orders. Obviously, the margins, when we’re doing meals to go, are the same as they are as in the restaurant, except we lose the beverage occasion, which helps leverage our margins down in the restaurant. So we’re relying on this bulk business to improve the overall takeout margins.
Eugene Lee: Lunch is definitely an opportunity at Olive Garden. We’re feeling much more pressure with guest counts at lunch than we are at dinner. Lunch is based around the convenience for a lot of people. The interesting thing about the Olive Garden lunch experience is that we have multiple constituents at lunch. We have guests who are looking for convenience, that want to get in and out. We have guests that are looking for a business lunch that want to be in for an hour, hour and fifteen minutes. We have a lot of guests that come to lunch, this is their big day out and they’re looking for a two-hour experience. And so we’re trying to satisfy different constituencies and have offerings for all of them. We have what we believe is the ultimate fast casual lunch at Olive Garden, soup, salad, and breadsticks. It’s the original fast casual offering, 30% of our guests buy that. We believe the key to reenergizing our lunch business is some sort of evolution of this product and this offering. It’s been out there since 1981, it is a great, great product, as you would expect if 30% of the people who are coming in are buying it. But we need to continue to innovate around that product. We’ve done some work with the salad toppers and some other menu items like the trios, and so we’re making progress. We think lunch is really about fast, fresh, and value, and we think we have great food that can deliver on that. It’s going to be price competitive. Lunch is very much about price, and we have to figure out how we create the appropriate value to reenergize lunch. We, on average, do 275 guests a day at lunch. I would put that up against any other casual dining restaurant operator out there. We start from a place of strength, and what we need to do is we need to continue to deliver on the consumer need states for that meal occasion.
Bradford Richmond: We provided some supplemental information with our website, and we detail some of these key drivers for us. Many of those are in place. So the debt paydown has reduced interest impact. I think I said $30 million in my prepared comments for the year, I should have said $38 million. But you can see that that adds roughly $0.18 in EPS. You can look at the share repurchase program that we’ve done. That’s about $0.09 for us. Then with the 53rd week it’s $0.05. So the remaining $0.22 to $0.27 is really driven by the business improvement, which is the same restaurant sales performance that we’ve talked about, many of these cost initiatives. We ended the second quarter at the high end of what we had expected. We finished the first half of the year with a 26% increase in adjusted EPS to last year. Our guidance suggests a 34% to 38% increase in the back half of the year, and obviously that step up is driven by the larger impact from the debt paydown and share repurchase, and obviously all the 53rd week. But the core business itself is supported by the comp range that we’ve been talking about for Olive Garden at flat to 1%, as well as the 2% to 3% for both the Longhorn and specialty restaurants. So that’s really what we’ve baked into that. I think a key assumption to point out is the impact of adverse weather mainly in the third quarter, first part of fourth quarter. And last year was a very severe impact to us, the geographical area hit us where we had the biggest concentration of restaurants and hit us more on the weekends. So we’re obviously hoping that’s not the case this year. Our guidance is built on what we call a normalized or rolling five-year average, and so we do expect some improvement from that, but we just don’t know. It’s hard to predict that one, and we’ll hope for the best weather, and if we can be on the good side of that, we’ll have more earnings. If it turns out to be similar to last year, that will put downward pressure on us. But we believe, when you look in totality, all the moving parts, if you will, in building the estimate, that the range that we’ve suggested gives us ample room to land somewhere in between there.
Bradford Richmond: The best way I would define that is with the guidance of flat to 1% for the year, they need to be at about plus 0.5% to plus 1.5%. They’re stepping out of the second quarter being up 0.5%, and so maintaining that run rate is what we have in there, and then a little bit of lift from the weather. If we make further progress in that business than what we’re anticipating, we know how our business model reacts, and there’s strong flow through on the incremental sales. So to the degree, to your point, if weather and other things work better, I’m confident that our model will deliver high end of this range, and if the weather’s really good, or we make further progress, potentially above it. But I don’t think, where we are today, that that’s the best communication we can say, that it’s anything above or below that range. It’s our best knowledge of all those pieces today.
Bradford Richmond: We have a fairly robust and ongoing evaluation of our restaurant portfolio, and in particular with Olive Garden, it has expanded, as you mentioned, over time, but we look at that pretty carefully, and I know that Olive Garden hasn’t performed as well as we would like for it to have performed recently. But what I would caution on is it started from very high absolute levels of performance and it’s really lost momentum, is how I think of that business. So actually, the performance is quite strong, and the restaurants we have are providing sufficient cash flow for that investment. But every year, we look at that portfolio. There’s two to three roughly in that brand that are relocated, are rebuilt, to sort of that same trade area. And so I would not expect any significant changes from that. We did a full review with some of the actions we’ve taken this quarter to look at our overall portfolio, and I think honestly just addressed how strong that brand is and how strong those individual restaurants are performing. But we think there’s a lot of upside for those restaurants and we like where they’re positioned.
Bradford Richmond: That’s actually very little impact to the current year. I think more the raising of the range is the performance in the second quarter. We were at the high end of what we had previously expected, and we’re further into the year, so we can refine our estimates a little bit. But the big impacts we talked about in November, when we announced the actions that we took then around reduction in force, and those have really been, in the current fiscal year, used also [unintelligible] this commodity inflation, which has gone up quite a bit from what we were previously thinking in the back half of the year. But we do see that rate of inflation coming down on a sequential basis, and so we would expect the actions we take in November and the other items here to make a meaningful impact to our 2016 earnings expectations.
Bradford Richmond: So, the cost for what BCG is doing will be netted against the benefit we derive. That’s not really a callout item. The same with A&M. Now, obviously, something in the real estate area, that we do a transaction there, those costs will really be netted against that benefit at that particular time. And so if something’s driving a benefit in the current year, the cost to implement that has to be offset against each other.
Bradford Richmond: I would just emphasize the point that Gene is making, and it’s around capital discipline. This was a significant capital investment, and so we want to have a thorough evaluation. I think the key that we’re trying to determine right now is the durability of these results, and separating between the investment levels, so that we optimize the return that we can get on this investment. And then to the first part of your question, real estate opportunities that we may pursue are totally independent of the remodel choices that we have. And today, we operate a number of leased restaurants, and so we don’t anticipate doing anything that would hamper our flexibility to operate these restaurants. So I would separate those two items as different decision points.
Bradford Richmond: None that we’re aware of. When you look at the strength of our individual restaurants’ financial performance, nothing comes to our attention at this point.
Bradford Richmond: And I would just add one thing. If you look at our cost basket, food and beverage is about a third of it, and labor at the restaurant level is about another third of it. So those have a lot of opportunity outside of restaurant labor to pursue on top of how Gene was talking about we could go at restaurant labor itself. So we see a wide area of opportunity. First thing that we’ve been talking about is the G&A, and we’ve made tremendous progress in that area. You can look at our year over year performance has been pretty good. And the fact is, as we look forward, we see ourselves below 5% for G&A as a percentage of sales.
Bradford Richmond: I think fundamental to all this, and we haven’t said it in this call so far, is that we do understand and value the importance of our investment grade credit profile. And so a lot of our actions are geared towards that, and we would include that in the consideration set for any type of real estate opportunities should it come along. I think as we look ahead what we put out as our guidance and expectations for this year, along with the debt paydown that we’ve done, we’ve talked about adjusted debt to adjusted capital of being in that 55% to 65% range. We see ourselves near the bottom of that range as we move through the year, so we’re making progress there. And the coverage ratio with this type of earnings performance gets closer to our target and gets below three times. And so we’re making progress there, I think Gene talked about earlier, the success that we have in running the business will help us make further progress here, and then we’ll look at opportunities as they come along for any type of action on the real estate to consider that as well. And then one thing I wanted to follow up on is Joe, you’d asked the question earlier about all the other activity adjustments that we made in the quarter, and what was their impact, and I said it was fairly minor. I actually had a chance to go back and look at those. It’s about $0.01 of the impact on the annual EPS from those in the current year. So it does add a little bit, but maybe less than it seems like on the surface.]
