Clarence Otis: And just we do want to get to your questions, so just a couple of follow-ups. I think, as we look ahead to 2011, we do expect operating conditions to improve and that’s going to be a continuation of the improvement we think that we saw throughout this fiscal year. And we think we’re very well positioned to take advantage of that improvement for two reasons. One is that we’ve been relentlessly focused on guest satisfaction throughout the past couple of years and the second is we’ve made the right investments, we think, for long-term success, investment in our employees, investment in our guests and investment in our operating infrastructure. And so as we look out, we think that for Darden, the best is yet to come. And with that, we will take your questions.
Clarence Otis: Well, David, this is Clarence. I’ll start off. I think it really is improving underlying industry trend is the first pillar there. And so this past quarter, we talked about the industry at minus 1.5. You may recall we started at minus 8%. In our fiscal first quarter, roughly minus 6% in the second quarter and I think about 4% roughly in the third quarter. We’ve seen an improving trend through the year. We don’t expect dramatic improvement next year, so as we think about the industry, our planning assumption is that it will be down 1%. So a little bit better than what we saw here in the fourth quarter, even with the comps that I just mentioned. As we think about our GAAP to the industry, we do expect that to expand. So this year is about 2.5 points and we would expect next year to seem more like 3.5 points. And part of that is the confidence we have in our plans. We also think that we were adversely affected by a lot of the deep discounting that we saw competitively. We don’t see a cost environment that’s going to allow as much of that as we’ve seen this year.David Tarantino – Robert W. Baird: And then if I could ask one quick follow-up, perhaps Brad, could you talk about what the underlying May comp was adjusted for the fiscal calendar impact because that’s a little bit hard to read. I assume the fiscal period impact was largest in May but if you could just give some color on that. And then if there’s any comment on June comps, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Clarence Otis: I would say that, that sales are very bumpy from week to week. So we talk about the months, but even from week to week. And so we do think consumers do respond to the headlines. So a lot of what we’re seeing is, you know, it reflects sentiment and sentiment is very much tied to the headlines beyond the underlying fundamentals, which would argue for a little bit more improvement actually than we’ve been seeing. So the headlines are there. We do think ultimately that there is a lack of confidence in the capability of various institutions. And so these headlines sort of reflect some of that, you know, a little bit of disappointment in the Gulf not so much with the accident but with the inability to get our arms around it, put confidence in the oil industry. We’re also confidence in the federal government. Same thing with Europe and so for sure, those things matter.
Clarence Otis: And I would just say we think that when you’ve got those -- that kind of fragility when it comes to consumer of trust, being consistent as a brand is important. We think moving from deep discounts back to core pricing that happens to be five points higher than the pre-discount price, all of that, doesn’t help, doesn’t help confidence in your brand. And so we think that we’ve benefited from being more consistent and dependable in that kind of environment.
Clarence Otis: Well, our business has a very strong cash flow, and if you look at that, we’re going to take, I think on an EBITDA basis, it’s a little over $1 billion there. Half of that or a little bit more than half of that, we would go to invest in the growth opportunities that we have, in terms of new restaurant opportunities and remos opportunities. And then the other half through dividends and share buyback, we would return to our investors. We also, during the fiscal year that just ended, really worked down some of our debt. We have no draw on our revolver and we’ve improved our debt metrics. As we look to the coming year, we see our debt metrics being stable to improving and so again it demonstrates the strong cash generation abilities that our business has to fund the growth opportunities that we see ahead as well as return a meaningful amount of that to our investors.
Clarence Otis: We’d like to thank everybody for joining us this morning on the call. We’re here in Orlando, available. If you have additional questions, please let us know. Otherwise, I wish you all a safe and happy summer. And we’ll talk to you again in September. Thank you.
Brad Richmond: Yeah. Good question, Jeff. What the charge really relates to is the breakage that we’ve seen in the gift cards. What we have seen is a dramatic increase in redemption of those cards. Approximately 60% of the adjustment we took in the fourth quarter relates to cards that are 3 to 10 years old and so that really speaks to the consumer’s desire for our opinion. They are digging those cards up and coming into our restaurant. We do think that’s helped us in some of our same-restaurant sales performance that is there. But, you know, this is a charge that ideally we would have made in the third quarter. We were still looking at that information. And so it’s of a similar nature there but, you know, really relates to the change in consumer behavior over the past year in our gift card usage.
Brad Richmond: Jeff, this is Brad. I’ll just add onto that. Beyond that, we continue to see weakness -- looking at regional basis in Florida as well as California and mountain area as well. So they can does this point anything specifically tied to that incident, no, we haven’t.
Brad Richmond: Yeah. If you look at the -- across the coming year, there is a little progression from quarter to quarter, although not dramatic when you look at the prior year comparison. There is a little bit more of a skew on the earnings to the back part of the year, particularly as you look at wrapping over the gift card charges that we mentioned earlier.
Brad Richmond: Those adjustments, if you kind of look back at the average value on the cards was approximately $25 I would say. Our transaction -- our average transaction we have is, depending on the brand, two to three times that amount. So it did help same-restaurant sales growth. I don’t have the exact number but it was a contributing factor, but by no means a major factor in our outperformance to Knapp-Track.
Brad Richmond: Media is up about 5%. What I would add to his comments, if you look at percent of sales on a year-over-year basis, it’s going to be roughly in line with that even taking into consideration some of the items that Drew mentioned there. If you are looking at quarterly comparisons year-over-year, there will be some variability, just because the natural change in our promotional calendars that we look at and some of the changes at LongHorn there. So it will have some movement on a quarterly basis year-over-year.Steven Bunno – Banc of America: Great. Thanks.
Brad Richmond: This is Brad. And yeah, we are locked on our prices on shrimp through basically the end of our fiscal 2011. If we go back and look at information that we shared at the February conference, not a whole lot has changed in those planning assumptions. We’re looking at an overall inflation rate on our cost basket of about 1.5%, 1.75%, if you would with the food portion of that being about 0.25% to 0.5%. So a fairly modest cost environment there. We do have some of the other cost and wage rate items going up to 2.5% to get that back to the basket level there. And in terms of kind of first half of the year, by the back half of the year, I think we’ll see a little bit more than that average in the back half of the year, a little bit less, but no dramatic first half to back half of the year differential there.
Brad Richmond: Yeah. If you look at, you know, the check discounting on an overall macro basis that we get from the industry sources, you’re seeing pretty significant reduction there. We’ve gone from deflation in the prior couple quarters of about 1.5% to the most recent quarter being pretty much flat and within that quarter seeing that moving up a little bit. But I think the fundamental thing is the opportunity that many of us in the industry have benefited from a declining commodity cost environment. We don’t see continuing declines. Some items will, but more stability there. The whole industry has benefited from continued lower turnover on front line employees and so the cost of securing new employees and the training costs and all of those, you know, we’re going to work really hard to keep ours where they are but I don’t know that there’s going to be an additional cost benefit there that’s going to allow the industry as a whole to -- to continue discounting their overall check.
Brad Richmond: Tom, Brad here. One quick thing I would add to Clarence’s comments is that week-to-week volatility, really makes it challenging to run, great experiences within the restaurant in terms of having the right amount of labor there, preparing the right amount of food. We think we have a number of tools that help us manage through that better. Strong managers in the restaurant allow us to use those, and again, part of the reason we feel confident in being able to grow our -- grow our GAAP versus the industry benchmark as we look forward, being able to navigate better through some of that volatility.
Brad Richmond: I think our interest expense as we look at it is going to be relatively close to last year. Lot of -- obviously going to depend on our operating cash flow and the timing of that and the assumptions on the interest rates. But I wouldn’t forecast any meaningful movement from where we’ve been this year with what we know today.
Brad Richmond: Well, it’s more closely lining up the calendar weeks. So you have everything from the Lent shift that’s in there, you have a better alignment of spring breaks and things like that. Plus, you also have the similar weeks and we do have, if you compare it to the fiscal week comparison, beginning weeks that are more value of similar sales volume. As we talk about the 53rd week last year, it was a $124 million sales week. That was significantly below our average rate. I think it’s about 15%, 20% below the typical week. So you’re better lining those up so you have that lower volume week in both comparisons. So there’s that, plus just the natural alignment that you have between the Lenten period, gets closer, and vacations -- excuse me, spring breaks are the bigger drivers of that movement on a week-to-week, month-to-month basis.
Brad Richmond: One thing the calendar week doesn’t adjust for is any changes in advertising promotion timing that occurred for our brand. So when we think in particular about Olive Garden having one less week of price point advertising in April this year or Red Lobster starting Lobsterfest in February this year versus March last year, those sorts of timing shifts aren’t reflected.
Brad Richmond: This is Brad, Greg, and you’re correct. We have ended the fiscal year with a strong cash balance, more than we typically have. And so that, along with our strong operating cash flow we will plan to pay that really out of our existing cash and cash flow of $175 million. In addition, we have $75 million that comes due in April of 2011 and would intend to do the same there, as well. We do have our revolver that’s available to us. It has a capacity of $750 million, which doesn’t expire until September of 2012. So we have plenty of flexibility to pay those off. As the right situation, we may opportunistically go to the market somewhere near the end of this fiscal year and go to the loan market and refinance some of that, but right now, our thinking is that we can pay off our current cash balance and operating cash flows.Greg Heckman – Banc of America: Okay. Thank you.
Brad Richmond: We generally don’t go into those details, but if you look at our history, we’ve been a very disciplined average cost repurchaser of our shares.
Brad Richmond: Well, the biggest competitor in steak is obviously Outback and we now really have much less visibility to the results -- same-restaurant sales results at Outback. So in terms of the last three months, it’s difficult to answer that question. But I would I say it’s important to remember that it’s a variety-seeking category and while steak -- the category is competitive, people are moving between the brands throughout the year.
Brad Richmond: Robert, those are very good questions, pretty tough ones. I don’t have the exact answers. I’m going to have to get back with you, but what I would talk about on the depreciation side is during the course of the year, we brought online our new restaurant support center here, where in our old center, we had sold that and leased it back, sold at a very advantageous time and leased it back. And then we moved into this center in the fall, and so that depreciation started to ramp up as we got into use of this center. The other thing that we’ve talked about is the remodeling efforts that we have going on. Those are adding depreciation, but some of the lumpiness that you describe is some of the old remodels that have reached the end of their accounting useful life and so those are some of the things that are rolling off there. Off the top of my head, that’s the major items that I can think of that would be driving depreciation. There’s no other really meaningful items or adjustments that come to mind there. I think on the tax side -- excuse me -- interest side, is to the accounting rule looking at interest, because there are so many costs that we amortize into that, certain construction costs are capitalized as part of the building investment there. So that would probably be more of what’s driving that. As I look to next year, I think, I can’t say it’s perfectly straight lined but it is probably a little less lumpy than it is this year and remember, we went from having a draw on a revolver at the beginning of the year to not having that, as we get towards the end of the year. In fact, we were building cash and getting some interest income would be the real driver of that quarter-to-quarter variability.
Brad Richmond: No, we’ve looked at that. There’s no accelerated depreciation of those useful lives. We typically have an accounting life that’s shorter than the economic life that we use. And so the big example would be the Olive Garden and their RevItalia remodel program that really got started in the late 1990s and ramped up in the early 2000s. Those are seven-year-lives and so some of those are starting to ramp up, so in that brand, you’ll see it go down. On a Darden consolidated basis, though, we have Red Lobster that’s adding remodels, so you’ll see some going up there. So net-net, when I look at Darden, I really don’t see any big change in depreciation expense.
Drew Madsen: And so just to follow up, we raised our assumption about the percentage of cards that was being redeemed based on that change in consumer behavior and so as a result of that, took a charge in the third quarter and additional charge in the fourth, because we’ve some additional information. We realized it should have been larger than what we -- what we had in the third quarter. And so in both cases, it’s a charge appropriately calculated really in the third. So the fourth quarter was a little bit of a catch-up.
Drew Madsen: We haven’t seen any meaningful change in consumer behavior other than we’re not selling the oyster appetizers that we had before. But beyond that, we haven’t seen any change.
Drew Madsen: And Mitch, that would have occurred throughout the year. The adjustments took place in the third and fourth quarter, but the activity, behavior that resulted in the assumption change occurred throughout the year.
Drew Madsen: Well, on the question of price point strategy, as I said a minute ago, we don’t want to enter interest two details of discussion about our forward-looking plans there. But we did see the importance and the benefit of communicating affordability and price certainty at Red Lobster this year but done in a way that was consistent with the brand equity, consistent with the high quality, fresh seafood experience, consistent with the business model and margins and we were pleased with the results. So we’re going to lean into that a little bit more next year. But I don’t think I would want to layout the number or the cadence just yet. The same can be said for LongHorn as well. We did a couple there this year, selectively throughout the year, consistent with the brand, consistent with the business model and communicated affordability and they worked effectively. In terms of investment in marketing, probably the biggest thing to note would be an increase in media support for LongHorn. So they are going from 200 of their restaurants receiving spot television support in our prior fiscal year to 280 restaurants receiving spot television support and that’s largely been enabled by continued unit openings that make spot TV efficient in more trade areas. In addition to that, we’ve decided to add network cable for LongHorn. So all restaurants are going to get some level of television support a couple times a year in fiscal 2011, where they didn’t get anything last year. So that’s, that’s positive that will help. Its incremental media support but I’d reinforce what we said at our Analyst and Investor Day, that the media waits at LongHorn are Stilwell below what they are at Olive Garden and Red Lobster in terms of number of weeks and points per week. I think Brad mentioned that media inflation is up a little bit, about 4%.
Drew Madsen: Just one added comment to what Brad just shared. For most of the big national advertisers that we compete against excluding Darden brands, we’re continuing to see them offer price points in their promotions. They just aren’t as deep a discount as they were in the past. So there’s still a lot of price points out there, but they are, you know, they are not as deep.
Drew Madsen: That’s a tough question. It’s tough because you’ve got a lot of folks who had some pretty significant comp declines that will find a level, right. And so we think some of the competitors have been high single digit will help the average a lot by moving to low single digit decline. And so there’s a lot of dynamics, that’s one. We think some of the folks who have outperformed will continue to outperform because they have been disciplined when it comes to how they manage the brand and they are offering a compelling experience. It’s a tough question. There’s so many moving parts inside that number.
Drew Madsen: Yeah. I would say that assumption assumed that the environment will improve, but at a relatively slow rate of improvement. You know, because down one on a down five fiscal 2010 year following a down seven, I think, fiscal 2009 year by six I guess. So we do see improvement, but we don’t think we’re being aggressive when we look at that overall industry number.
Drew Madsen: The advertising we think needs do both. It needs to establish LongHorn as a great steakhouse that’s going to consistently deliver a very cravable steakhouse experience with a point of difference in terms of the emotional attachment people could have for the brand. So we think one of the things that the advertising campaign has been doing for more than the last year is communicating more consistent brand image, both as it relates to the quality of the experience and the values of the brand that LongHorn has benefited from in some of their prior campaigns. So it’s all about being a great differentiated casual dining steakhouse and we think this campaign does have both functionally and emotionally.
Drew Madsen: The biggest change has been the return of the business travel and entertainment spending. We’ve seen our business improve Monday through Thursday greater than on the weekend. And on your second question, I do believe that the upscale, the luxury businesses are much more volatile to changes in what’s going on in the macroeconomic -- macro environment, whether it’s what’s happening with the Dow or what’s happening in the Gulf. We do see that fluctuate much more than casual.
Drew Madsen: It’s not incremental promotional activity. All three of our brands have six to seven promotional windows during the year. All of those windows feature new dishes for every brand. So the level of activity that the organization is going to take on in terms of craving new concepts, developing new dishes, testing them in restaurant, et cetera, is no different. I guess what’s going to be different is the balance of promotions at Red Lobster that could feature price certainty at an affordable price point. So the dishes will be designed on the front end to be consistent with that, with that message. So it’s not more work. It’s just a different strategy.
Drew Madsen: That’s correct. And it starts in September. And we do expect it to be a positive impact to the business but, again, for perspective, it’s still not at the weight levels that an Olive Garden or Red Lobster has.
Drew Madsen: And there’s two service initiatives. There’s a service initiative at Olive Garden and at Red Lobster. The Olive Garden service initiative is designed to do a better job of quoting wait times and seating guests more efficiently in a way that increases throughput -- guest count throughput, particularly on high-volume periods like Friday and Saturday. At Red Lobster, it’s more about taking the time to try and understand the occasion for which guests have come in the restaurant and as a result, what their needs and expectations are and then tailor the rest of the experience to those needs and that occasion. It’s called VIP service.
