Clarence Otis, Jr.: Good morning everyone and we do welcome this opportunity to speak with you and take your questions, but before turning to questions, I'd like to briefly address the consent solicitations underway to call a special meeting of Darden shareholders to consider a non-binding resolution prior to our annual meeting. Our Board is strongly committed to engagement. We value the views of our shareholders and as many of you know, we've had a robust investor relations efforts since becoming a public company nearly 19 years ago. We've consistently spent and we'll continue to spend an extensive amount of time talking directly with our shareholders and with the investment community.  In terms of our more recent business circumstances and potential path forward we appreciate the input we've received and these insights are reflected in the plans that we have announced. Given the significance of the initiatives underway at Darden, we believe it's important that we continue engaging with our shareholders directly and individually so that we receive input in a productive and nuanced manner.  With respect to the consent solicitations shareholders should make their own determination. Given our extensive ongoing discussions with shareholders and the substantial value we have gleaned from those conversations we believe that shareholder should continue to engage directly with the company and should not view a special meeting as a substitute for that ongoing two way engagement. We look forward to continue to speak with our shareholders and with the investment community.  And with that operator, we'll take some questions.
Clarence Otis, Jr.: Good morning, David. On the media weight on Olive Garden, first part of it was just the way the holiday schedule fell and so we always have a hiatus week after Thanksgiving and so that fell in to Q4 -- to Q3 this year instead of second quarter and we've always taken a hiatus week the week after Christmas. And so that really wasn't a huge departure on Olive Garden. On Red Lobster it was a conscious decision to pull back the total rating points by 20% as we -- that spending just got a little too high in that time period.  We are also trying to balance that very busy time that allows -- that we're -- we want to make sure that we are not over incenting -- putting too many incentives out, that displace guests who are willing to pay for our full price experience with guests who are using some sort of incentive to come in. So that was a big part of the decision.  The second part of your question, new menu, new menu is doing well, as I said in the comments, it was a big change and so execution was what we thought it was going to be as we introduced it. We have been very pleased with how quickly our operations teams have picked up this new menu and we're seeing guest comments or complaints drops very, very quickly and actually getting -- receiving a lot of positive comments here over the last few days. 
Clarence Otis, Jr.: I’ll start and then I’ll Brad comment further. We are not going to -- we don't think it’s useful to get into some real detailed level of specificity given that we are engaged in an active sale process. But what we would say is that we think we have been appropriately conservative as we forecast out next year and the year after for Red Lobster, that accounts for current business trends and it also accounts for the level of effort that we think it’s going to take to stabilize sales. 
Clarence Otis, Jr.: The only other thing I would add is that and Brad can put some dimension to this but as we look out -- as we look today we recognize that this year from a cash flow perspective Red Lobster's results have been depressed by this fairly significant spike in shrimp cost as a result of some of the issues, production issues in Asia, Brad talked about a 35% inflation in the third quarter. And so we do see that coming back the other way eventually and we've accounted for it coming back the other way, as Brad said sort of not in this quarter and there may still be some pressure in the first quarter of '15 but following that. 
Clarence Otis, Jr.: I would just -- a couple of thoughts, one and then Brad can follow on. I mean clearly some of the sales deleverage at Olive Garden put some downward pressure. In addition to that we do have some fairly meaningful new unit expansion costs. And those costs, given the plans that we outlined to bring the unit expansion down by at least half are going to come out.  But that is significant. It flows through a number of lines as we prepare management teams, managers and training all those sorts of things. And we are also in addition to those adjustments on the new unit side as we talked about before really adjusting our support cost to reflect the lower sales base.
Clarence Otis, Jr.: And we do think it's something that creates significant value and that value as a go-forward, as we think about it and whether it makes sense to continue, that value will best be realized as we get closer to full scale commercialization. 
Clarence Otis, Jr.: And I would just add that as we look at reported G&A we feel like we are in-line with competitors. The challenge of course with that number is that there is no industry convention regarding where some important cost items are included. So for example we include the cost of multi-unit operations leadership in G&A expense, some include that in restaurant level expenses. We also include certain food safety cost and G&A expense and some folks include that again in restaurant level expenses.  And so we felt it's very important to get someone like Alvarez & Marsal who has broad experience in the restaurant business to help us understand how we stack up, better understand how we stack up vis-à-vis competitors, when you look through all of those mismatches. And they are working with us on that. We think as we do that work we'll identify further opportunity. And we're also working with them to see are there cost reduction opportunities, four wall, sort of more direct operating cost opportunities beyond support cost. 
Clarence Otis, Jr.: We think it's fairly clear in there that to the degree that we would need to pay off those bonds, there are certain provisions that those costs that we would have to incur. So we're fairly certain that those are there and those are obligations that we would need to fulfill. 
Clarence Otis, Jr.: It's pretty clear in our view if we have to refinance those, those are make-whole provisions that get those bond holders may hold given where those bonds trade relative to the current market. 
C. Bradford Richmond: Joe, Brad here. The thing I would add is that there's been a conscious effort to reduce the amount of price point features and promotions there and while we have dialed back a little bit our top line expectations in terms of our earnings expectations they really haven’t changed that much, other than obviously the severe winter weather impact, but as we look for the fiscal year for that brand that’s stayed fairly stable. 
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah on shrimp cost in particular, it's on annual basis for the Red Lobster brand it's approaching $30 million on year-over-year increase and as Clarence said it's going to be elevated for the rest of this fiscal year although we've seen the early indicators that we are looking for that the situation is improving. But we probably won't see cost relief on that until early in our new fiscal year, fiscal '15. 
C. Bradford Richmond: And I guess the piece to add to that or clearly the same thing is that what the new unit growth premium is a fairly significant headwind. As you pointed out with Lobster, if you look even just at the most recent quarter its impact on Darden and obviously the strategic plan related costs are fairly significant. You take those out, it's a 120 basis points better than it is.  I think the other piece to add is some of our growth brands, obviously contribute to some of the headwind because of the growth premium we talked about as well as some of the SRG brands where there is a lot more lease facilities, you got that full rent cost above the line that's in there and so on EBIT you see that but if you go all the way down to on EAT basis and real cash flow we make that up there because you don’t have those additional financing costs. 
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah, on a year-over-year basis it's in the $12 million range of additional expense that we have there for a very promising opportunity that we have there, but it does obviously have costs that precede the benefit that we are going to derive from that.
C. Bradford Richmond: Jeff, Brad here, I would just add to that and you’re pretty familiar with how we talked about our P&L through restaurant earnings line and even at the gross margin lines. There is very little contraction in that margin in the quarter even as we look forward here. I think there is the opportunity as we move forward with the strategy to gain some of the traffic back to where Olive Garden has typically been and the leveraging that is in that model could actually provide margins that are well above what we’ve been in the past couple of years.  So we’re not giving much up with the guest we have today for that opportunity to bring more guests in to the future as we increase the appeal and the breath of their offerings. 
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah let me start out and Clarence can add on. We talked about the $60 million that has been a Darden number, we’re well on that path. That has largely been support services that Darden provides to the restaurants and the brands.  So we would expect as we move forward to be pretty close to that $60 million but even as you mentioned, as we look forward and as a part of the separation, we see this as a great opportunity to reassess, reevaluate our support platform, starting there first, that I would expect as we continue to learn more and we’re bringing in strong outside expertise to help us look at it differently than we have, that there is no reason that we shouldn’t be at or above that $60 million on a support level basis. So, all those cost savings are coming at the G&A level and will also branch out in to the other areas.  So I feel pretty comfortable that, that number is what it is and we'll probably continue to grow even on a Darden basis ex the Red Lobster piece. 
C. Bradford Richmond: I think one thing we're tapping into their experiences and expertize is on the revenue side as well, have a different perspective or fresh look at that. We'll get into that soon. We haven't started that part of the work yet but we look at that as a further opportunity for us as well. 
C. Bradford Richmond: John as we described effort, Phase 1 was the $19 million in operating savings that we achieved. And we're entering in to Phase 2 and we haven't really scoped what the total opportunity is in Phase 2. We do think there is an opportunity. However we are working with A&M to allow us to, we want to make sure we get their perspective on what the opportunity might be also.  But we have not quantified this opportunity. We think there is opportunity there. But as you go into the second round of Phase 2 it won't be as easy as Phase 1 unless A&M comes up with something that we've just missed. 
C. Bradford Richmond: I think this is actually net of some of the re-investment we've made. So we have re-invested some of the cost saves that we have got out of simplification effort. And the $19 is net of that. 
C. Bradford Richmond: Yeah, in that $60 million, a portion of that is -- it's all within SG&A. A portion of that is within the marketing area, where we have made some investments in the past that didn't deliver sufficient returns that we want to keep that. And so the marketing portion will come down some and we highlight some of those. There is a little bit of pull back that we've done in the third quarter. But on a profitability basis I don't believe it had a meaningful impact to us. 
C. Bradford Richmond: Well for Red Lobster in this particular quarter their SG&A was actually better, I believe it's around the 100-120 basis points than the prior year. A portion of that was G&A savings within the brand, things that they had been working on. But a portion of that was the reduced marketing support, particularly in the December-January time frame. And so it did lead to a portion of our same restaurant sales decline. We had anticipated that but when we look at the cost of the media to attract those sales everything fell within our earnings expectations that we had going into the quarter. 
