Gene Lee: Yes. Let me take a stab at this a little broader, John and just the coupons, because I am not sure we can get right to the number that you are looking for. I mean I think the coupon number probably was about 1% of sales. And so trying to say, okay, what’s that driving guest count? I think that’s a little bit harder to get at. When I look at that line in the P&L, it’s about – it was about 1%. Let me just put Olive Garden’s performance in context for everybody. Obviously, I am thrilled with their performance. We only have 2.5% check in the business over the last 2 years. That’s compared to a little over 5% for the industry. I mean, that’s a strategic choice that we continue to make and we think it’s the right choice. And if you just assume that the marketing was breakeven, I mean, you got to add another 10 points to the sales. And so basically, they are flat, flattish and you take out that marketing, that’s a big number. The other thing and then Rick alluded to this in his script I mean we are still struggling from a staffing standpoint, primarily because of the exclusions. And if you think about that, that’s limiting our sales. And it’s just – and the way I think about it, it’s just another way of capacity limitation. Just if you just think about it, on average, I guess we have one or two sections closed in most of our restaurants, most nights. So we are losing 6 to 8 tables. So there is, especially in Olive Garden, that’s putting a cap on what we can do for sales. So, when I think about the overall and I sum up Olive Garden’s performance, I just think that we are doing unbelievable. We have got 23.2% restaurant level earnings percentage. Our profit grew $25 million over pre-COVID. This is just – this is an impressive business. And we are just – we are reevaluating over time how we are going to take this business to market when we think about couponing, when we think about overall promotional activity and full marketing.
Gene Lee: Hey, Andrew. Thanks for the question. I would say is we have done a lot of things to help increase staff flow – or applicant flow. And one of those that I talked about was the new system we put in place. We haven’t really seen a dramatic change in staffing flow from when we put that new system in place to when the unemployment benefit started to eliminate. So we think we have been getting staffing flow even before that happened. We have, as we said, staffing challenges. And the challenges are a little bit more in certain parts of the country, but not necessarily driven by unemployment benefits. It’s just driven by when they have opened up versus not when they have opened up. We are not so worried about getting great applicants, because we are getting them right now.
Gene Lee: Yes, Andrew, I still think that the off-premise mix will come down at Olive Garden and at LongHorn as the dining rooms continue to fill and people feel more comfortable going out to eat in a restaurant. We were starting to see that some when COVID was winding down before the Delta variant spiked. We were starting to see our percent of sales go down. And then when the Delta variant spike came back, we started to see that percent go back up. So, we don’t believe that 27% is where we will be in the immediate long-term after COVID is over. We still think somewhere in the 20s, but that all depends. I mean, we have made a lot of great investments in our technology. We have made it easier for our team members to handle all of the orders. We have made it easier for our guests to order, to pay, to do the things that I mentioned in the earnings – in the call. And so we do believe that our To Go as a percent of sales is going to be greater than it was than we ever thought it would be before COVID. That’s because we are getting a lot of people that have come to Olive Garden into LongHorn that hadn’t done that – hadn’t done To Go before. So – and they are getting a great experience.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think that might be overthinking it just a little bit. I mean the steakhouse category has been strengthening even be pre-COVID, strengthened through COVID. I think that LongHorn as, as we have discussed, has benefited somewhat from geographical footprint that has been – when you think their footprint heavy Georgia, heavy Florida, I also think that we have made a lot of investments in LongHorn over the last 5 or 6 years. And I think they are really – they have come through. I would also say that operating these smaller footprints has been easier to – a little bit easier through COVID. We need a lot less employees to run at LongHorn. I think we are fully – basically fully staffed in that business. And so I think it’s all come together and running real well. As far as Fine Dining goes, I mean we are thrilled to see the level – the sales volumes we did this summer in Fine Dining. I will tell you that there is still a heavy drag on Fine Dining in the major cities. We are still down 40% in our 3 Manhattan locations, a little bit less than that in the other major cities, but we are seeing a big uptick in Suburbia in Fine Dining, which has been fantastic. And so that business has been robust. I never thought in my wildest dreams, I’d see the kind of absolute numbers that we saw this summer in Fine Dining, which has been fantastic. So, I think there is some celebratory out there. I think that – I think people who aren’t traveling for business as much as they used to are using Fine Dining restaurants maybe a little bit more on the weekend, which has been great to see. And I think the only other thing that I would say on Fine Dining is Sundays become a legitimate sales day in Fine Dining, which was really pre-COVID kind of a throwaway day and most – unless you are in a convention city and a convention start on Sunday, but Sunday is our real legitimate day now, which is taking – operationally has taken some adjustments for us to get used to.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think the biggest impact has been we transformed those business models, and we’ve talked about the transformation we’ve made at Cheddar’s. Also Bahama Breeze had a significant transformation there. We’re doing some good work in Yard House. We’re making some more investments in the food. We’ve got that business model in a good place. So we think there is good outsized, hopefully, good growth in that business. So we have a lot more confidence in investing on new capital into these segments. I mean we’ve also – I mean Seasons is another business that’s really made significant improvement, so that we’re confident to reinvest in that business. So as the real estate becomes available, we have more options. We’re confident and more options to use that real estate. So if we go into a market where we already have a great Olive Garden and great LongHorn, we have a property or a brand that we can put on top of that great piece of real estate and confident that we’re going to get a really good return from that. And so it’s given our real estate and development team a little bit more flexibility now that we have this confidence in these businesses that we can grow in.
Gene Lee: Jake, I think that the limited menu is not impacting Olive Garden at all, and I’ll go back to the context I provided in the beginning. If you just use the breakeven on the advertising, we’d be up double digits in this business. And we don’t do advertising to break even. Again, the recovery in Olive Garden, I think, has been stronger than most. And I define recovery based on how much profit we make. And I keep looking at that profitability number, and I’m really pleased. So I don’t think the limited menu is having any impact on our ability to drive top line in that business. I’d go back to some of the things I outlined in the beginning. As far as independents adding menu items, more power to it. They think that’s what’s going to drive their business, let them make those decisions. We’re very comfortable where we are with our menus at this point in time.
Gene Lee: Well, I think for the short-term, I think – I don’t think you’ll see us change our marketing strategies at all or, I guess, our tactics at all at this point in time. I think longer term, I think I’m going to go back to what I talked about last call was, we’re still waiting to determine what – what is the equilibrium of this business? What’s going to be on-premise? What’s going to be off-premise? What’s the competitive set look like? This additional kind of ramp-up in COVID, I think, is stressing out more restaurants, so maybe there is going to be some more closures. I don’t know – we don’t know. And so we’re just searching for equilibrium. And once we get to that equilibrium, we will develop a strategy and implement tactics that we think will best position our brands to be able to grow profitably into the future. But at this point for us to talk about that and kind of say where we think that’s going to end up, that would be – that’s just a huge mistake because we just don’t know what environment we’re going to be operating in.
Gene Lee: Good try, Jeff. I’m not going to comment on forward-looking on sales. I will just say that I will say in our commentary about the trends is that as COVID started to pick up, especially in the Southeast and Florida was hard hit where we have a huge footprint. You’ve got – you had the impact of the Delta variant, and you also had back-to-school in a lot of these territories at that time. So we’re having a hard time teasing out what was seasonality, what was the impact of the variant. And that’s one of the reasons why we gave – we’re not going to get in the habit of given quarter-to-date sales at this call, but we felt that there was enough change in the sales environment that we wanted to be explicit that our sales have come back a little bit in September after falling a little bit in August. We think some of that has to do with COVID, some of that has to do, maybe there is a little bit less seasonality in the business. There is so many different variables impacting us week-to-week, month-to-month right now. It’s very difficult to tease out. And so we’re just being as transparent as we possibly can. You know where we’re at quarter-to-date, and I’m not going to comment on what. We’ve given you guidance for the rest of the year, and that’s what we think we’re going to be able to do.
Gene Lee: Jeff, I guess it’s a very good question, right? So I think – first of all, I think we could all agree that lower income consumer is going to be disproportionately impacted by increases in inflation. And that consumer is a big part of our guests make-up for our casual brands. So we’re incredibly focused on the longer term pushback, not so much short term. People say, well, we’re pushing this off on the guest, no one’s pushing back. Eventually, there is going to be pushback. And so we’re making a strategic choice, especially in Olive Garden and I’ll say for Cheddar’s, is that we’re being very cautious with pricing, and we want to make sure that this big group of consumers that we service feel as though they can still come to our restaurants and get an extremely great value for what they have to pay. And so I think that those who manage through this prudently, those who really take a longer look, we will get through this okay. I think those who pass through a lot of price that aren’t really managing their costs effectively, I think we’ve got to really think about how we manage our cost going forward. Because at some point, your average consumer could get priced out of casual dining, if it costs too much. And I think myself and my – and the entire team is really, really concerned about that. And that’s why we’ve made the strategic choice that we’ve made with pricing. And so I think we’re thinking about how do we position ourselves to excel in an inflationary environment.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think the one thing I would add that I did not mention in the comparables for this first quarter was 2 years ago, we were running buy one take one, which is a significant traffic-driving promotion. And we believe it does have some profitability tied to it. So that was weighing on the comparable performance in Q1. David, I really don’t know. I mean, I think that we’re looking at Olive Garden more on a bottom line perspective than just the top line at this point in time. It makes no sense at all any business today to be advertised and driving sales in the restaurants that are – you aren’t assured that you are 100% fully staffed and can provide a great dining experience. Until we get to that and we feel certain that we have that every single day without having to deal with exclusions, we’re not going to get out there and try to push people into these restaurants. It just makes no sense to me. And so when I look at what we’re doing in Olive Garden and I continue to just be thrilled and continue to exceed my expectations. And it seems as though we continue to disappoint the sell-side expectations on this. But this is a very, very difficult operating environment. And I think that some of those things, if COVID, if you can tell me what’s going to happen with COVID moving forward, then I can tell you that some of this stuff will ease. But when COVID is still prevalent in our communities, we’re not going to know what the full potential or what I refer to as equilibrium is for a while.
Gene Lee: Good morning, Brett. I think let me just comment on maybe some regionality more so than get into the competitive situation. I think that we’ve been very pleased with how California has come back. I spent some time in California this quarter. It was a lot different than what I thought it was going to be. So I think that our sales have come back there since the middle of July, very strong. So we’re very pleased with what’s happening out there. We felt some pressure in Georgia and Florida over the last 6 to 8 weeks with the Delta variant. Texas didn’t have much impact, and Texas seems to have a mind of its own. The Northeast has never really come back from where it was. It’s still performing okay, but hasn’t really rebounded. And then we’ve got pockets today where you just – you can just look at the heat map for COVID, you know that you’re going to have some sales problems. So you’ve got some Tennessee, Kentucky, West Virginia issues today. But overall, I mean, I would say there is not a tremendous amount of difference in regionality. As far as margins go, the way I would think about that is we will eventually get back to our framework where we think we can get to 10% to 30% once we figure out where equilibrium is. And I’m – I don’t think any of us should sit here today and say, what’s the ceiling or where these businesses run long-term. We do think that we’ve made some really great strategic choices over the last couple of years. We’ve transformed our business models. We’ve learned a lot. We’ve learned a real lot through this on how to be more efficient. And I don’t think you’ll see us give that up. And as long as we can continue to drive the top line, there is no reason why we can’t hang on to these margins.
Gene Lee: Yes. No comments on quarter-to-date. We gave you a number which I don’t like to do and that’s – I’m not going to talk about it anymore. As far as off-prem goes and trying to drive that, it’s very, very difficult to drive that business specifically without discounting. And we don’t want to discount. And there is – part of the labor problems and dealing with the exceptions impacts off-premise too. It takes less labor, but you still need to cook, you still need all these people to produce the food. And so we’re trying to – when we think about this, we’re trying to create great guest experiences, whether it’s on-prem or off-prem. And as Rick outlined in his prepared remarks, dealing with these exclusions, I mean, it’s not like we get a lot of notice that we’ve got seven people that are excluded from the restaurant, and I was seven people short for the night. You got to adapt and try to overcome those challenges. And so I think that where we’re at right now, we are doing some things off-premise without discounting. And on the weekends, we have to throttle the off-premise business. In other words, we can’t – we’ve got to control how many orders we do every 15 minutes. And each brand has a different way of throttling. Each restaurant can throttle differently. But on average, I’ll give you an idea is that we only take four orders to go every 15 minutes, and there are a lot more orders than that. And so – and I think that, that’s – I think that’s something that we know we have excess demand, but we’ve got to be able to service the dining and service the off-prem.
Gene Lee: No, I think this is – Brian, this is the way to think about it. This is the base business. And what we’re going to try to do is once we figure out where equilibrium is we will develop a strategy and implement tactics to be able to drive the business profitably. What we will want to do is put back in another $100 million of marketing, you only get $400 million in sales. And then you go back to some of the comments I made earlier is that we want to make sure that we’re focused on value. We think that with this inflation going through, there is going to be longer term is going to be – the winners are they going to be the ones who provide exceptional value to the consumer. And we’re trying to position Olive Garden to be that brand. It’s historically done well in downturns. And if we have a downturn, we want to position it to do really well. I think we will promote again. Don’t get me wrong. We will promote again. We just think we will do it differently. And we are thinking – we think a lot more about the opportunity cost around the value of that table when we’re extremely busy and how not to have guests sitting at that table paying less than full price. Even though it’s a value proposition, we don’t – if we want to be value and focus on value, we don’t want to be discounting off a value platform. And I think that’s really important. And so we’ve got to figure that out once we get there. We’ve got contingency plans right now. We think we know what we want to do. But we need to see what the competitive environment is, and we need to see what the economic backdrop is.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think it’s all going to depend on where we are with this variant and what the levels are, especially in some of the bigger markets. I would sit here today and say I think it’s going to be a robust holiday season. I think we have a robust holiday season for all our restaurants in all of retail. I think that the consumer is still fairly healthy from a financial standpoint. And we will know more in the next six weeks to eight weeks as we start thinking about we start seeing the bookings. One trend that we have seen over the last six weeks to eight weeks is we have seen a lot of cancellations of larger parties or gatherings inside the fine dining restaurants as people aren’t as comfortable gathering in big groups as they may have been in the mid-summer. But I would expect this to be a robust holiday season if the variant is under control.
Gene Lee: Yes. I don’t think we want to put a number. I will say more than 1,000. We think that there is a pathway to get there. I think it’s dangerous to say, I have been in this business doing this for a long time, and every time we run a brand, we put out numbers that we think are potential. The brand is really strong. We kind of get through those numbers pretty easily. So, let’s just say we – one of our underlying belief is that convenience is going to continue to matter. We are going to need to build restaurants closer to where people live. And we also believe in, especially in Olive Garden that we can build in more remote areas that have these large, what I would call these like 60-mile trade areas where people travel in and out to get things and dine. And so we are pretty excited about where we can take Olive Garden, especially if we can maintain over 20% off-premise. That opens up some more trade areas. We just continue to open Olive Gardens and amazed. And we continue to be amazed at the volumes we do and then the returns that we are getting. So, we definitely think we can get over 1,000 fairly easily.
Gene Lee: Yes. First of all, I don’t think the labor shortage is just the restaurant industry, I think it’s a national problem. I think that we see it with our vendors. We see it in other places. We all have associated maybe with some other companies that we see this challenge every single day. So, I do think that as we think about the restaurant proposition, I think we have to all understand what do restaurant team members want. I mean they want an opportunity to be able to work in an environment that is well run. They want flexibility. They want growth depending on what they are using the job for. And a lot of restaurant jobs are pass-through. They are kind of – let’s get from point A to point B. And I think as we have to continue to find ways to improve that proposition. I think that one of the things that I am really most proud of is how many people that come into us as an hourly employee and that we are able to get into management. We got – in the last three months or four months, we have got almost 500 team members we have taken from our hourly ranks and moved them into management ranks. And I love that growth. I love that opportunity. When I am in the field, I would love to meet these people and they are just – they are so excited about their future and their potential. So, I think it’s – I think those who have resources, and I think this is where scale is going to matter, too. Those who have resources that can create employment proposition that’s stronger than others will attract people. There is no doubt that I think that we are in a lot better shape than others in this – with labor at this point in time. I don’t think it’s something – I think it’s going to come down to be an individual situation, which company and, more importantly, it gets down to the restaurant manager, the GM and inside each of that box, can they create an environment where people want to work. And that’s how we will attract people. Where we have our best leadership, we do not have people problems.
Gene Lee: No, I think you got to have competitive pay. And I think that’s only one aspect of the employment proposition. There has been pressure on wage now for a few years, even before COVID. I think there will be pressure on wage as we move forward. But I don’t think it all comes down to just pay. I mean, I think if you – I don’t think the problems for the industry go away just because we are going to – if we pay more.
Gene Lee: We did not quantify the – any impact on sales from the exclusions. That’s something that’s – we can’t do that. No, we have no methodology to do that. As far as M&A goes, I mean, we are at the same place. We are a platform company. Management and the Board continue to evaluate options. And when we find an option that we think that makes sense, maybe we will do some. Right now, I would just pivot to say that we are extreme – as I talked about in my prepared remarks, we are really focused on growing our existing brands. We love how healthy our brands are, vibrant and how good strong the business models are. We think opening our own restaurants right now is the best way to create value for our shareholders.
Gene Lee: Yes. Unit growth, its acquiring sites as this was hard as it was pre-COVID. I mean it’s people are out there competing not just restaurants or just not restaurants competing for space. I mean retailers use the spaces that we use. Banks use the spaces that we use. There are a lot – there is a lot of competition out there. It’s definitely getting more expensive. We are seeing construction costs start to moderate. I will tell you that having been an investment-grade credit does help with landlords. And how we behave through the crisis and how we paid our rent is not forgotten with these landlords. So, I think that we have a very exciting group of brands to put on pieces of property and people are excited as Darden as the tenant. As far as why is 3%, where we believe the right number to be, it comes down to people. I think that the most important decision we make on running this kind of business is who is going to be the management team in that restaurant. And we need to make sure we have people that can handle that responsibility. Especially in our smaller brands, it’s really tough to really ramp up that growth because you rip through your human resources quickly. Every time you open a restaurant, you really have two new general managers. You have taken an existing General Manager and Managing Partner from an existing business, putting them in a new business and then you got somebody new in the existing business. So, you have two businesses at risk. And we are doing this for the amount of years that I have done it. I think that for Darden, 3% growth rate is really maxing out our human resources and our ability to do this correctly. And it takes a lot to open a restaurant. It takes a real lot to open a restaurant, and we need to do it right. And if you don’t open a restaurant right and get it right in that first six months, they tend to be a problem for up to 3 years. And that’s why we are pretty conservative on how we think about this.
Gene Lee: I would say there is two ways to think about it. Number one, in your Tier 1 trade areas, you are not going to see a lot of closures, right. So, even in a below average restaurant can make it in a Tier 1 environment, unless the rent is too onerous. So, you are seeing more of the closures in your secondary and tertiary sites, especially from independents in the casual space and some chain restaurants. Now in some of the Tier 1 sites, you are seeing some independent closure on fine dining. I believe that those will be the first to come back. Those are built out as restaurants. They will get recapitalized very quickly going to let chef and other owners. So, I do think those will come back. But I would summarize this by saying you are not seeing in your Tier 1. You are seeing it more in your tertiary areas where you have seen a lot of closures.
Raj Vennam: Sure, John. Let me start by saying we have – you saw us we increased our forecast for sales. So, that gives us a little bit of, I guess, less need to have to go back into the market than what we are already anticipating. So, some of that increased sales impact is baked into our estimate. As we look at Q2 and Q3, we have more visibility clearly into – a lot more into Q2 and some decent visibility into Q3. Q4 is one that’s probably we will have to figure out where things shake out, but we do – we did have higher inflation last year in Q4. But all-in-all, the way we are thinking about it is, Q1, we had about 5.5%. We have about 80% contracted for Q2 based on the updated volume. And then for Q3, I think we have around 60% contracted out. So, we feel pretty good about that. Could there be some movement? Absolutely. But I think that’s where we showed you, I think, in the first quarter how we have the ability to manage through that. I mean, I think the fact I mentioned about the business model improvements as well as other levers we have at our disposable – at our disposal to help us manage through that fairly well.
Raj Vennam: Yes. And I think the other thing is really the starting point is not apples-to-apples. That’s what we keep trying to come back to is Olive Garden had a lot of – we talked about the promotion in Q1. We had a lot of market – the best – one of their best promotions and we had a lot of marketing dollars in there. So when you – when you’re trying to compare it to the 2 years ago number, your starting point is off. That’s where we would argue that’s 10 points lower or more. So if you start with that, Olive Garden accelerated. And that’s where there is some volatility when you look at that by brand because of the promotional differences.
Raj Vennam: Yes. I would say at a high level, it’s probably, think of it as about a 1% impact on a 2-year because we’re comparing to pre-COVID, as you look at it, yes, think of it as about a point impact.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Hi Jeff, I will speak to the year. What’s contemplated in our guidance is pricing just under 2%. So, if you think about our total inflation being 4% in this – in the forecast we provided, our outlook we provided, we are assuming pricing just under 2%.
Raj Vennam: David, this is Raj. So, restaurant expenses per operating week were on an absolute basis, were slightly below. I think we are at about a point below where we were pre-COVID. We have found some efficiencies through the pandemic on some contract services and some R&M. I do think some of the costs will come back in a little bit, but it’s still going to be a point of leverage. I mean a line that we are going to continue to see some improvement versus pre-COVID. Is it going to stay at the 110, 120 range, probably not. It all – again, also it depends on where the sales are. But we are managing – that’s one line where we have been able to manage well and keep it fairly flat or actually slightly below where we were pre-COVID.
Raj Vennam: So, let me answer the last question first. No, we don’t expect it to get back to that at this point. But then on the restaurant expense line, like I said, it’s really contract services. We continue to look at our vendors and continue to work with them on how to kind of optimize, streamline some of this, and that’s part of that. There was a little bit less R&M that has been catching up. And I think by Q1, we are more closer to pre-COVID levels on that line. But there is a little bit more on that line that I think will come back. But beyond that, there is really no specific one item here or there. I mean there is music, there is other stuff that we talk about, but these are – it’s in multiple places.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Hi Andy. So, we actually don’t have a Labor Day shift because our fiscal years – we are giving you fiscal comps and our labor – because of the 53 weeks that we had in fiscal ‘19, we actually have apples-to-apples for Labor Day. There was clearly some impact from Hurricane Dorian that about 2 years ago that we had talked about that impacted the first few weeks a little bit. High level, maybe a point or so at the time, I can’t recall exactly, but that’s what I would say.
Raj Vennam: So, let me answer it without getting to the specifics on that. Q2 is one where we do think because of the low volumes and low margins to begin with, you are probably going to have a little bit more improvement than a typical quarter. But I would say that Q2 is also one quarter where we are probably going to have the highest inflation as we look at where we are sitting, right. And so, it’s going to be higher than Q1 in terms of inflation.
Raj Vennam: Okay. Brian, for September quarter-to-date, the numbers we are referencing are versus pre-COVID. So, as you rightly pointed out, there is a seasonality as you come into September. September is, I think, generally the lowest seasonal month for us and the industry in casual space. But with that said, on the G&A front, like I said, if you take out the $15 million of the unique items that we had this quarter, that would be a good run rate to use as you look forward.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, David, this is Rick. I did say 90% of pre-COVID staffing levels. Assuming the volume that we have today, right, so volume will drive how much staffing you need. So think about that. We probably need somewhere in the single-digit number of team members in our restaurants. We have some restaurants that need a little bit more because of the location they are in. But as I said, most of our restaurants are fairly well staffed. And so as the volumes start to increase, we continue to hire. And so it really depends on where the volumes end up. But we don’t believe that we would need the same number of people that we did before COVID at the same volume levels with these new venues. Yes. And the other thing that’s happening now is we’ve got team members that are coming into the industry that may not be able to work the same number of hours. So it really all depends on the hours that people can work and the days they can work. So staffing levels in a number of people versus where we were pre-COVID probably isn’t the best indicator, but it’s a pretty good one. And again, as I said, we’ve increased our productivity. So all equal, same number of hours for a person, same number of guest count for someone we would need fewer people.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Brian, it’s Rick. A couple of things about LongHorn, one is they have a smaller total team than Olive Garden does, right? So – and they actually were in parts of the country early in the pandemic that opened up a lot faster. So their staffing challenges aren’t nearly where Olive Garden would be. And actually, right now, they have more team members than they did pre-COVID, but they are doing a lot more volume. So their staffing challenges are really the same thing on exclusions. And if you think about the exclusions, a lot of it impacts the kitchen. And so as long as they have got enough people working in the kitchen that they have an exclusion, they can continue to drive sales through that. It’s not as big an issue for them. So if you think about a LongHorn, probably 60% of the total team members of a restaurant than an Olive Garden does. And so when you have exclusions, it’s not as big of an impact for LongHorn.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. I’ll just make a couple of quick things. I mean, when you think about like the other business, we got all – mostly Yard House back in the quarter. And Fine Dining, we got a lot more full capacity back in the second quarter. LongHorn has just the – steakhouse segment has just done extremely well. So I think that’s really the big change.
Rick Cardenas: Hi, Lauren, it’s Rick. Yes, we eliminated – well, we stopped the test of loyalty right when COVID started. We didn’t believe it was the right thing to do during the time that we were making sure that we can get our restaurants open and up and running. We are working right now on everyday value. As we’ve talked about for Olive Garden, we want to make sure that our value perception continues to improve. It’s already great in all of our brands. And so right now, we haven’t decided to even test again. That may come down to – may happen someday. But what we don’t want to do is provide a loyalty program that provides a discount to the highest used consumer. So if we have a loyalty program, we will work on something that’s different. Now I will say we were seeing positive trends in our loyalty program before. But that was a point-based discounted program that in the long run, we don’t think is the right way to do loyalty in the restaurant business.
Rick Cardenas: Hi Dennis, this is Rick. Just a broad message on technology first is our goal is to implement technology really that reduces friction across every part of the value chain and while we respond to growing desire for choice and personalization from our guests. They want choice, they want to be personal – they want personal experiences. And so one of – a few of the things that we did in the first quarter, just to give you an idea, we added Apple Pay and Google Pay to olivegarden.com. We were already able to use PayPal to pay for you To Go order. And now over 25% of our mobile app transactions are paid via PayPal and these other wallets, where it’s much more convenient to our guests to pay. We have updated the curbside, I am here experience for our guests when they have to go. Still not including geo-fencing, but it’s coming as well. And we have just started AB testing for Olive Garden and online recommendations for items. I am not going to talk about what we are doing in future quarters, but we have more improvements. We continue to invest in this digital platform. Our goal for guest facing is to lead our segment when it comes to relevance and convenience for our guests. And we will continue to do that. Will we lead the restaurant industry, no, the quick service players are going to probably spend more and do more things in technology, but we are going to learn what they are doing and see what we can bring to our space. But we are going to lead the full-service restaurant space in technology for guest facing.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Nicole, we haven’t seen a whole lot of pickup back in catering yet. We did see during COVID more catering to homes than to businesses. But since business spending and people still haven’t gone back to offices, we haven’t seen a huge pickup, but we are seeing some. We are seeing some growth in catering, but it hasn’t been dramatic. We will see what happens during the holiday season this year. But right now, not a huge, huge jump in catering from what happened while COVID was going on.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, John, this is Rick. On the turnover front, we are actually starting to see our turnover get improved dramatically from where it was kind of during COVID and even coming right out of COVID. We are still well better than the casual dining industry in turnover and especially in the first 90-day turnover, right. And that really is a testament to the training that we are doing to these new team members when they are coming in. Now, turnover is still higher than it was pre-COVID, but it’s getting much better, and it’s still much better than the industry.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. I would say if you think about the percent of our team members that are in the first 90 days, they are not as productive as team members that are – have been with us for a year. And we do have a higher percentage of team members that are with us for the first 90 days than we were 2 years ago. So, there are some productivity improvements that we can do for those new team members. And we are spending a little bit more in training than we did 2 years ago because of that. And so there might be some chance to offset some of those things. But that will just come from inflation down the road. But yes, operating, we are operating well all of our operating metrics. If you think about our guest satisfaction metrics, they are still at the same levels they were over the last three months or four months, even with these new team members.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Chris, this is Rick. We do – in the restaurant-facing things that aren’t guest-facing, our primary goal is to improve productivity and simplify processes. We believe we have a world-class scheduling system, and that does a great job taking the General Manager’s forecast and scheduling a great schedule. What isn’t world-class, and it is the user interface for the manager to make it easier for them. So, we continue to do things to make it easier for managers to do things faster, so they can get with guests and they can train their team members and be with guests more. We have some things for our team members and what we have done with To Go in the kitchen. And we are looking at machine learning and AI to do better forecasting. So, there is a lot of things that we are working on, especially in the kitchen, making it easier to order and receive product, do inventory and those kind of things. On the service side, we are testing a few things that may make it easier for them. But what we don’t want to do is have technology override the experience for the guests. So, we will continue to make these investments in our technology, in our kitchen technology and our To Go technology to help improve productivity.
