Gene Lee: Yes. Good morning, David. Let’s start with the industry. We are seeing a little bit of momentum there, little bit uptick in traffic. But, the real change that we’re seeing, as we analyze the benchmarks is that the check average appears to be growing and has picked up some steam. And as we look at that, we’re trying to analyze whether that is the industry taking more pricing, is it a pullback on some discounting, is it change in promotional strategy. At this point, we really don’t have a good feel, but we do see that check average is up over 3% and it’s been that way for almost the last 90 days. So, that’s a significant move up. And we’ve seen a tick up in traffic but not at the same rate as overall sales. As far as the fourth quarter, I mean, we gave our guidance -- we think that we’re comfortable in that range. We do have some tough laps. But, we think that we’ve made -- we’re making good long-term decisions. We think there’s value in the menu. We think we’re operating and executing at a high level. So, I think we’re -- obviously, we’re very comfortable with the guidance that we just put forth. You know you did make the comments to introduce the fourth quarter weather issue. We have -- we’ve been -- in this quarter and every week, we had a major snow impact for at least one day. I will add and I think added this during the hurricanes is that weather impacts today are greater than they were 5 or 10 years ago, because of the media hype around the situation. And so, kind of tough for us to -- and this would be the only common I’ll make about fourth quarter. It’s been tough for us to get any type of read around fourth quarter, because of the weather impacts in March.
Gene Lee: No. I think we believe that we -- actually, we’re going to run promotion. I mean, we have taken the promotional calendar; we’ve gone from 9 to 6 promotions this year. We think that’s a huge operational benefit. So, our promotional timing is not lining up exactly with last year. We do have great promotions at the start in two weeks. So, we think that will be really strong. As we change the promotional cadence or we also change on media cadence, which makes our ability to analyze our business week-to-week a little bit more difficult. But, we’re confident that we’ve got a group promotion for the back half of the fourth quarter. And we think we’ve got the right media plan. And so, that’s all but incorporating the guidance we gave you.
Gene Lee: As far as the gap would, I would point you back to our long-term framework and say that we’re focused on trying to deliver between 1% and 3% same-restaurant sales on a consistent basis. And I know, there is a lot of attention and a lot of concern about our GAAP. I would point -- I’d go back and look at a two-year stack, we didn’t lose that much momentum on a two-year stack, also we lost a lot less momentum on the guest count. We appear to have a lot less price in our menu compared to our competitors, which we think is a really great thing and will play out over the long-term. As far as labor goes, I think the key to labor is simplification. And we’ll continue to try to simplify our menu, simplify our processes. And we’ve done a good job. I thought the graph that Rick showed in his prepared remarks, shows that we are getting some productivity improvement to offset some of the wage rate increase. It’s a line that I don’t think that we’re going to leverage here in the near-term. But, we’re trying to keep it as flat as we possibly we can. And I look at our businesses. I’m not so sure that there is a piece of equipment out there that’s going to help us improve, or any technology is going to help us improve our efficiencies back there. My belief and my belief always be that it starts with your menu and it starts with all your processes and procedures as your products come in your back door. And that’s what we’re going to focus on.
Gene Lee: Yes. Anna, thanks for the question. On the commodity front, we contract at different times of the year. We’ve got a great supply chain team that decides when the right time is to buy, looking at forward rates et cetera. We haven’t seen a lot of commodity inflation. As we’ve said, we were slightly below 1% in the quarter. What I would say is more of the pricing you’re seeing from some competitors is probably to cover the labor, not necessarily the commodities. What we also know is that as demand has picked up, supply has picked up. So, it’s helped keep the commodities from inflating dramatically. And we also in our presentation show that we’ve got inflation expected in the back -- in the last quarter in the low single digits. We’ve got an appendix back there. The one place we are seeing a little bit of inflation in the food is on the distribution side. It’s getting a little bit tougher and tougher to find people to drive trucks. So, we’re seeing a little bit of distribution expense, but that’s driven by labor, not necessarily the food cost.
Gene Lee: Yes. I don’t think it’s had a lot of impact on Kachina Me [ph]. It’s only rolling offering from 3 to 5. I mean, we see that -- Early Dinner Duos is just an opportunity to attract the clientele that is looking for value during really the only time when Olive Garden has some capacity. So, we see it as. Obviously, there is some people trading and they were coming in at 5.30, they’re now coming at 4.45. But we think this is -- over the next couple of years, we think this is a real growth opportunity for us just to build this value visit for people who aren’t really time-sensitivity around when they’re eating. And we hope that over time, we’ll just backfill anybody that we shift down into an earlier time zone. So, we think, this is a great way to offer value to our consumers in a period of time when our restaurants aren’t very full.
Gene Lee: Well, if you hear the prepared remarks, we talked about what our normalized rate would have been in the third quarter. It was about 19. So, if you’re doing the math to get to the 16 to 16.5 and you’re getting to around 20, it’s not really that different from what our rate would have been in Q3.
Gene Lee: I’ll answer the last part of the question first. I mean, we’ll not change the first part of next year. We’ll have completely lapped this. We’ve been working this all year. We haven’t talked too much about it primarily for competitive reasons. We did want to call it out this time, because Buy One Take One is one of our most successful promotions. And we’re not sure how we’re going to be able to really -- how well we’re going to be able to offset that. As far as giving some guidance into the fourth quarter, all I’d point you back to is our guidance. We’ve taken into account what we think the headwinds will be from removing that promotion, and it’s in our full guidance. I’m not going to give any more color on that. 
Gene Lee: Yes. I think right now, we’re just -- we’re really focused on continuing the integration. And Cheddar’s building the solid foundation for that brand and ensuring we get it on the right growth path before we consider doing anything else.
Gene Lee: No, that’s exactly the opposite. Buy One Take One is a very, very profitable platform and it’s not heavily discounted, because it is a prepared meal that’s going home with the consumer and it goes home without soup, salad and breadsticks. So, the overall package -- it’s very additive actually. So, it’s a powerful driver -- guest driver and it’s also on average, I believe it’s an average type promotional construct.
Gene Lee: Yes. We’re not -- as last quarter, we’re not going to talk about the specifics of where those investment dollars are going to go. They’re going to go to improve our overall experience for our guests or our team members. And for competitive reasons, we’re not going to talk in a whole lot of detail about that.
Gene Lee: I think, it’s a great question. It’s an ongoing process. And when I look at the overall system, I think there is -- and I tried to allude to this in my prepared comments. This is a complex business; it’s doing a lot of guests. And we believe after being involve now for almost the year, simplification is the key. We’ve got to simplify the processes. In the restaurants that we’ve recently acquired, I think we’re really focused on the fundamentals. We’re focused on getting -- continuing to develop great general managers in these businesses. We have some staffing challenges in the restaurants that we’ve acquired recently. So, I think about getting back to basics and making sure we have the right management team in place, we have the right number of employees scheduled at the right time. I think one of the things that we’ve learned in this is when you buy a small franchisee where their owners aren’t financiers, but they’re really the operating owners and they operate the business and there is a lot of a motion is a heart and soul of these businesses. And when you remove them, you might have a little bit more turnover than you thought. You have a little bit -- you have some cultural issues. And it’s going to take time to rebuild out and integrate those restaurants into a traditional corporate system. And I think that’s what we’re really going through. These restaurants that we bought, I think there is 10 or 11 of them in Georgia. These are really high volume restaurants. And even with the significant decline, they’re still at the system average after this. So, we’re really excited about the opportunity to get in there. We have excess to resources in Atlanta, because of our huge base in our other businesses. So, it’s going to take a little bit of time. But, I would say that when we look at it, we’re more optimistic today than were we bought the business about the opportunity. So, we believe we can have a significant impact on basic restaurant operations and improve the overall delivery and get the experience to the consumer. I can’t put a time table on it for you. You just need to know that we’re working really hard doing these basic things. As I say, we’re almost through the integration. Next year, we won’t be talking about the integration. The management won’t be even referring to integration of the restaurants. They’ll be going to systems they know. So, I think we’ve got a lot of work to do. But, we’re really excited about where we’re at and what the opportunities are.
Gene Lee: I think, it’s way too early to say that. And I would, again, based on the fact, the last three weeks we haven’t had a week where we haven’t had a significant interruption into our business because of weather. And so, I think it’s my belief it’ll take time for this extra incentive to get into -- get into our overall system, into our economy. But it’s got to be good news as how much of it flows to us. And I’ll go back to the well-positioned brands with great value equations are going to benefit. And I think that when I look at our portfolio, I think we have the opportunity to benefit from this.
Gene Lee: No. I think, we’ve seen some of that throughout the year as we’ve changed the cadence. I wouldn’t expect at this point in time anything dramatically to change. LongHorn was a little bit different. We were coming off a deep value platform and going to a different type of offer. This is -- we’re still in the same value range, it’s just a different type of promotion. And we’re -- we know that Buy One Take One was very, very successful. We believe that we are overexposing it. And just like Neverending Pasta, we only run that once a year. We need to run Buy One Take One once a year. So, I wouldn’t expect the big swing in profitability because of this change. Now where the profitability does come into play, as we move from 9 to 6 is from a labor standpoint. A0nd we’re moving less product around. We’re having less all team meetings to roll out new product. So that’s been embedded in our P&L throughout the year.
Gene Lee: No, we are -- you are correct. We’re lapping that promotion from last year. I think it was more just our intuition that told us that long-term you’ve got to protect the integrity of these promotions over time. And this is a great promotion. And we wanted to have its traffic drivability to continue on. And if you -- we know if we run it 16 weeks a year, it’s going to lose some of its effectiveness. So, to me it’s -- when you think about Neverending Pasta Bowl, it’s a great promotion, but you got to run it once a year and you’ve got to enjoy it once going on. And then, you’ve got to take it away. To make it powerful, it’s got to -- it can’t be there all the time.
Gene Lee: I would say that -- obviously, we’re thrilled in-restaurant business is continuing. I think it actually grew, they’re holding up all sign across the table here saying our in-store restaurant actually did grow a little bit, which is fantastic. And I think the analysis that you made was compared to the industry -- were equal to the industry. Well, the industry has got a lot of takeout growth in it too. So that’s really not a fair comparison. However, we’re focused on it in its totality. And when we think about Olive Garden, our goal is to deliver Olive Garden experience to people when and where they want it. We understand convenience is a big need state today. And so, we look at it in its totality. So, I guess, I would go to a day like Valentine’s Day, when there is no room to dine in Olive Garden, because we’re so busy; it’s our busiest takeout day of the year. And so, we’re able to deliver an Olive Garden experience to the consumer in a way they want it. They can’t get into the restaurant; they’re going to take it home. So, I think trying to isolate the two different need states is I think on the stake. And we got to look at it in its totality. There is definitely a continued focus on off-premise. We’re trying to maximize our opportunity there. But, we are really focused on making sure we’re creating a great in-restaurant experience because that’s the biggest part of our business. And our research tells us, the consumer is still looking for a great in-restaurant experience; and those who provide it, will continue to win.
Gene Lee: We are definitely trying to continue to create value to increasing the quality of the product in LongHorn and also watching what we’re doing from a pricing standpoint. The mix is coming from a couple of components. It’s coming from our simplification and we’re actually selling more add-ons. But, the biggest part of it is a reduction in discounting. And as we reduce our discounting pressure, our menu mix goes positive, which is just another form of creating value for the guest. So, when I look at the LongHorn mix for the quarter, 2%, 0.7 [ph] price, flat guest counts and I’m doing -- we’re doing this with a lot less discounting, I feel really good.
Gene Lee: Yes. I am been briefed recently on the recent CREST data. And again, CREST data is directional. But, what we’re seeing is large chains and independents picking up a little share and small chains actually donating that share. And so, that’s the most recent trend. Not a huge swing. I mean, we’re talking 10, 15, 20 basis points. There is not a lot of movement. But, it does seem like it’s coming on the small chains with large chains and independents growing. As far as -- as we look into the future, I mean, that’s hard -- I do think that the large players continue to have an advantage from a cost standpoint, from an advertising standpoint and will continue to -- should continue to take share, if we manage our businesses effectively.
Gene Lee: Yes. Two thoughts, first of all, the independent growth, there’s a coastal problem. It’s happening on the coast; it’s not really happening as much in Middle America. And secondly, I think that we’re also at the top end of cycle. I think we saw this in ‘05, ‘06 and ‘07 where there’s a lot of capital out there for people to open independent restaurants. And usually, independent growth slows down as that capital slows down. And a lot of these restaurants cannot withstand any type of shock. And as we saw in 2009 and 2010 and most a lot of them fell out. So, I think as we look forward, I think a lot is going to depend on the overall economic environment.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think, one of the things that we’re most impressed with Cheddar’s is the durability of their buildings. They’ve got a great design that’s been able to stand the test of time. And I don’t think that -- there is not any type of remodel program that is needed. There is a little bit of refresh. We got to do some signage, changes. But for the most part, the buildings that we have bought are in great condition. We do have some transformational work in the kitchen with some new equipment that we’re reporting into some restaurants and there will be some capital there, but that’s minimal.
Gene Lee: Yes. First of all, I’ll -- a lot in that question. But, I always say that weather hasn’t helped us from a takeout standpoint either. I mean, it’s -- we get to a certain point with this weather pattern that we’re in where restaurants are close. We can’t do takeout of a close. We take the safety of our team members very, very seriously and we close our restaurants, so that the takeout is not there. The second part of the question around our attitude towards delivery. I would say that we have focused on Olive Garden on a large party catering. We see that as a huge opportunity. We’re in the beginning parts of really starting to develop that. We are, again, as I’ve said before, we’re focused on these. The average order side is $300. As we continue to grow that business, it has some impact. We’re still talking with a lot of third-party delivery companies trying to understand how this is all going to shake out. And we’re testing, doing our own delivery. So, we’ve got a lot of things happening right now. And we’ll continue to analyze it and we’ll make the right decision for our business. And we have the right -- we have enough information that leads us to a conclusion.
Gene Lee: Yes. We’re obviously seeing good takeout growth in all of our brands, especially LongHorn as the consumer demands convenience. And so, it’s a significant part of the growth story in all of our businesses. But we’re focused -- we still believe, we’re focused on maximize the opportunity in Olive Garden, because the food travel is so well. And we have unique packaging. We have a unique product offering. And so, there is a lot more focus on really growing that. I would say in other businesses, we’re going with the demand of the consumer and we think that’s the place to be.
Gene Lee: On supply growth, I think what we’re seeing is we’re seeing some rationalization and we’re seeing some good growth. So, we’re -- the last CREST data, I saw and it was recent was that we’re basically a net -- no increase in restaurant growth year-over-year. But what we’re seeing is we’re seeing the weaker players start to close some restaurants; we’re seeing some independents fall out; then, we’re seeing new restaurants come back in. And the restaurant brands that are growing are strong and they are growing for a reason. So, the example I like to use is when you open a yard house and we do $8.5 million in sales, we didn’t create $8.5 million in sales in that marketplace, we stole that $8.5 million; it’s been redistributed. And so, as we see these stronger players continue to open, it does put some additional pressure on the business. I will tell you that the one thing I’ve noticed in the last 12 months or so which gives me confidence that the environment is somewhat improving is that our new restaurants are performing better. And it does feed into our belief that we’ve got to continue to build restaurants closer to where people live. They may be a little less likely to travel distances that they used to travel, especially to some of these malls, lose their drawing power. But, we’ve been pleasantly surprised to the upside how well our new restaurants are opening. And that tells me a little bit about where we are economically.
Gene Lee: The $15 million wouldn’t be front-end loaded in 2019, but we had no investments last year or this fiscal year in Q1 and Q2. So, we will see an increase. So, if you think about the $20 million that we made this year, just assume that’s going to flow naturally through next year and then the $15 million will also start flowing naturally through next year, so. 
Gene Lee: That’s all incorporated in our guidance today. Again, we’re hoping that -- you all in New York saw your last storm yesterday. We said that last week too. Weather is out of our control and there’s nothing we can -- we don’t worry about it. We’re focused on running great restaurants; when we have a weather event, we’re focused on ensuring our people are safe. And I think, as Rick said in his statement -- his comments, we saw more of a normalized winter through the third quarter. I mean -- and when get to the end of February and we looked at it, this is a normal winter. We’ve got the benefit of a couple mild winters in the past couple of years. March may turn that upside down a little bit, but we’ll give you some color in that in the fourth quarter when March is done.
Gene Lee: Yes, Matt. That’s inclusive of all off-premise. And, yes, you are seeing us pop up either via test or we don’t know that we’re participating with them. They have a way of just taking the menus and marketing products. So yes, that’s inclusive of anything, 13%. And I thought the number that’s impressive was 15% of our total sales for the quarter were from takeout.
Gene Lee: Well, it depends. In some markets we do. And yes, I mean, there is a little Wild Wild West out there right now.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Brian, thanks for the question. In relation to Cheddar’s synergies next year, what we said last quarter was we expect to be close to the run-rate by the fourth quarter of this year and we expect to have $22 million to $27 million of total synergies. So, doing the math, we’re going to be a little below $15 million next year in incremental synergies. But we also now expect to be closer to the high end of our synergy range of the $22 million to $27 million. Hopefully that answers your question.
Rick Cardenas: No, Brian, nothing is changing in the inflation. We’re still seeing in the 4% to 5% wage inflation. And we did have a little bit of Cheddar’s mix in there, more than we might have seen in the past, as we as we bring in more franchisees or we brought in the franchisees in Q2. But, other than that, there’s really nothing dramatically different. We did have a little bit lower check growth and pricing in the quarter than we had in the past.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. The workforce investment was $9 million this quarter and it would be about $11 million in Q4. As far as the mark-to-market, it’s not new -- it was just with the with the run up in the equity markets for our quarter was pretty significant on a one quarter basis and our stock price at the same time caused a lot more impact than mark to market that we’ve seen before. We’ve had this program going on for years but this was just a significant impact for us in this quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. We didn’t call it out, but if you do the math, it’s about a $5 million net reduction in interest expense for next year when you include the fact that we had to take on a little bit of commercial paper. 
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Greg. This is Rick. The productivity is net of new restaurant. So, productivity was higher. We continue to add new restaurants into the mix. And when they come on board, they are not as efficient as they normally will be, as they move forward. So, productivity without new restaurants would have been higher than the 0.3 that we showed.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Chris. As we said, mark-to-market was about $5.5 million. And the workforce investment didn’t just impact the restaurant labor line, it also impacted G&A $2 million to $3 million. So, if you take those things out, we’re pretty -- we weren’t that off where we were in Q2. So, we can’t predict the stock market. So, we can’t predict what’s going to happen in the fourth quarter on mark-to-market. But the workforce investment in the fourth quarter should be similar to what it was in the third quarter in the G&A line.
