Gene Lee: Thank you, Rick. As you saw this morning, Jeff Smith informed the Board of Directors last night that he was stepping down as Chairman and resigning as an Independent Director. I want to take this moment to thank Jeff on behalf of the board and the Darden management team for his leadership and partnership. From the moment he walked into the boardroom, Jeff has been focused on helping Darden regain its leadership position in full-service dining and we are all grateful for his perspective he has brought to our business. We have accomplished a number of extraordinary feats under his leadership, including improved operational excellence, disciplined strategic planning and the spin-off of Four Corners Property Trust. On a personal note, I have appreciated in value Jeff’s vision, constructive attitude and counsel during the past 18 months. He has been a wonderful partner for me and I wish him well in all his personal and professional endeavors. We also announced that Darden Board of Directors unanimously elected Chuck Sonsteby as Chairman. Chuck is a proven leader with extensive industry experience and I am looking forward to working with him in his new capacity as Chair. Darden has regained momentum and I am excited about the opportunities ahead for our brands and for our team members as we continue to focus on delivering exceptional guest experiences. We have an engaged board, a strong leadership team and great team members across our company focused on the right priorities, providing strong value propositions for our guests, leading to increased frequency and enhanced loyalty. And with that, we will open it up for questions.
Gene Lee: Good morning, Brett. There is a lot in that question. Let me start off by just talking about the overall environment. I think that’s what you really would like to hear us talk about this morning. The environment does remain competitive. We believe that the consumer is behaving very well in our restaurants. They continue to use the whole menu. We continue to see people buying – purchasing add-ons, both as appetizers, alcoholic beverages and desserts. We see people buying a little bit less on deal than they have in the past. However, we have done a good job as I mentioned in our prepared comments about anchoring our lunch and dinner menus with very attractive price points. The overall environment does feel a little bit promotional at this point in time and we are watching what everyone is doing. However, we think we are positioned well to continue to take market share. I just think the biggest move that we made in Olive Garden was putting that everyday value back on the menu. And we want a long time with our $9.99 price point at dinner. And I believe that – anchoring that menu with that price point has allowed us to use a lot of our promotional activity to deliver value in a different way and value can be delivered with the higher price points and the consumer has been very accepting of that. And I believe in Olive Garden, the overall experience has improved dramatically. As far as overall peak margins, I really don’t want to talk about a number that we want to put out there as what our peak margins are going to be. I mean I think there are so many variables that are inputs into that, what’s the commodity environment? What’s the pricing environment? We are going to continue to invest into the guest experience and do the things that we need to do to maintain and grow our market share and we will continue to focus on removing non-consumer facing costs from our business. And that’s something we have been focused on for the last 18 months and we will continue to be focused on.
Gene Lee: Good morning, David. Our guidance is based on what we know today and what we believe the environment will provide us in the back half of the year. We believe it’s the appropriate guidance with what we know today. The environment I would say continues to remain choppy. Week to week, as you look at Knapp Track and Black Box, continues to move around, trying to focus more on longer term trends than I am – what’s happening week-to-week. We have got a shift in the Easter holiday that is I think going to make some of the week-to-week comparisons in the fourth quarter a little bit difficult to read. And I think – when I think about our guidance, I think – as we finish the year in the 3 to 3.5 range, I think that’s a great year for Darden. And I think that’s something we should be incredibly proud of.
Gene Lee: Yes. We believe catering is a big opportunity. The reception has been fantastic. Again, it’s been designed around this whole need space of convenience. We are able to bring this experience to you. We benefit significantly in Olive Garden because the food travel is so well, especially when we put it in these bulk containers. We are measuring closely intent to reorder and overall satisfaction. And the scores are really, really strong. The consumer is very, very happy with the product. It’s unique and we believe that this is a huge opportunity over time, as we continue to build awareness. As we think about this, our consumer today has very, very low awareness of us doing this catering delivery. We have run some limited television advertising in some small markets to see what – how consumers react to that. And the reaction has been very positive. And so we will continue – our goal is to continue to find ways to build awareness of what we are doing.
Gene Lee: Got it. Brian, I want to start at the level that – we are just running better restaurants today. And I don’t want to – I don’t think we should discount the importance of ensuring that we are properly staffed, our teams are properly motivated. Dave and his team have done an exceptional job of simplifying the operation by reducing the size of the menu and the processes and the procedures. I think the overall experience inside an Olive Garden today is significantly better than it was 12 months to 24 months ago. I think we are getting a lot of momentum from that. The tablets, obviously are helping as I have said in the last quarter, we are getting – we are closing out checks 7 minutes quicker than we have in the past. And so we are excited about some of the basic operations. And one of the things that we are focused on now is trying to keep things simple. And we talk a lot about simple is hard and doing simple things every single day is really, really hard. But that’s what’s giving us the biggest lift in Olive Garden. Our teams are doing a great job creating great dining experiences and we are not having to rely on promotional activity to drive the business. We are winning every single day at the 9 square feet. And I believe that’s why we gained some momentum throughout the third quarter.
Gene Lee: Yes. I contribute them – the month – the week-to-week noise in March. And really, as I look at the industry, has more to do with Easter coming forward a couple of weeks than anything else.
Gene Lee: Matt, one of the things that we are looking at is I think as I have said in the past, we are tokenizing credit cards. And so we are able to see if this consumer is using us for take out, is using us for in restaurant, too and we are seeing a lot of crossover. And so we are seeing people use both to go and in restaurant, which is exciting for us. We are also seeing consumers that just use us from a to go standpoint. When a restaurant has momentum, it’s having – it’s usually demonstrating momentum in all categories, so both takeout and in-restaurant. And so I think the root of your question is, there is a halo and one of the things that we think and we are trying to bear out in some research is takeout and OG to go is exposing Olive Garden to maybe some lapsed consumers. We are using it and then to say, hey that was pretty good, I am going to come back in and then try the restaurant. And so I think - basically I think what you are trying to get across in your question is true that we are getting some halo for the whole restaurant because of the to go experience.
Gene Lee: No. We have seen nothing in casual dining that’s – it’s still Texas is still performing fairly well and Houston is performing fairly well. I called it out any of these because when you look at that footprint, I think Texas is about 40% of the total footprint. And so it’s a little bit – it’s really easy to see there, especially in Houston. We have two restaurants in Houston that have been significantly impacted.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think it’s a large party, the celebratory. We need to work hard in luxury dining to make sure that we find other people or other businesses that are doing well and make sure that we invite them in and use our facilities.
Gene Lee: Yes. The wage environment is definitely continuing to evolve. I would say that turnover in the industry is up. Our gap to the industry continues to improve, but our turnover is up. And I would talk about that as I think the restaurant employee is a little bit more mobile today. I think that there is people who were working in our industry because there are – other alternatives weren’t available to them, I think those other alternatives today are starting to become available. It’s going to put a little bit of pressure on wage rate as the industry competes for the best talent to run their businesses. I think at Darden, we have a compelling employment proposition and I think that we are – when I think about it, we are at an advantage here. The other thing to point out is when you look at Darden’s footprint we have a great footprint and operate a lot of restaurants and markets where we still have federal minimum wage in those states and that’s – that really offsets some of the other mandated wage increases that are happening in some of the other states. And I would conclude by just stating that at Darden, we have industry leading retention. We have some of the best retention and low turnover rates in all of full-service dining. So again, we are positioned well to deal with this. I would like to say that historically operating in an environment where you have a little bit of wage inflation at – with your staff has been good for sales long-term. And I would much rather operate in this environment than in an environment where the industry was maybe struggling a little bit more from a top line standpoint than we had plenty of help.
Gene Lee: Well, I think we will continue to look at what pricing is available to us. In Olive Garden, we are trying to holdback our pricing, to improve the value proposition for the consumer and so we are looking for other ways to improve margins other than through pricing so that we can continue to create a compelling value. This is where I think it’s important that we focus on using our scale to our advantage. If we can use our scale to our advantage, price less than our competitive set, our value – perceived value with the consumer should go up and that’s what our strategic plan is right now, use our scale, don’t rely on pricing to create value and let’s win market share.
Gene Lee: As far as takeout, takeout was 35% of the overall comp and of that delivery was 25% of that growth. So, takeout is playing a big part, but in this quarter, it wasn’t the whole thing. So very, very good growth in restaurant takeout and then we should look for catering and delivery to continue to ramp up over time as we build awareness. As we think about the fourth quarter, we don’t have any additional pricing schedule to go in. We are going to continue to try to create value by not pricing, our pricing a lot less than we historically would have.
Gene Lee: Jeff, I think it’s – I think your logic is correct. However, what we are measuring is the time the check opens and the time the check closes. That doesn’t mean that consumer leaves, just because they had the ability to close that check out quicker. Internally, we are making the assumption that the guest after they closed out their check with a credit card and doing it in the historical way, on average, was hanging around the same amount of time after they paid the check as the consumer who is closing out on Ziosk is hanging around. And so if we make those two assumptions then that 7 minutes is meaningful. But if – we have no way of knowing if the guest is closing out the check with the Ziosk and then staying around the few extra minutes and we are not really getting that full 7 minutes.
Gene Lee: Yes. The key drivers is – I am going to go back to – we are running better restaurants today. We are better staffed. Our processes and procedures are simpler. Our restaurant managers are more focused and feel an ownership of having the responsibility to drive sales. Their compensation aligns with them driving same restaurant sales. And so I think those are key drivers. I do think there is other things that we have done along the way. Ziosk is one of them that’s helped out and so on and so forth. So, I got to – I want to keep going back to we are running better restaurants today, we are winning at the 9 square feet and we are creating the loyalty of these people, we are exceeding the guest expectation. We are focused and we are executing and we still have room to improve.
Gene Lee: Yes. Good morning, David. I don’t want to get – comment on what our competitors are doing. I will say that we are – there are others in casual dining that are winning, that continue to outperform the industry and significantly outperform the industry with strong value equations and relevant brands. We continue to believe that if we invest in the guest and we provide an experience and provide value to the guest on multiple dimensions, we will continue to grow our market share. We do have access to research. We like the trends that we are seeing with our brands and it tells us the consumer is seeing what we are doing, but it does start with the basics of having a great host or hostess at the front door, inviting guests in. It starts with having service staff that’s appropriately – has the appropriate size section. They have derived small ways and the tools that do their jobs. And we have a simplified process in the kitchen where our chefs and cooks can prepare the food properly. And I believe all the little details that we are doing is giving – is allowing us to create this deal market share at this point in time.
Gene Lee: It’s – David, it’s all and when we talk about food service and atmosphere as our key operating philosophy here, we are winning on food, we are winning on service, we are winning on atmosphere and that all equals value. And value, I think value today in our industry is much more than just a price point. And so when we talk with management teams and the presidents here about what they are doing, we are trying to deliver value on multiple dimensions. Now you have to have value on with a price point for certain guests. But other guests on that dimension are looking for value that we deliver in different ways. And I think we are doing a really good job of doing that. But we can’t rest. We have to continue to evolve and continue to look for different ways to deliver value because everything we can do in this industry can be replicated except for the operational part. The operational part is really hard and I will go back to something I have said earlier in a response to the question is, we are focused on doing simple things and simple things – doing simple things is really hard.
Gene Lee: Alright. Jason, TV for Olive Garden is still the best medium for us to spend our money. We can see sales move week-to-week based on how many TRPs we are spending. And so we are transitioning some dollars from TV over to digital and other – and social and some other things. But TV is always going to play a big part of the Olive Garden story until something dramatic changes with the consumer. Our target audience is still fairly easy to reach through television. And one of the things that we have done a lot better in the last 24 months is really hone in on that target and spend against that target appropriately. And so, Dave and the team have done a great job of ensuring every dollar we invest is moving forward. Where we are making meaningful progress on advertising spending is in LongHorn, where I believe we became very inefficient over time and trying to act like a bigger brand than we really were. And so we have been able to save significant dollars in that budget as we move to spot television and supporting our restaurants that aren’t media efficient with other means of support. And that’s been investment very effective for us and we will continue to do that.
Gene Lee: Hi. Good morning, Jeff. We are proud of the work we have done over the past 18 months. We have really made some good improvement. We have done that through focusing on some basics, as I have talked about. The management and the Board will continue to evaluate all the alternatives for the business over time. We have laid out our long-term strategic framework. We believe the portfolio we have today is a great portfolio to achieve that. We have also laid our strategic initiatives, which revolve a lot around scale. And we have laid out and we laid it out in the presentation – in our investor presentation how that scale is really benefiting us from a G&A standpoint. And so as we look at what we are doing with the portfolio right now and our strategy, we believe moving forward with what we are doing in the past that we are on is the right path. As far as sustainability of the path that we are on, I will go back to a couple of things. I will go back to continuing to use scale. We are in the infancy of really taking advantage of our data and insights. I think that we are doing a lot of that today. I can’t talk too much about it because it is a competitive advantage for us. And I also think that we are doing some really great things from a strategic planning standpoint that are giving us an advantage in the marketplace. We will continue to stay focused on running great restaurants. I believe that’s the key differentiator at the end of the day. This is getting to be $100 billion category, although we would like to see it grow faster than it’s growing. There is still a lot of market share available to be taken, if we continue to outperform and out execute the competitive set. And that’s what we are focused on. And we have – again, as far as momentum, we have kind of laid out with the long-term strategic framework, what we think this business is capable of and we believe providing our shareholders a 10% to 15% total shareholder return is a compelling investment in today’s environment.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think there are two things out there. I think there is capacity. There is a lot of capacity out there too. I think there is a lack of really good innovative new ideas that get consumers excited about what we are doing. I think that’s the biggest headwind.
Gene Lee: Yes. I mean, all day parts we are seeing incredible competitive pressure. I will say that I think the lunch day part for casual dining has a lot more competition, because I think fast casual is a much more bigger option at lunch. I also think good – great quick-serve restaurants provide competitive competition at lunch. And so when quick-serve gets stronger and gets in the value of becoming much better that puts a little bit more pressure on lunch.
Gene Lee: John, when we think about the positioning for LongHorn. We see that the target consumer there is a lot different than the target consumer at Olive Garden. And I think historically – in the last couple of years, we have drifted the target in LongHorn down to a consumer that is more trying to be more like an Olive Garden consumer. And I think that we have done a lot of price points at 2 for $29, $12 steaks. I believe LongHorn is a bit of more of a premium offer and we need to focus on that. So right now, we are out there doing our 18 ounce bone-in ribeye and we are off there promoting a 10-ounce fillet, which is the first time in 6, 7 years we have been out there with a 10-ounce fillet. And consumer satisfaction is improving dramatically. At the end of the day, what we are doing in LongHorn today is we are removing some consumers, some guest from the guest base that we are confident that we weren’t making any money on. And they were a consumer that was spending – buying a low-end steak, coming in with a $5 coupon and that was all happening while we had a 45-minute wait outside the restaurant, waiting – people waiting to get into pay full price for more of a higher end experience in casual dining steak. And so we believe that we are transitioning the positioning slightly and we believe this is the right place to be. It’s a place that I am personally a lot more comfortable with LongHorn and where LongHorn should be. We are going to invest in quality. We are going to invest in staffing. And most importantly, we are going to invest – we are going to continue to simplify the LongHorn operation has become too complex over time.
Gene Lee: Yes. Karen, it’s primarily B2B at this point in time. However, we are seeing some growth in residential. We have done weddings. We are heading into graduation season. And so again, I get back to the point I made earlier. This is about building awareness, because every time we do an event, we are – the intent to reorder is extremely high and the satisfaction is extremely high. Right now is a natural for B2B, but we do believe we can grow it into more of a residential, large home meal replacement opportunity.
Gene Lee: Yes. Part of – first of all, third quarter in LongHorn is by far the best quarter and so that model really starts to work when you get into $67,000, $68,000 a week for average weekly sales. Beef was very little of it. We haven’t started to see that really flow through. Some of it was as I have talked about was the marketing. We have got every single line item continued to improve and it was a lot of individual, 10 basis points here, 20 basis points there that added up to the 400 basis points with the big savings coming in labor. And so again, it gets to that whole idea of when we get LongHorn to $67,000, $68,000 a week this model really works.
Gene Lee: Yes, David. One of the things that the Olive Garden team did was before we really started to push takeout is they went back and they looked at every process and procedure and ensured that they were able to handle the increase in volume. And therefore this has been really, really well-thought out. The beauty of the catering delivery is it’s – we ask for 24 hour advance notice. And we are actually able to increase our productivity, because we are able to plan ahead and we are able to use some of our downside – downtime in our cycles to help prepare for the catering delivery. So, that’s really been a real enhancement from a productivity standpoint. We believe that we can continue to handle the increase in volume, especially if it comes in catering delivery, because that usually goes out our door before lunch or before dinner, which is ideal. So, growth in that business really, really increases our overall productivity.
Gene Lee: Yes, the online ordering is still – I think it’s still 20% higher than calling in on the phone. We are incentivizing people to switch over to online ordering. Just the overall process, when you think about it, when you are on the phone, we are trying to do the best job we can at the restaurant, but sometimes that person taking the order behind the counter or behind the bar has got a guest in front of them. And so, they are – one of the things they are trying to do is get the order as fast as they can and get them off the phone, where if you are online, we can push you through a process and do a much better job selling to you. And we find the consumer online is much more happy to buyout. And so we are trying to incentivize as much business to switch over to online ordering. And we also just put out – the Olive Garden just put out its new app this week. So hopefully, that will continue to help, that will help migrate people over to online ordering.
Gene Lee: Sure, Steve. We still expect our total cumulative savings to be between $145 million to $165 million over fiscal ‘15 through fiscal ‘17. And I just want to remind you that we are leveraging our scale and simplifying our business in ways that don’t impact the consumer. We expect $80 million to $90 million of those cost savings to come in this year. In answer to your question about inflation and commodities, we expect and what we have in our web presentation in the appendix is we expect low single-digit deflation in commodities in the fourth quarter. But overall inflation for the year is still expected – expected to be 1% to 1.5%. That’s slightly favorable to the amounts that we gave you in the second quarter. So, again, overall inflation, 1% to 1.5%, but low single-digit deflation in food and beverage in the fourth quarter.
Gene Lee: Yes. Let me answer first the CapEx question and I will go back to the same restaurant sales. The $100 million to $200 million that we have in our long term framework is that it’s our long-term framework. We will tell you a little bit more about ‘17 in ‘17, but I would expect it to be somewhere in there. But it won’t be – it shouldn’t be impacted by the increasing CapEx, I can tell you that. On the same restaurant sales, our 2-year same restaurant sales in February, trying to get to that number for you real quick is about 5.7%, so still a strong 2-year stack. It wasn’t as big as January, I believe, but still 5.7% over 2 years is strong performance and we feel good about that.
Gene Lee: John, we will comment on the full commodities breadbasket in the call in June for ‘17. But let me just – I will just give you my thoughts on the beef market as I am pretty close to it. The futures market looks very positive as we move forward. We at Darden have been short through this last cycle and we expect it to be a tailwind as we move into next year. I will say and I think it’s important for everybody to know this, is that the middle meats continue to be strong. And we have seen a lot of relief in ground beef, but we have not seen a lot of relief in the middle meats, your tenderloins, your short loins and your ribs. And so I believe that beef in ‘17 will be less than it was in ‘16, but I also believe beef is still going to be historically expensive.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Joe. Yes, for ‘16, we still expect to open around 18 to 22 new units that is not a net number, that’s a gross number. And for ‘17, the numbers I talked to you about, 24 to 28, is also gross and we will give you more insight on to what brands are going to have some of that growth next year in our June call.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Jason, in regards to remodels for next year, the 60 number is what we expect to be doing next year. We are getting great returns on those remodels. We also anticipate continuing to invest in our restaurants, including remodels the year – in future years. But as I have mentioned in my prepared remarks, we also invest over 60 – around $60,000 a year per restaurant to make sure that our restaurants continue to look fresh. The 35 that we have done have – as I said have done great for us. We expect to continue that result and we will continue to remodel as we find the right restaurants to remodel. But one thing I will say is in the past, remodels were one-size-fits-all. And we believe that we need to look at every restaurant individually to ensure that we spend the right amount of money in each restaurant. And think of the remodel is more of an evolution versus a revolution. So we don’t think we have to do all 200 to 300 of them at one time.
Rick Cardenas: The balance sheet, we continually work with our board to regularly evaluate the alternatives that we have with the cash on hand to achieve our financial goals and – but our first priority is to maintain the investment grade profile.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. I would say, Karen, for the fourth quarter you would probably expect the first week to be a little lower because of the Memorial Day weekend.
