Gene Lee: I think we stay focused on our back to basics philosophy. I think it's getting more important than ever that we continue to ensure that our restaurants are staffed with the appropriate team members and that we're creating great dining experiences. We think there is still opportunity with throughput especially on the weekends in these high demand days and we are continuing to focus on how do we simplify our operations so that our teams can execute at a higher level. We're going to continue to win this at the 9 square feet. We've got to do a better job than our competitors do taking care of our guests and providing offerings that our guests are excited about. So I would sum that up by saying our playbook is not changing, we're focused on the exact same things.
Gene Lee: David, good morning. We've been trying to tease out the changes in traffic trend. I will pivot just here for one second to say we're really pleased about is this. The industry traffic has softened a little bit, our gap has increased. And that has been really reassuring. We haven't been able to point to any particular thing that's causing this traffic softness in the industry and we've tried kind of from different angles. Overall I think our thought is that consumers are still in a really good place and we don't see that changing here in the near-term. Obviously we're living in a more volatile environment. I will say one of the things that we do see is day to day, week to week there's a little bit more volatility than there was -- there had been. And again hard for us to try to figure out what's driving that.  As far as value I think that we'll continue to look for ways to add value to the consumer proposition. I think as we think about incentives right now we believe that we're still in the mode of withdrawing incentives based on the environment. I'd rather continue to find ways to invest in what we call everyday value in the businesses but there's no doubt we've taken a lot of currency out of the marketplace and we do have that available to put back in if we think that's the right thing to do.
Gene Lee: Well, I think if our traffic started to go the other way against the industry and the gap started to shrink and I think then we have to consider what's going on with the business model. I think one of the things that we focus on is protecting our business model and using our scale not to make short-term decisions that may drive a few extra guests here and there but really aren't that profitable. So, I think as long as our gap to the industry is healthy from a traffic standpoint we will continue to be very cautious with that.
Gene Lee: Chris, I think they've got to always reexamine where they are from a value standpoint. I would say that Cheddar is just the value leader. Maybe there's some opportunity as we move forward to highlight that value differently and to bring that to life. There's no doubt and I've said that the last couple calls that the large casual dining brands are being much -- are much more effective and disciplined today and advertising very effectively and their share of voice is up. That's making it a little bit more difficult for Cheddar's to compete effectively. And we may have to think about how we go to market to highlight that great value that we have. But your insight is relevant and it's a challenge that we face with the Cheddar's brand. 
Gene Lee: You know I'll go first on the polished growth. I think that it's an attractive space and we have a lot of entrepreneurs out there that over the last decade have created some pretty good concepts that are starting to get to -- getting past that 10 unit area and starting to grow. It's obviously an attractive marketplace but it's also relatively small. It just happens when we are a smaller polished brands, when we have increased competition it has a bigger effect on the overall top line number. What we do believe is that we can fight off that initial competition over 12 to 18 months and our restaurants will get back to the sales levels they were prior to the competition coming in. So it's just something that you have to -- I think you have to continue to operate really well and you don't make an adjustment in the short-term for that increased competition. You just go back to winning a 9 square feet and your business will get back to growth.
Gene Lee: I don't believe -- I'll start with the second part of that, I don't believe it has put us at a disadvantage at all. I really like the way our premise business continues to grow. I think we continue to remove [indiscernible] from the process and we continue to offer great value without having to have any destruction to our overall margins. And so I like where we are, I don't think we're missing out on anything. I think there is still -- this is still an immature business, there is still lots to learn. There's a lot of discussion around whether it's incremental, it's non-incremental. Where I want us to focus and I want our teams to focus on is creating a compelling in restaurant experience that people want to come and visit. I think when you do that that helps create the demand for the off premise visit. And we know convenience will continue to be important to the consumer but we're focused right now is to is to create a compelling off premise -- in restaurant experience that drives in a compelling off premise experience in which the consumer still wants to come and pick up -- will still come and pick up because the value and the quality of the offering is so strong.
Gene Lee: Yeah, so I missed that part John. I think that -- I don't think I have seen any real growth from it. I'm seeing margin destruction but that's just -- that's my opinion. We've got tests going on and we're not -- it's not -- the results aren't compelling enough that we're running out and doing something with it. I think with that I think it really indicates how we're feeling about it. Olive Garden's goal was 9% for the quarter, two years stack of almost 18%, it was 14.5% of sales. I'm just -- I'm really pleased with where we are with our off premise business. We continue to enhance those capabilities which is really important. And we continue to work with the adoption of digital and we think that's going to be a continued driver. And we've got some other investments that we're continuing to make and we will continue to make to remove some friction in the off premise experience. 
Gene Lee: Well I think we have a lot of green space right. So we're still relatively under penetrated so that gives you a lot more opportunity. So obviously a lot easier for us to find sites for Cheddar's than it is for Olive Garden. I don't see availability being an issue for Cheddar's long-term growth whereas Olive Garden now -- I mean everything that we do with Olive Garden we have to really figure out what the cannibalization is going to be versus we don't have that much of an issue with Cheddar's. So, I think it all depends on what's your size, what's your penetration level. I don't see that as a burden as we move forward with Cheddar's. 
Gene Lee: Jeff, first of all in the broad picture the total number of openings that we have this year will be very similar to last year. The difference is the openings will fall a little bit later in the fiscal year than they did this year just because of construction and developers not necessarily meeting the timelines that they had originally. So, well our openings will be about the same, our timing will be a little bit different. The total percent from Olive Garden and LongHorn is about a little bit over half of our total openings which isn't that different than we've had this year. Cheddar's will have about the same pace as last year.
Gene Lee: You know on the everyday value question and then sensitivity promotions I think there has been a lot of good work done in the industry over the last couple of years to put more everyday value in. And we've been saying for a while that the consumer didn't want to be told what they had to do, what they had to buy to get that value. And I think a lot of people have rotated to more everyday value and to be able to do that means that you have to be less promotional like when you make that strategic choice. So, I think there's not much more for me to add there other than I believe we kind of lead the way with everyday value others have followed. I think it's the right thing to do and it tones down the promotional activity. Rick will talk about the other question. 
Gene Lee: The team continues to make progress on improving operational execution. There's always pockets in the system, the size of Olive Garden that has opportunities. There's always opportunities day-to-day, week-to-week to improve your overall execution. When you think about the size of Olive Garden and the number of servers that we have on each and every day there's always -- we always break down a little bit. So, every day that we break down a little bit less more guests have a better experience. The key to this long-term are continued simplification and I believe that management and the operating team inside Olive Garden is really focused on taking it to -- the simplification to the next level and that could drive even further improvements in overall execution for the next couple years. Throughput will always continue to be an opportunity. We were very effective from an advertising standpoint. A lot of our advertising drives people on Friday and Saturday night and we have long waits in our restaurants and that's -- we talk a lot about convenience and that's not very convenient. And consequently we've got to get better at making that experience more convenient for the consumer and we've got to get -- we have to get more people and guest through our restaurants each hour and shorten up those dining experiences. So we're going to continue to focus on this and we think it's a big upside. 
Gene Lee: I think that that's always going to depend on consumer demand. I think improving our capabilities is going to be an important part of growing this. We just opened a new prototype in Orlando that has a full dedicated off premise area. We're learning a lot from that. We think that has tremendous upside for our higher volume off premise restaurants. We have restaurants now doing well over a $1 million off premise. A lot of this business comes in and it's out the door before 11:30. And a lot of the catering that we're starting do now is really off -- it is pre the big meal period. And so that's really helpful. So we've got multiple projects going on today to improve our capabilities and then we think there's some attachment opportunities. Can we attach additional sales to the normal off premise experience, an example, if we start building these takeout spaces can we get some more beverage sale, can we get other attachment. We're still in the infancy of thinking about that but we think it's a fairly big idea which could grow that overall percentage over time. I think the way to summarize this is that we see tremendous opportunity in this space without sacrificing what we're really here to do which has created great in restaurant experience.
Gene Lee: You know it's too early -- John, it's too early to really talk about that. But every restaurant we've got to figure out in the multiple and the different prototypes we have where we would add it, it has to be added in a specific place where you can staff it in your downtime without adding a lot of labor. You want proximity to the kitchen, you have the right heating and holding areas. And so I don't want to put a price tag on it right yet, we're still too early in that process. 
Gene Lee: Well no, I think that the economics are -- the burden of third party delivery is being shifted to the company to the consumer. People are -- what I'm seeing is brands moving that burden away from themselves and on to the consumer. And at this point I'm just a little uncomfortable with that what percentage is the consumer long-term willing to pay off their overall check to have that convenience. And that has to be proved out to me over time if that's something that we want to do. We're still in a value proposition and I'm just not sure. I'm watching what everybody is -- we're watching what everybody's doing. We continue to believe especially in Olive Garden that it's much better for us to focus on the catering and delivery part of this. We've just made -- we've just changed how we think about that. We've put the size -- dollar size of the order now has move from $100 to $75 and we've moved from 24 hour notice to 5 o'clock the day before. We think that that is a strong move and we are very interested in delivering ourselves to people who want to have a food experience delivered over $75. And again the average order of that activity for us is well over $300. It's a highly rated from a satisfaction standpoint event and we want to focus on that more so than trying to move a $15 entree. And so, we're watching what's happening. We don't think that the economic burdens change that much. We think it's just been shifted from the restaurant to the consumer. 
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, we are working on productivity every year. We don't anticipate squeezing out a lot more than we did last year. We still anticipate productivity enhancements but we also have a great supply chain team that will continue to look for cost savings to help offset any incremental inflation.
Rick Cardenas: David great question on polished. I think I will sum that up as saying polished casual operates in some of the best retail trade areas across the country and I believe there's more good competition, smaller brands that are really good businesses that are expanding in those trade areas putting more pressure on our polished casual brands. And I'll use it, I think a very good example. I mean if you're going to grow True Foods where are you're going to put a True Foods today. You're going to put it right on top of the Seasons 52. And there are other brewery brands that are -- where are they going to put their businesses, they're going to put them right on top of the Yard House. And so those brands operate in very good trade areas and we are experiencing a little bit more competition there. So I think you asked a good question but I think that's the insight there.  As far as LongHorn goes we've been making I think since -- when Todd Burrowes came back under his leadership we were making great investments in LongHorn. And I think that they have been multiple year investments and I think we're gaining a lot of momentum in that business. We have increased the size of the stakes, we have simplified the operation, we've simplified the promotional constructs and our retention is incredibly high and we're executing in a really high level. So I think there's a lot of good momentum in that business.  And last thought on LongHorn is we had a pretty good growth curve there and really in the mid 2000 - between 2010 and 2015 we broke into a lot of new territories. And those new territories are really starting to mature nicely and we're getting good growth from them. Going in and being the fourth or fifth Steakhouse in a marketplace it's really tough to break in and get into the consumer routines. And over time we know that LongHorn will build loyalty in those years in their three to ten year cycle. So there's a lot of momentum in that piece of the business also.
Rick Cardenas: As it relates to our cash balance even though we have significantly more cash than we had last year our teams are still focused on doing the things every day to continue to increase that cash balance. And one of the things that we did in the fourth quarter was we significantly improved our working capital position and we also did a few more sale leaseback. So that helped increase our cash balance and it talked to the team's ability to continue to find the best use of our cash and actually take as much cash in as we possibly can even though we have some cash. As it relates to what we're going to do with that we continue to speak to our Board to determine what the best use of that cash is, whether it's through share buybacks or dividends and as you have heard earlier we just increased our dividend by 17%. And we will find the right times to either buy back shares or acquisitions if they come to play. It has nothing to do with Cheddar's whether we're doing an acquisition right now or not, it just has to do with making sure that we have the right brand etcetera to target. 
Rick Cardenas: LongHorn didn't have the same drag as Olive Garden did. There was much more reduction in incentives in Olive Garden than LongHorn for the quarter. 
Rick Cardenas: I think when we get to the middle of the beginning and beginning the middle of the second quarter of last year when we started to start to really pull back. It is going to be a little bit more time before we wrap that. 
Rick Cardenas: Hi Jeff, this is Rick. Yes, I am assuming you are talking about our same-restaurant sales guidance of 1 or 2. Gene mentioned we are seeing a little bit more volatility in the industry and this is an annual guidance, this is 12 months ahead of time. And so we want to make sure that we're prudent and being at the lower end of our 1% to 3% range makes sense. We also have seen a little bit of a slowdown in discretionary spending in this calendar year versus last calendar year. So we feel like 1% to 2% is the right range at this time.
Rick Cardenas: I wouldn't say it's a little bit more cautious to start the year than we've been in the past. We have a few things, one is our same-restaurant sales of 1% to 2% with a little bit more inflation that we've seen in the past. And also a big difference in tax rate year-over-year will impact our EPS. 
Rick Cardenas: As it relates to African swine flu a couple of things, one is pork represents approximately 2% of our total buy. So it's really a small impact and it has very, very small impact on our guide. It's going to take 18 to 36 months for this to work itself out. We're currently not seeing a huge increase in pricing but we expect to see some more of that in the back half of the year and that's already contemplated in our inflation numbers.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah Dennis, this is Rick. Our EBIT margin will be within our long-term framework and our long-term framework as a reminder is 10 to 30 basis points. 
Rick Cardenas: I think the margin impact in the quarter had a lot more to do with the investment we made with the Chicken Alfredo which ticked up with the 50% more chicken which ticked up our cost of sales. And then we had a promotional construct, it was pretty similar to last year at the same time. We didn’t have the trade up opportunity that was driving a lot of mix. At the end of the day when you look at that Olive Garden margin there's no one out there in this space that has those types of margins and we're going to continue to invest in value which may limit the upward mobility of that. We don't expect margins to contract but I want to make sure that we're investing properly into that business.
Rick Cardenas: No, I mean I'll start with the latter part of that question. These restaurants that are driving the comp down are still extremely busy. They're high -- most them are very high volume restaurants that are leaking back down to more of the system average. So these are still great restaurants. On average they still produce good returns. They've been through the most change and that I think has created the most -- these have been the most disrupted restaurants. And I think that's why we're seeing a lot of the same-restaurant sales decline come from those restaurants. The destruction -- the biggest interruptions [ph] been total management change, total system change, everything that they do day in and day out has just changed operationally. And they've had some tough times adjusting.  But overall these are great restaurants and great territories so there's no drastic we're going to close these things. I think when you look at it and Rick alluded to it and I talked about it we made more money in Cheddar's this quarter than we did last quarter. And the thing I am really excited about in Cheddar's when we really look at it and dissect it our guest counts improve Q3 to Q4 against the industry, 160 basis points. As the industry weakens Cheddar's guest counts actually improve. So I mean we're making progress.  One more thing on Cheddar's that I didn't talk about in my prepared remarks but I think it's important to recognize is that we've been transforming these kitchens in the last year. We've done approximately 100 of them. We did 34 in the fourth quarter. This is a very disruptive process and the majority of the transformation this quarter were done in the formerly franchised restaurants. This transformation allows us to really improve the efficiency in labor, improve the speed of service with the food coming out of the kitchen. These were big, big moves. This is behind us and we're really excited about this and we think that this is going to have a big impact.  One of the things that we do know is that there is a significant sales decline after we do transformation as the team struggled with this new operating procedure. But that works its way out. As far as scale goes I think my reference scale was more about just the overall size of the brand and the future growth opportunities. Today Cheddar's is definitely benefiting from our scale. It's plugged into our supply chain. It's been a huge benefit for them, it's allowed us to really continue to focus on value for the consumer. And so I think scale is working for them on that side. They're going to benefit from our data scale over time. And most importantly I think the thing that I can see you focus on is can we get these human resource metrics closer to our Darden norms. I think when that happens that's where we're going to see some really great growth.
Rick Cardenas: We continue to have the rewards program in test. We continue to analyze what's happening there. There's some really positive in that program. There's some challenges with that program. We're going to continue to observe this and figure out whether we can drive greater loyalty with it. If not we'll dissolve it. And at this point in time we have no plans to roll it out. We have no plans to dissolve it. We continue to observe that consumer behavior.
