Rick Cardenas: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we were pleased with our results in the second quarter, as total sales grew 4.9% from the addition of 40 net new restaurants and same-restaurant sales growth of 2.1%. More importantly, with this sales growth came strong flow-through, resulting in expanded margins for the quarter, with restaurant-level EBITDA growing 40 basis points. Diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.92 grew 26% from last year's adjusted diluted net earnings per share. We also returned a total of $154 million to our shareholders this quarter, paying out $93 million in dividends and repurchasing $61 million in shares. Turning to the margin analysis for the quarter, food and beverage costs were favorable by 40 basis points as pricing of approximately 2% and cost savings net of investments more than offset both commodities inflation of under 1% and the unfavorable impact of the new revenue recognition standard, which we detailed in our last earnings call. Total labor inflation of over 3.5% and incremental workforce investments drove restaurant labor 50 basis points higher than last year despite continued sales leverage and productivity gains. As a reminder, Q2 was the final quarter of the incremental workforce investments we introduced last January. Restaurant expense was favorable 40 basis points, as sales leverage more than offset minimal inflation. In fact, our total restaurant expense in dollars per operating week were equal to last year. Marketing expense was favorable to last year by 20 basis points, driven by sales leverage, all resulting in restaurant-level EBITDA margin of 16.7% this quarter, 40 basis points better than last year. Below the restaurant level, general and administrative expense improved 20 basis points, as we lapped an unfavorable legal settlement from last year, which was partially offset by incremental workforce investments. We recorded $2.7 million of impairments during the quarter, which is included in our $0.92 diluted EPS. This impairment is related to a planned Olive Garden restaurant relocation and one future closing, also in Olive Garden. Taxes were favorable to last year as a result of tax reform. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 14.3%, which is higher than our annual expectation of between 10% and 11%. Turning to our segment performance, Olive Garden, LongHorn, and the Fine Dining segment all grew sales, driven by positive same-restaurant sales and net new restaurants. Segment profit margin increased in each of these segments with strong flow-through and cost management, even after the incremental workforce investments. Sales for our Other Business segment grew 3.6%, driven by net new restaurants and incremental franchise revenue related to the adoption of the new accounting standard. Segment profit declined 110 basis points in this segment due to margin deleverage from negative same-restaurant sales, incremental workforce investments, and the adoption of revenue recognition. In this morning's press release, we increased our fiscal 2019 same-restaurant sales growth outlook to approximately 2.5% from the previous range of 2% to 2.5%. We also increased our EPS outlook to be between $5.60 and $5.70 from the previous range of $5.52 to $5.65. All other metrics in our financial outlook remain unchanged. Finally, and most importantly I want to wish all of our 180,000 team members and each of you a happy and safe holiday season.  Now, we’ll open it up for questions.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Brian. Our forecast for the year of approximately 2.5% is driven by a few things. One is our confidence in what we've been doing for the last four years in improving our execution in the restaurants. If you look at our year-to-date, same-restaurant sales, it would basically assume it's a slightly lower number than what we are today, and if you look at a few other minor things, we've got weather. Last year's weather was a typical-year weather, and we expect it to not be dramatically worse than last year, so that should help versus what we've seen in the past. And, we've got just slight -- just slight improvements because of holiday shifts, not major, but those are the slight differences with where we were before. We feel really good about our same-restaurant sales estimates for the rest of the year, and we're looking forward to hitting them.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Will. The overall incremental investments are about $9 million a quarter in the first quarter and in the second quarter. And if you recall, we started that last year in Q3, so we shouldn't have incremental investments in the back half of the year. So, the run rate investments are about $35 million, and if you recall, we did about $20 million last year, so we should be wrapping on that with no problem.
Rick Cardenas: No, I don't think there's anything additional from a big investment standpoint. We do think that some of the very large brands that are promoting real heavily right now and advertising is having a little impact on Cheddar's top line. So, we're trying to figure out maybe how we might market the business maybe a little bit differently to increase our share of voice where everybody else is out there pretty loud right now, but we don't see anything major. One of the things that's also exciting I didn't mention is cost managements improving dramatically with our tools in place. We're seeing food waste come down, we're just getting a labor management system up and running, so we think that we're going to see some cost benefits as we move forward in the next 12 months. The teams are really doing a good job in getting accustomed to our tools, so...another thing that we're excited about.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, and as it relates to the 53rd week, that is our last fiscal week of next year, and it's roughly about a 2% increase in EPS. It's one week out of 52, and that's really how it flows.
Rick Cardenas: For the remainder of the year, we still expect total labor to be about 4.5%-5.5% for the year, so if you just get the midpoint of that about 4% -- which is what we've been running, so, as we said, a little over 3.5% for the last quarter, so we don't expect it to dramatically change, and we haven't changed our outlook for overall inflation. Our overall total inflation outlook is still 2%, which includes labor and commodities.
Rick Cardenas: So, that was the impact, and again, with a little over 3.5% labor inflation, that shows up to 1.2% labor percent.
Rick Cardenas: No, those are things that we've been working on for the last few years. All of the productivity enhancements -- as you remember, we've done a lot of work at Olive Garden, we've been simplifying the menu at LongHorn, we're starting to do some work at Cheddar's. We would expect that our productivity would continue to improve. Whether it's 40 basis points going forward, or 20, or 60, I can't answer that question, but we do expect to continue productivity improvements going forward.
Rick Cardenas: What we said in the first quarter, I believe, is that hourly wage inflation was about 5%, but total inflation was closer to 3.5%, so these are comparable -- a little over 3.5% is very comparable to what we've been seeing before.
Rick Cardenas: Well, this quarter, the restaurant expenses actually were flat, so they didn't grow at all. So we would expect normal inflation to happen in the restaurant expense line. As we've said, we've had very minimal inflation on the food and beverage line, and we expect our inflation to tick up in the back half of the year. We're also making investments. Gene mentioned the investment that Olive Garden made in the chicken alfredo. And finally, we've got a little bit of timing in the marketing line. We would expect our marketing as a percent to lever year-over-year, but it might be a little bit higher than it was in the last quarter.
Gene Lee: Okay. We headed into the quarter feeling like the industry was in fairly good shape, and we made the strategic choice to reduce our incentives, which primarily was coming through email. We ran 16 fewer weeks during the quarter. That included some weeks we had multiple offers out there last year. We really didn’t have any offers out there this year. We felt it was with the demand environment being strong, it was a good opportunity to remove some of that incentives so that in the future, if needed be, we could add it back in. We also thought it was an opportunity to really, as we think about growing our sales profitably, we just felt like the environment was right, and we can basically get to the guest count for the reduced incentives, which was more than what we were down for the quarter. So we would have, if we had the same incentive level as we had the prior year, which has been consistently what we’ve been running, we would have beat the industry. So we’re not that really concerned about that. What we’re really focused on is building a really healthy guest base and trying to ensure that we create some opportunity in the future if need be to put back some of these incentives into the business. I will add that I think the overall industry continues to perform well. The dynamics are changing. Large, nationally advertised brands are taking share with the advertising budgets being increased, and the industry is growing more promotional as check averages growth is less than 2% for the first time in a while. It will be interesting to see whether these large brands will continue to give up margin to advertise and promote in the intensity they’ve been promoting at.
Gene Lee: No, we’re seeing the exact opposite, David. We’re seeing value go up. So, just a little more color on the mix change, we did make a couple menu moves halfway through the quarter to mitigate the mix growth. However, our investment in the chicken alfredo dish, we saw some significant increase in the mix there, and because the promotional calendar had the value promotions there, we saw a lot of trade up out of the promotional items into that item. We also saw -- with the increase in Never Ending Pasta Bowl from $1.00, we saw some trade out of that into regular higher-priced menu items, and then when you throw the dollar on, that had a little bit of contribution to the mix, and with less incentives that also contributed a little bit to the overall mix. So, we're seeing our value scores increase. I think the consumer is healthy; they're making those choices. We're giving them plenty of optionality. We’re also focused on highlighting a couple other value options on our menu, made those more prominent, so I think right now, I feel really good where we're at. I think the dynamics will change a little bit in the back half of the year as our promotional calendar changes, and we'll have some more full-price promotions, and the trade will be a little bit different. So, I feel really good right now about it.
Gene Lee: I don't know if I, my point that I was trying to make there was the big change we made with our chicken alfredo dish and the positive mix change that had in Q2 was primarily because we had lower-priced promotions. As the promotional calendar goes up and the price point goes up in the third and fourth quarter, you’ll have less trade, the trade will be less beneficial. And so, that was the point that I was trying to make. I feel good about our promotional calendar in the back half of the year. We’re usually not, we’re usually starting at price point to headline our promotions versus the deep value promotions. I think lastly on that question, David, as we try to develop our incentive strategy in the back half of the year, these levers are pretty easy for us to pull and we can do it pretty quickly, but if demand stays strong in the industry and we can achieve our same-restaurant sales targets. We will still not be using this lever a whole lot in the back half of the year.
Gene Lee: David, I have really no update on third-party. We continue to test a small group of restaurants and monitor the results. All I’ll say is the economics of this have to change along with the execution. The execution of a third party has to improve dramatically. The satisfaction of the guest is not great using these services and we’re focused on creating a great off-premise experience for our consumer. We’ll encourage them to come pick it up. We’re still growing at a good rate. I really like what’s happened in that business. The satisfaction of our consumer using that experience is really high. And so at this point, we have no additional update really on third-party.
Gene Lee: Yeah. I mean, as we look at what the industry’s doing, we see increased advertising spending significant increase in advertising spending. The products that they’re promoting are pretty aggressive in price and therefore, you’re seeing check average for the industry get below 2%. We haven't seen that in a long time for any extended period of time. And so, we'll continue to monitor -- this is putting tremendous pressure on their margins, and we'll see how long they're willing to eat into their margin growth to have this kind of intensity out there. We think we're nimble enough that we can adjust to what's happening, and it'll be interesting for us to see what they do. We feel we have levers that we can pull, and we can compete effectively against them. Right now, we think the consumer is in a really good place. We're operating at our lowest unemployment in 50 years; confidence remains high. As we watch the guests, they're continuing to buy across our menus. They're adding on to their entrees, they're buying up -- it feels like it's a really good environment, so we think it's prudent to have the strategy that we have right now.
Gene Lee: So, tailwinds -- Jeff, we do know that there's going to be -- we've heard any number -- $60 billion out there in the first quarter of tax refunds. We'll see how that plays out. Obviously, that's a positive. I think that...we don't have the same tailwinds that we had going into our fiscal '19 -- the first half. In the second half -- we got some on the first half -- I just think overall, the biggest tailwind of all is sub-4% unemployment, which is a real positive. As long as the consumer feels confident that they're going to keep their job and that wages are going to grow, I think that the restaurant environment should be pretty positive.
Gene Lee: Good morning, Sara. You brought up a lot of good points there. We have done a lot over the last four years with Olive Garden to reestablish the brand as the value leader. However, this still -- I still believe today there's a lot of opportunity for us to improve across our fleet of restaurants. We think that scale gives us a competitive advantage in Olive Garden. We're able to continue to find productivity enhancements. We think there are future investments that we can continue to make to increase value. I think the big difference between where we are today in this cycle versus where we were seven or eight years ago when Olive Garden was into a good growth cycle is that we're making investments back into the business. When I studied the history last time, Olive Garden started to drift maybe a little upscale and really didn't focus on what gave them the great advantage. I think the decision the management team made to increase the chicken alfredo portion by 50% in protein is an example of what we'll continue to do to be able to increase value and drive guest counts and sales into the future. We think we have some other opportunities. We're being innovative from a marketing standpoint. I think our marketing is as relevant today as it has been in a long time. And, more importantly, I think the younger consumer -- the millennials -- they really enjoy Olive Garden. They enjoy the value in it. They enjoy the communal piece of it, of coming together and enjoying a meal, so I think it's really well positioned, and we're going to continue to double down on simplification and value. And so, we think that we’re well positioned to continue to compete effectively into the future.
Gene Lee: Yeah. Let me be very clear about this. Cheddar’s is not taking any managerial focus away from any of the other brands. I mean these other brands have full presence, full management teams that have nothing to do with Cheddar’s. I would just say on Yard House, we had a positive two year comp. We had a couple high-volume restaurants that had some pressure. For those who are familiar, the Link in L.A. had scaffolding all around our building as they were building a zipline in from some place to drop people off in front of our restaurants, which had an impact. California was a little soft. We had some restaurants in Florida that were a little soft toward the end of the quarter. I’m focused on total growth on Yard House, and we’re opening a lot of restaurants, which also creates some churn inside the system. Overall, Yard House is an extremely strong brand and I do think that from time to time, we’ll fluctuate, especially with some of these high-volume restaurants. They can swing the comp a little bit. But, I feel really good about where Yard House is positioned. We’re opening some great restaurants and I’m really excited about their future.
Gene Lee: They’ve been improving for the last six months, but right now they are at the highest they’ve been since we acquired them. Our value ratings are still extremely strong in this business. And so, we feel really good about where we are. We know hour-to-hour today, we’re running these restaurants better than we were six to nine months ago, and we can see it in the results.
Gene Lee: Well, I’m not so sure that there’s a perfect correlation in any of that because there’s marketing; there’s other things in the environment. All I know is that in all my years of experience, once we get the leading indicators going in the right direction, sales will follow.
Gene Lee: Yeah. Hi, John. I think the answer to your questions are yes and yes. I think as this gets bigger, it’s going to be harder to continue to grow it at a compounded growth rate. I’m thrilled with 10%. This is a big business now. Yes, we did pull back on some incentives that had some impact on off-premise. This time of year, off-premise gets to be pretty strong, so we definitely want to make sure that we're taking advantage and that we're getting full price. The incrementality of this business is always hard to really measure. We do know by looking at the demographics of the people that are using us that a lot of these off-premise customers are only off-premise customers, and they don't really dine inside an Olive Garden all that much. They're probably using a chef-driven restaurant or a higher-end restaurant. So, we believe all that’s incremental. But, the bottom line the way I think about it is you're in the top of mind for that occasion, and you need to win the occasion -- as many occasions that you possibly can, and whether that impacts you into the future -- I don't know, I just think those are two totally different occasions, and what we work hard at is being top of mind in each of them, and we'll never know for sure what's incremental and what's not. We just know we want to play, we want to be very good, the best at off-premise, and try to create a frictionless experience. We want to be the very best of in-restaurant that we can possibly be, and that's what we're working hard at.
Gene Lee: We feel pretty good. We've been working hard at the Olive Garden. We've done approximately 230 remodels to date in the last four years; we did 28 in the quarter. We've got a few more to do -- we've got another 70 to do to get that fleet up to speed. Then, we're going to start just freshening the Farm Houses, which will not take nowhere near the capital that the RevItalia restaurants needed, so we feel like that fleet's in really good shape. We think LongHorn has got a little bit more of a timeless décor. The capital that we're putting into LongHorn right now is really to upgrade the off-premise experience, so we're putting a little bit of capital in there to create a space for the consumer to be able to make the experience a little less frictionless than it has been in the past. So, we feel good. We think our buildings have stood the test of time. The other thing I would add -- and, this is pre-this management team, and we've been able to continue it on -- is Darden has always done a great job with its maintenance capital and keeping its restaurants looking fabulous. There's times I walk into an Olive Garden that's 25 years old that really hasn't been remodeled recently, and I'll look around and say, "Boy, this place looks great. We've got good furniture, we're well painted, it looks clean." And so, our team has done a great job keeping these buildings in outstanding condition.
Gene Lee: Yeah. First of all, it's been dropping at the Darden level because of brand mix. As the smaller brands start to grow with a little less marketing spend, it's levering that down a little bit. We've worked hard over the last four years to decrease our non-working media. That was an area I thought that was a big opportunity inside Darden, so we've been able to eliminate some of those costs, and some of those non-working costs we transferred to working, and some of them we've been able to just put back into the P&L. We're going to continue with our big brands really honing in our advertising, improving our messaging, getting our messaging in the right place at the right time. And so, we think that our current spending levels are appropriate to support these businesses. I think that's why new unit growth in Olive Garden is so important, because we get to leverage the advertising spend. In some situations, it's the same for Olive Garden, and we'll continue to find ways to appropriately spend for our smaller brands.
Gene Lee: Everybody that's on the Cheddar's management team in senior levels are long-term Darden employees who understand our systems, understand our thought process, understand our branding. And, as far as bonus, Cheddar's this year is on the bonus program that all our other restaurant brands are on for the first time, which heavily incentivizes sales growth and profit growth.
Gene Lee: Okay. On Cheddar’s retention, it hasn’t gone backwards; it hasn’t made the improvement I was hoping for. I think what we’re struggling with both at the team member and management level here is expectations, right. We’ve come in, we’re starting to put in some structure and some processes, the expectations are a little higher. And so, when you go through this kind of turnaround, you do end up losing some management along the way. A lot of some, of the management that was in the system was tethered to the old management. They had worked with them before and when you make those changes those folks leave. So, I’m confident that we will start seeing the Cheddar’s human resource metrics start to come toward the Darden norms. And when we see that, I think our operations will improve. It took us a couple years to make those improvements happen in Yard House. And I expect that we’ll make progress here over the next 12 months. Its basic things and I know I keep coming back to this but we didn’t have an effective way to train new employees. We don’t have a great certified trainer program that we have in all of our other businesses. Now, we’re developing that and we’re implementing that. We have to ensure that everybody that we hire goes through a great training program. On the independent restaurant scene we know. Again, the CREST data has been saying for years that large brands are taking share from smaller brands and independent restaurants. We’ve seen some closures out there for independent restaurants but as I said before most of the time once a restaurant is a restaurant, it stays a restaurant, it just flips its name and goes down for two or three months, and then someone else comes in and tries to make it work. So, again we’re in an up cycle which is when a lot of people think they want to be in the restaurant business. So, independents are there. I think it’s tough for them to compete in this environment.
Gene Lee: Buy One, Take One and Never Ending Pasta Bowl were the exact same as last year, and we expect our promotional calendar to mirror pretty much what we did last year in the back half of the year.
Gene Lee: Yeah. We had another strong quarter in our upscale businesses. Capital Grille had a great quarter, continues to focus on driving guest counts. I would say there's guest counts and check in those numbers. Capital Grille is adding a little bit of capacity in a few restaurants, which has been helpful. We've got a lot of restaurants at full capacity, so we're managing full capacity and price, but the business is performing well. We're making meaningful progress in Eddie V's. We're real excited about the progress we've made there, especially on the income statement. That P&L is starting to look more like a Capital Grille P&L over time as the cost structure comes into line, so we think there's tremendous upside there. We've got a pretty good pipeline for Eddie V's, and we've got some good pipeline for Capital Grille in the future, which we'll discuss in an upcoming call, so we're excited about that. I'm not going to talk about private dining in December. Just know those businesses are healthy; they're running good. Let me sneak in a comment here about Seasons also because we're making great progress in Seasons. Although same-restaurant sales were down for the quarter, guest counts were positive. We've been making the strategic choice to bring check average down a little bit. And, I'm also thrilled with -- John Martin's overseeing that business right now, and he's taken a lot of costs out of the business that needed to be taken out, and year-over-year profitability is up. So, I'm excited about the direction of Seasons 52. We've got a good pipeline there, and I think that business is well positioned to really start to make a meaningful growth push into the future.
Gene Lee: We've closed a few patios, which have given us an extra 25 seats in restaurants, so that gives us full utilization of that space year-round.
Gene Lee: No, Stephen. We haven't seen any of that. Again, 3.7% Cap Grille for the quarter -- it's been strong, and we've got some restaurants in New York City, and it's been strong, so we haven't seen anything correlated to what's going on in the markets.
