Clarence Otis: We are very pleased that we were able to deliver 4% sales growth and 19% earnings per share growth this quarter and that would continue to increase our market share. And that share gain is being driven by both stronger than industry same-restaurant sales and stronger than industry new restaurant sales growth. From a same-restaurant sales perspective, we understand that the magnitude of our positive GAAP to the industry is going to vary from quarter to quarter. But we are confident we'll continue to outperform, and we're confident because we believe we are well positioned. We've got great brands, we have an increasingly effective and efficient brand support platform, we have got exceptionally talented people who are working well together. And finally, though it's not as robust as any of us would like, we have tailwind in the form of a recovering economy and a recovering industry. Now with these strengths, we were able to deliver strong results this quarter, and these strengths are why we believe that as the economy continuous to recover, for Darden the best is yet to come. And with that we will take your questions.
Clarence Otis: I think as we think about it, we look at our entire portfolio. We manage the portfolio and pull different levers at different plans and we talked about that really at the start of the last fiscal year. And so we are really working the different promotions trying to make them complementary across the brands. And so for us the critical numbers are, one, what the entire portfolio does compared to the industry, and two, the earnings that we get out of that. I would say from an entire portfolio perspective, on a sequential basis the GAAP to the industry increased. We think that's a good thing. We also think that we'll continue to outperform the industry. And a lot of the industry increase this quarter came from a higher check average than we anticipated. We feel pretty comfortable with our pricing and our check average growth. And to the extent the industry check average continues to be at elevated levels like they were in the first quarter that probably means a little bit of a shrink in our GAAP to the industry. But we talked at the beginning of the year about our blended comp being 2% to 3%, and we think that that's where we are lined up. We think we are pretty much on track to do that.
Clarence Otis: And I think just one last comment. It is an environment, given the overall macro situation we find ourselves in where we are much more tactical as everyone else is than we would be in a more normalized environment. And so some things are going to work as expected, some not quite as well, some better. And so you've seen a little bit more of that sort of period to period volatility move for example in the fourth quarter. Our tactics at all of Darden didn't work as well as we would have hoped. In the first quarter, they were spot on. And we think we are pretty good at it, which is why we think we've continued to take share on a same-restaurant basis, and to amplify that share gain with the new restaurant growth that we've got.
Clarence Otis: We've extended some modestly from where we were if we just look through the end of the calendar year, we're 90% or more forward contracted on those prices. As you look to the new calendar year, we have a number of items that we've contracted forward. I would say we are probably on a collective basis around 40% or so mark there. We do look at some of what is going on with grain prices and some of that. It's not really being sustainable at those high levels. And so we haven't taken further protection on those. But we like the positions we have right now. And we believe that time will work to our advantage on many of those commodity prices that we're looking at today in the stock market.
Clarence Otis: Well, I can speak more specifically certainly to the crab fest promotion. And just to step back one more time, when we put together our promotions, we particularly a new promotion like crab fest that we haven't done for quite some time, we go through a fairly rigorous innovation funnel if you will in terms of evaluating everything from the conceptual appeal of the promotion. So does crab fest as a promotion have appeal to the dishes in that promotion? Testing it in restaurant to make sure guest satisfaction and menu mix are as expected. And then advertising it on television and multiple markets to see if it drives traffic. We did all of that on crab fest. And on balance, we're very pleased with the results we saw in the test. We also thought we saw some opportunities to enhance the results that we got in the test. We adjusted the product line up modestly. And we increased the price from $12.99 in the test to $14.99. Because the test results were so strong and I think in hind sight that's why I said the $14.99 price point might have been just a little bit high. We did a seafood dinner for two offer than had basically $15 per person price. That's what gave us confidence because that promotion was very successful. But it just shows you that every concept in every set of products in every price point is unique. And that is our reflection looking back on it. And that's why I say we've got good insight we believe into but the opportunity was there. To your question about the gulf oil spill, certainly that was a big topic, particularly earlier in the summer. Particularly June and July, and as closely as we've looked at it, it is just a very difficult thing analytically to separate from everything else, all the other moving pieces that are out there. So it's too difficult for us to separate it and quantify it, although now, it's on everyone's mind, particularly in the summer.
Clarence Otis: I mean that another program that we tested pretty comprehensively in the second half of last year. And it's hard, it's about giving guests better service by giving them a more accurate wait quote time, and based on that, also understanding where we have opportunities to turn tables faster and increase guest throughput. So there is a guest satisfaction and a guest count opportunity that we demonstrated last year. And it's enabled by a new table management system. We've rolled that out to roughly 150 restaurants at Olive Garden at the end of the first quarter. We hope to be in position to have it fully in place before the holidays across the Olive Garden system. And then going forward, not this year, but in future years, we will look at the applicability of that system at our other brands as well.
Clarence Otis: And the biggest change for us was in the shrimp being delayed in August, which had a material impact on Red Lobster and whatever material impact on the blended comp for Darden as well.
Clarence Otis: What I would say on the restaurant labors is you're exactly on point there with the leveraging that comes with same-restaurant sales growth. That's typical of their business models and how we look at and manage labor. So that is the key driver. Fundamentally, under that is the targets that we made on improving productivity through many of our investments that we've made, close adherence to some processes. And the continued benefit of the low turnover in the industry. So less time has to go into training and attracting new employees. And in terms of looking further out for the year, I will say it will be highly depended on same restaurants sales progress as I mentioned in beginning it is a big driver. But last year, we would expect to continue to see improvement with same restaurants sales progress.
Clarence Otis: We actually work with econometrics shop to really try to get a feel starting with just the macro. So we've got economists that start with the same sort of variable that you start with GDP growth, all of those things. We've been working with this group, Market Outlook for many, many years. And so we got some factors that we think correlate the economy to consumer spending, and then to dining out in particular. And so we do see GDP growth as opposed to decline. We don't think it's going to be tremendously exciting growth, 1.5%, 2% but that does drive stronger sales than we've seen over the past eighteen months. As we look at all the factors that are correlated to that. And so that is essentially how we start. And then we look to see, does what happens in fact validate those assumptions. The first quarter is about what we thought it would be, may be a little bit stronger because of check as opposed to traffic. Traffic is about where we thought, check is a little higher.
Clarence Otis: We've talked for quite a while about really what we call transformative sort of cost initiatives that we've been pursuing, so further automating our supply chains, centralizing our facilities management really driving sustainability so we reduce our order and clean supply and energy usage in our restaurants. And we've talked about the fact that each of those fully implemented has pretty significant annual cost savings and that we are achieving those. And so we are moving toward that big number and we are getting incremental year-over-year improvements from each of those this year. We got some last year. We expect more next year. And so that certainly is helping across a lot of different line items.
Clarence Otis: And I think if you're trying to tag it to the spot market, that's not really relevant to us and we'd have to go through every cost item, because some of these we don't expect to come down from current market levels. Some of them we expect to go up, and some in the wholesale market that we play in are going to be flat and some others will come down slightly, but we'd have to walk through item by item.
Clarence Otis: Yes, we will opportunistically lock in some of those prices. We're not doing at the levels they're at today. We do think that they will mitigate some as we move through our fiscal year.
Clarence Otis: I think our assumption for the industry for the year is that traffic will be negative. I mean we think sales will be negative. We thought minus 1% for the year. But for sure, traffic would be negative, which is why again we don't think we're forecasting a real robust recovery, but it will improve. I mean it will be better than it was prior year.
Clarence Otis: The numbers that we really care about are the GDP numbers and the growth in discretionary and personal income, and those numbers are better than they were. I mean if you look a year ago, our industry showed negative I think on sales a minus 8% roughly. To go from that to flat reflects an environment that simply is better. It's been getting better sequentially for the last several quarters and we expect that to continue. I think a lot of it has to do with the job market, while not adding jobs is not shedding jobs, which is what we were doing a year ago. And so we think the sequential improvement that we've seen will continue.
Clarence Otis: As we think about it again and look back over the last couple of years, you had an environment where despite its much higher than industry average check, Red Lobster was gaining share. Most of the people that had check that was comparable to Red Lobster were seeing some fairly significant share declines. And now they've stabilized. I guess that's how we think about it. And that stabilization is good for them. But Red Lobster has been a share winner. And so there are not as many guests to recover I guess as some of the other chains.
Clarence Otis: I would say yes, John. We've talked about the three items that have been on the table from a transformative cost perspective. There are other things that can placed on the table. Obviously there is opportunity cost to pursue in those because in many cases it touches a lot of people throughout your organization and it gets in the way of having them deploy to build sales. But to the extent that we didn't think the sales building opportunity was there, we'd incur that cost.
Drew Madsen: And as it relates more specifically to Red Lobster, I guess I'd have you take a step back and reflect on where the brand was to where it has come and what our priorities are to-date. If you look back several years, heading into last fiscal year, Red Lobster had outperformed the industry four consecutive years on same-restaurant sales, and they had done that by improving the fundamentals, the consistency, the experience and the quality of the experience. So guest satisfaction going up, the introduction of Today's Fresh Fish, Wood-Fire Grilling, improved culinary expertise, all of those things. When the industry really slowed down last summer, and competitive discounting really elevated, the strategy we had needed to be adjusted. And that's why in the second half of last year, when we started with the Seafood Dinner For Two, we began adjusting our promotional tactics to recognize that while the industry is improving, consumers remain cautious. Red Lobster has a higher than average check, and we need to focus a little bit more on providing price assurance as it relates to affordability. Those tactics worked very well for us in the third quarter last year. The specific tactics we chose did not work as strongly as we would have liked in the first quarter this year. We think we've got a good understanding of why they didn't for American Seafood Adventure and Crabfest. I would build in that learning into the tactics that we are going to use going forward. I think that's primarily the reason.
Drew Madsen: Well in terms of the dynamics, we see on check there is some art and there is some science in terms of trying to separate what's driving that. Now, the check increase of 2.6% was meaningfully higher than the prior quarter. And conceptually, that could be driving by discounting as you said, pricing, menu mix, or within the Knapp-Track grouping, by brand mix as well. And when we look at the levels of discounting at the biggest chains out there, first quarter this year versus the first quarter last year, for the most part it's pretty comparable. Looking it out, would be Chili's, Fridays, Outback, our brands. Chili's started their promotion this year, their 2 for $20 a little later than they did last year. But on balance the aggressive discounting is pretty similar, and as a result what we think is driving the increase isn't a dramatic change in deeper discounting, but its core menu pricing and menu mix which I said we view favorably. And we think it's important to take consistent levels of pricing, so you can, over the long period maintain your business model integrity and not shock your guests with big price increases that maybe have been artificially delayed for a year or two. So we view any check increase related to modest and appropriate pricing as positive, and we will continue to do that. On the other hand, we know it's a very value-sensitive environment still, and we are not going to be overly aggressive as it relates to the items we feature in the restaurant promotionally on our collateral material to more aggressively increase check beyond that. As it relates to your question on the brands, the brands that have a higher check and maybe have a improving trend in same-restaurant sales and as a result lifting the Knapp-Track average, they are referring to brands like Capital Grille. We're more referring to systems like Outback, Steakhouse, Ruby Tuesday that sort of thing.
Drew Madsen: Yes, well, Red Lobster has, as you indicated, higher than average check and their customer base is a little lower on income directionally than some of our other brands. And as a result, we've decided that we need to emphasize affordability more, not deep discounts, but affordability. And when we've done that effectively, as we did last year with the Seafood Dinner for Two, we drive profitable same-restaurant sales growth and we drive improving guest satisfaction. We didn't do it as effectively with the tactics in the first quarter as we would have liked or as effectively as the testing we did leading up to the quarter would have indicated. It should have worked. And as Clarence said, some tactics worked better than others, and we're building the learning from that into what we do going forward. But it's less a base business question or it's less a brand question. It's more a promotional effectiveness question during the first quarter.
Drew Madsen: And I would add that what it's taken for them to stabilize from a promotional strategy standpoint is far more aggressive than what we are doing at Red Lobster. And while it may be leading to a same-restaurant sales stabilization, it's less clear what it's doing to operating margins and profit.
Brad Richmond: If you're looking at same-restaurant sales, there are a number of restaurants that aren't in that base yet, because we wait until they are sixteen months past their opening. So that would comprise any real difference. There are no meaningful adjustments at all to breakage rates or anything like that.
Brad Richmond: Well, we think a couple of things; one is we do think the industry environment will continue to improve through our fiscal year. And so, we talked about that actually at the beginning of the fiscal year, that we thought that that would be the case. We met a lot of skepticism, but in fact it has. And so the industry was down I think about 1 point if I remember in the fourth quarter, flat this quarter. We think it will continue to improve through the year. We expect our business to continue to improve through the years the economy recovers. The slope of that recovery is not going to be as steep as any of us would like, but as we plan the year we expected it to be a slow slog, but nevertheless an improvement. And we expect to participate in that improvement.
Brad Richmond: When we look at the margin performance in the first quarter, that's been very strong. We would at this point look at an annual number that's very similar to what we achieved in the first quarter. Now it's going to vary some of the seasonality of our business. But we see, as I mentioned earlier, the improvement at the food and beverage line continuing maybe not at as high level that we've seen right now. We've talked some about the ability to leverage same-restaurant sales growth and the positive impact that can have on restaurant labor. So we see those as a two biggest opportunities for us to continue to have healthy margin improvements over the prior year. I think on some of the other expenses, there are different activities going on, but that will be in the range of where they were last year, maybe some slight improvements or maybe a little bit above depending on the opportunities we see to invest and grow the business or to capture some of the opportunities out there. But the business model that we have, the support platforms that supports the 1,800-plus restaurants out there is very strong, continues to get stronger and enables us to really leverage the same-restaurant sales growth as well as the meaningful new unit growth that we have as we move forward here. So nothing has really changed from the beginning of the year in terms of the overall picture, little pluses and minuses, but still pretty darn solid.
Brad Richmond: I'd say the pricing will be probably right at 2%, maybe slightly below that if we look at the different brands there, but pretty close to that. As we're seeing, there could be some mixed change as promotions develop and all that. But I think the pricing obviously is impactful in all the line item analysis. And we look at the pricing that we have in there just below 2%, and the cost pressures that we're looking at are placing pressures on commodities, as well as the items that Clarence just mentioned that helped mitigate some of those costs. We're making good progress on capturing some of those gains this year. 28.5% seems to be a pretty good number for us to be expecting.
Brad Richmond: We're seeing in the back half of the year that there actually will be inflation in our commodity basket of about 0.5%.
Brad Richmond: What we're saying is the non-contracted items will be coming up from where we are today of about 0.5% or so and not coming down.
Brad Richmond: That's just the annual rhythm of the market. There are seasons where you shouldn't lock in. Or in other seasons where you should. So beef is one of those seasons where we're starting to get closer to where you probably should lock in, but we would have never done that in the summer months.
Brad Richmond: And then, just to go back to the prior question because I dug out the numbers. But first quarter last year, industry down 7.8%, down 6% in the second quarter, 4.2% in the third, 1.4% in the fourth, flat now. And we expect that sequential progression to continue. Actually we expect the progression to decelerate, but still continue.
Brad Richmond: And I would add, as Clarence mentioned earlier, the three major transformational projects we're working on are progressing on or ahead of the pace that we've communicated in the past. And the level of incremental savings this year compared to last year from those three projects is meaningful.
Brad Richmond: We continued to look at that and have made some hedging of some of our future anticipations. And when you get the Q, you can see more of those. But we see it as a very favorable interest rate environment. So we are locking some of those up. But what I would say is the strong cash flows from our business and our ability to reinvest that into the remodels and new unit growth. We are still generating excess cash. So we're returning that in the form the increased dividend and meaningful share buyback in this quarter and anticipate that continuing throughout the fiscal year. So yes, it's a good time to be borrowing, but we also have strong cash flow. So we don't have a need to do that, but we are managing it as prudently as we can in terms of our debt balances.
Brad Richmond: And Clarence kind of mentioned earlier about the seasonality in beef. So we are entering that period where we have the least amount contracted forward. So if we look into the new calendar year, we know we are in that 20% give or take a little bit of range because this isn't the time that you would seasonally do that, but we are approaching that. I think you mentioned on seafood, particularly the shrimp, lobster, crab the big items, we're two thirds or more for price protected on those items. So a big part of it is done. The piece that we are still waiting to move on would be the beef component though.
Brad Richmond: I would say it touches a pretty broad area, but it starts with the lobby experience and trying to make that better. By really getting away from what today exists of pen and paper with a greeter that is fairly pressured to give a quote time. So the first step is to provide more accurate quote time. And so that makes the lobby experience better into the guests. You are getting a better time, they don't potentially get an artificially long time. So that you are not faced with frustration of not meeting the expectation there.
Brad Richmond: It's automated so that is a much more fail-proof system. Increases consistency and accuracy throughout the whole system. It also gets us into managing the dining room better. So we know where there are open tables, and how to better manage those. It also ensures that all the checks are run up. So there are some advantages there. And importantly gives a new point to help project guest counts, because now we can measure how many guest are waiting to get into the restaurant that you typically can't capture in our old system. So we can better anticipate demand, better staff the dining for the guest when they are ready to come versus when we are ready to serve them. So it really touches a broad array of item for us in terms of managing the overall guest experience to make it better, managing our P&L. And the results for Olive Garden have been a pretty meaningful. So we are pleased with that, and as we talked about we'll move that to the Olive Garden system and then opportunistically, we'll moved it into other brands as well.
Gene Lee: As far as trends for Capital Grille, as the environment showed some improvement in the first part of the calendar year we reduced some of the incentives we used last year. And that's why our sequential trend was down a little bit. Also, we saw some weakness around Memorial and July 4 holiday. But overall we continued to experience growth during the week as business travel and entertainment continues to grow. As far as traffic and average check, we're still seeing pressure in average check. Primarily being driven by reduction add-on sales and reduction alcoholic beverage. The third question was around supply and demand for upscale restaurants. Well obviously, we see and experiencing less on the demand side compared to where we were two or three years ago. Not a lot of new high end restaurants being built out there, which is providing us an opportunity from a development standpoint. We're well along the way with adding additional Seasons 52 and Capital Grille. And we believe the environment right now is a good time for us to grow both of these brands.
Gene Lee: Well, we have to go back and look at our promotional calendar for August. I mean, months are not things that we pay a lot of attention to because there's a lot of noise. In the actual calendar Labor Day came pretty late this year. It may have come earlier last year. I don't know how is that and the start of back-to-school effects. We think that the quarter last year, if I recall, got better from June to August and that's not what we saw this year if I recall.
Gene Lee: As I said, there's also one last week, then the shrimp advertising in September this year compared to last year as well because we delayed the whole promotion two weeks. We'll be picking up a week late at the end in November.
