Clarence Otis: Thanks Drew. We are of course very pleased with our financial performance this quarter. It reflects some encouraging industry trends for sure but it also is strong evidence that Darden is well positioned. We have great brands and we have what we think is an increasingly effective and efficient brand support platform. All of that is the case because of one thing; that is because we have exceptionally talented people and those people are working well together. These talented teams in our restaurants and in our restaurant support center are why we have successfully navigated what we all know has been just an incredibly challenging environment.  More importantly, they are why we believe that as the economy recovers and beyond that gets back to normalized growth the best is yet to come for this company. We have tremendous confidence in our business. We feel great about how we are performing today and about our strategic and tactical decisions and we are excited about the future.  With that we will take your questions. Thank you. 
Clarence Otis: I will start. We have talked throughout the fiscal year really about what we thought would happen in the industry. We did think we would see the industry improve through the fiscal year. That has happened. Third quarter as Drew said was much better than the second. We expect the industry to be better in the fourth than it was in the third quarter. We said all along our goal is to outperform the industry. We haven’t really framed that I guess through this period but we have maintained a very strong gap. There is volatility from quarter to quarter and month to month based upon what competitors are doing and what we are doing.  We talked about a 200 basis point gap I think as we entered the year. We did feel we would see a fair amount of discounting that might narrow the gap. Obviously that has abated and the gap has widened. So, we would expect that in a more normalized environment from a discounting perspective we would have a wider gap than that. 
Clarence Otis: There is always a material difference in the business in the restaurants that are getting more advertising support than not. We did not add incremental media or incremental coupons at Longhorn. We think the trend change we are seeing just reflects continuous improvement in the marketing and culinary teams at Longhorn in terms of developing creative, compelling new dishes and putting those in advertising in more compelling ways that really helps build the brand image as a great casual dining Steakhouse and helps drive incremental traffic and that is complementing everything else the brand has already done to improve the guest experience and so forth. 
Clarence Otis: We would not. We have talked about what we think we are going to do for the year. Implicit in that is a fourth quarter sort of expectation. I would say as we look out that is less about what is going on in March and more about the fact we are in an environment that is still choppy. It is how would describe the overall economic environment. So again we are seeing the industry strengthen. We expect that to continue. It is fragile enough it may get some setbacks with some headlines that are adversely [not had] those kinds of headlines so far in March. But we still have two months to go in the quarter. 
Clarence Otis: We are really doing our math based upon prior year comparisons which are a little more difficult for the industry. But even as we see industry improvement it is up against a stronger comp prior year. Nevertheless we do expect it to improve. We haven’t seen any reason we should change that expectation and we continue to expect our sales to outperform the industry across the board and we have talked about Longhorn. Longhorn has really been outperforming the industry for quite some time now after having lagged.  Drew talked about they have been working on a lot of things to strengthen the brand. That work started with the acquisition two years ago but a lot of those initiatives really haven’t shown up in the guest experience until quite recently. We think when you put all those together it forms a critical mass that changes how guests view the brand in a positive way. So we expect outperformance to continue at Longhorn as well as the other two large brands. 
Clarence Otis: As you said the healthcare bill is largely completely although the reconciliation component of that hasn’t passed the Senate yet. So there still could be some additional changes. What we have done is we will study the bill in its final form and figure out really the impact on our business and our employees and we will analyze the cost implications for the business. We think that it is much like a lot of the other cost challenges we face like rising commodity costs, minimum wage increases, the costs of nutrition disclosure. We had to take time to understand the cost implications and plan for implementation.  We do have time to plan. Most of the provisions in the current legislation would be effective for us in 2014 which is really the second half of our fiscal 2013. The provisions that are effective before that are provisions that aren’t expected to have a significant impact on us. For example, our medical plans do not exclude pre-existing conditions today so that prohibition which is effective next year is not going to affect us. Again, we are working really to understand the implications. We feel pretty confident about our ability to really respond through some combination of cost management and price increase. 
Clarence Otis: At this time we are not prepared to talk about fiscal 2011. We will of course do that on the year-end and fourth quarter call in June. I would just go back to the long-term targets we talked about at our February investor conference which is that 10-15%. We feel good about that. We think it requires all of the things we talked about which is the work we are doing to really drive the top line both from a same restaurant sales perspective and unit growth and all the cost transformation initiatives we are undertaking.  As we said those are designed to really be responsive to some of the long-term cost pressures whether those are ultimately on the food cost side as we get increasing competition for food from emerging countries or things like healthcare. So all of those things are designed to respond to the fact we think some of these cost pressures are persistent and will keep us in that 10-15% earnings per share growth range. 
Clarence Otis: That has been our growth target for a very long term. Probably more of it being driven by operating profit growth going forward, cash flow growth and reduced share base. So very strong growth. We think it is one validation of the acquisition. Brad talked about peak margins. We have new targets for peaks at this point. A lot of that has to do with the cost synergies we saw from the acquisition with the kind of top line growth that we expect given the addition of two proven, yet growing brands in Longhorn and Capital Grille. 
Clarence Otis: We have not talked about it publicly but it is safe to say the large brands will be probably the bulk of the focus. 
Clarence Otis: We have talked in the past about the fact that when it comes to pricing the thing we try to do is be as consistent as we can. When we see short-term spikes or declines in cost we tend to absorb the spikes and benefit from the decline and not move the pricing around a lot because as you look over the long term 2-3% is where we tend to be. Occasionally we might get below that or slightly above it but in that 2-3% range. We are obviously more toward the bottom of that through a more affordability sensitive period like that. We are at the bottom of that range given what has happened in commodity costs inflation and inflation in general to help build margins. But we absorbed some inflation that was above that range coming into this recession and took a little bit of a margin hit. So it all nets out I think over the long term is how we think about it. 
Clarence Otis: I would say 2% sounds a little heavy. I think we are lighter than that. Probably more like 1%. There are a few wrinkles having to do with the extra week that technically put pressure on the comp. I guess I will let Brad try to walk you through that wrinkle. 
Clarence Otis: A last comment, I would reiterate one of the things I said earlier which is that is a look at the entire quarter. It is not a comment on quarter to date. Right? So we are forecasting what we think the quarter may be based upon the two unknown months as opposed to the known months. So it really reflects a perspective the environment remains fragile as opposed to anything we are seeing in the business currently. 
Clarence Otis: I would say on the G&A line we actually invest in trying to get more cost efficient. So a lot of the investments show up on the G&A line the benefit of those investments may show up on other lines; labor, food, marketing, all of those things. So the G&A line is probably not the appropriate way to look at leverage because again those investments take place there, the benefits come in all the other places. I don’t know if that is one I would focus as much attention on. 
Clarence Otis: When we look at that long-term target we talk about 2-4%. That 2-4% would build margins and push us to new levels which we would expect. So we look at margin growth annually on a normalized basis depending on where we are investing of 20-50 basis points a year. That is what we tend to be in. 
Clarence Otis: We haven’t really detailed that particular line item out. It is more incorporated in our overall guidance. We are enjoying a very strong cash flow. We ended the quarter with no draw against our revolvers so all we have out there is our bonds. That is definitely helping our interest expense on a year-over-year basis. That is probably about all of the detail on that particular line item. 
Clarence Otis: We have seen a shift in the real estate environment in a couple of areas. Maybe the most important is that our brands are able to secure higher quality sites than they might have been able to in the past for a variety of reasons. One, our brands are broadly appealing. They attract a lot of traffic. They are very differentiated. Second, the financial strength of Darden is obviously appealing in this environment. So one meaningful trend is being able to access higher quality sites which is a great thing long-term.  Second, we have seen across the country building costs come down about 10%. Even though there are very few new developments to be constructed now because of all of the challenges with existing tenants. We are seeing rents come down also probably more in the 5% range. 
Andrew Madsen: We were very pleased with the performance of the Seafood Dinner for Two promotion. We thought it did a great job of balancing the two things we are really are striving to do in this environment. One is on a brand like Red Lobster periodically give guests the affordability they are looking for but do it in a way that doesn’t negatively impact brand image or business model. We thought this price at dinner for two at $29.99 did that very well based on the preference that promotion got in restaurants to guest satisfaction that it got in restaurant. The impact on the sales trend improvement operating margins improved. We think it did everything we were looking for it to do.  On the other hand, to put that in context as we said on the call last quarter we are going to use promotions like that selectively on a brand like Red Lobster and we don’t really want to comment further on what is going to happen in the future but we will periodically use things like that to give price certainty to their guests without deep discounts. 
Andrew Madsen: One follow-up, while it has helped build margins we are very conscious of value perception and usage across all demographic groups and the value ratings have remained very strong. 
Andrew Madsen: We didn’t increase our advertising dollars at Longhorn but the marketing as a percent of sales was up and I think they had one extra week of TV during the quarter. They had more points. 
Brad Richmond: On the gift cards that all represents a sales deduction so that is how you should think of that. It does not affect any of our same restaurant sales performance calculations but that is where that particular adjustment occurs. In terms of the CapEx I think we detailed that pretty good our expectations at our mid-February analyst call. There has been really no meaningful update there. It does suggest obviously a significant amount of CapEx investment as we strengthen our brands around remodels both at Longhorn Steakhouse and Red Lobster as well as an accelerated unit growth pace as we look to fiscal 2011. 
Brad Richmond: The first part of that question, restaurant labor, really there are two key components that go into that. The front line labor, that direct cost, we do continue to see equal to or slightly better leverage on that particular line. But we are experiencing some costs in the other components of that labor around unemployment taxes we have to pay and certain benefit costs around group insurance as well as with the stronger performance we have our restaurant managers are enjoying good bonuses out of those. That is probably the real driver in that number.  I would caution while we have grown same restaurant sales, guest count which is the real driver of that still aren’t positive enough to get real leveraging out of that. So when we look at the labor we are deploying in the front lines serving the guests, we are happy where that is and we are managing that pretty darned well equal to or better than the rate we were at least year. 
Brad Richmond: I would just add we talked in February about what our absolute performance was in terms of margins and all that. Now basically with the strong quarter we have now we are probably at or maybe a little above our peak margins we have been at. So from here same restaurant sales growth you can take a lot of that and convert it very efficiently and effectively into earnings growth. So the ability to achieve 10-15% earnings growth over the long-term we feel very well positioned to do that from our financial model. I think our brand strength showed itself again this quarter. That sets us up very well as we think about the longer term. 
Brad Richmond: Again we will get into fiscal 2011 when we get into our June call. What I would say is we have worked our [debt mix] to a level we feel very comfortable with in this environment. As we look to go forward the strong cash our businesses generate will allow us to return more to our shareholders both through the form of dividends and share buyback. I think we have been pretty light on that this year compared to our historical trends. I would say there is a good likelihood there will be more there but in terms of clarifying or defining that I think we will wait until June when we get this year taken care of. 
Brad Richmond: I think you said it pretty good. I think what we are seeing right now is consumers are going through their drawers and finding all the old gift cards and everything they can for our businesses and probably others. We have seen a pattern that has changed as we do with any of our accounts where there is a [fair amount estimated to] have routinely go through to assess those. We have seen that redemption rate has gone up. I think you are correct it has been one of the things that has helped our sales as well. We have strong brands. You can use these cards at over 1,800 different restaurants. I think it has been a little bit of a plus to our same restaurant sales performance. I would say in the magnitude of things it is really hard to measure that. It is not that significant of a number there.  What I would say is as you do pick up on nuance there our margins are a little bit stronger than the published reports would indicate because this is treated as a sales deduction. So I think that number is maybe 40-50 basis points better than reported numbers show. That would appear a little bit on every line item of the P&L. So the individual line it is not significant. I do think it has helped us bring more guests into our restaurants. 
Brad Richmond: I would go back to our business model we talked about in February. We continue to strengthen that. I think the more we can drive through same restaurant performance, AUV’s in our restaurants is the highest returning and biggest margin building sales growth we have. Historically if you go back a few years ago that is how we were driving most of our business and we didn’t have high unit growth vis a vie the industry. Now we have a model that is a much better mix between same restaurant sales growth and unit growth. So I think the value possible if you will is looking at those two components and seeing how you can grow your business between those measures.  Also we have talked about the transformative cost initiatives we have out there. Those to the degree we don’t incur an increasing cost environment can be converted to lower pricing which could help drive unit volumes and/or some combination of improving margins and driving earnings that way in addition to growing average unit volumes. 
Brad Richmond: It is a very meaningful impact for Red Lobster in the quarter and I think in the press release if you look at February we detailed that a little bit. It is a little bit of a drag on Longhorn’s performance although pretty insignificant. Really we don’t measure much of an impact on Capital Grille but to your point those impacts net/net helped the third quarter a little bit and then hurts the fourth quarter a little bit particularly with the strong results Red Lobster has had with their Lobsterfest promotion. 
Brad Richmond: Basically the 53rd week last year that traditional last week of the fiscal year is a weaker and lower volume weak so we have excluded last year. We are comparing the same 13 weeks that last year’s results were reflecting. This year we moved that 13th week or that weaker week back into our quarterly computation. So it is some of the impact. It is really not too dramatic though. It does put more downward pressure.  I think more when I look at it and then at the fourth quarter we are wrapping on much stronger comparisons to last year in the fourth quarter than we were in the second quarter. We had the Red Lobster Lobsterfest promotion has moved two weeks out of the fourth quarter and into the third. Then to go back to Clarence’s earlier comments about just looking at where the industry is, where the consumers are we do expect it to improve modestly. We expect we will outperform the industry performance but we also look at a consumer that is still in a fragile state right now and we need to continue to see their household economics strengthen. We need to see more employment as well to really drive the industry and our business. 
Brad Richmond: Gift cards, a lot of those redeem fairly quickly within the first 90 days. Maybe 70% or so of those. You would be surprised. They have a very long development period that we have a lot of activity on these cards into the second year and even past the second year. So you do have to look at a fairly long development period. It does reflect what has been happening recently but you have to look at longer periods to do that. I think consumers are digging pretty deep in that.  I think the other thing we see is our sales of these through third parties. Those sales channels we have had meaningful increases over the past couple of years in those sales channels. Those cards typically have a slightly higher redemption rate if you would than what we sell in our restaurants.  In terms of our overall performance on our gift card sales we really don’t get into the details of that. We have been very pleased with the program we have had for a number of years. We have had meaningful increases in that. It helps drive sales right after typically the Christmas holiday season period there that we find beneficial. We see that also helps expose more consumers to our brand. They get these as a gift and they come in. I think we have seen a lot of that benefit in this particular quarter with Longhorn. They now were able to use the Darden network so we got a lot more of their cards out there for consumers to see. I think that is one of the advantages of the acquisition beyond the cost synergies we have talked about to help them grow their total sales base as well. So we are pretty pleased with all of that. 
Brad Richmond: I would agree with Clarence there because we do make at different times meaningful investments there to help drive the high average unit volumes that our brands enjoy and help avoid some of the costs that come along. But if you look at new unit growth that leverages our support structure that we have here so we do get some leverage on that part of our G&A. As Clarence said we invest at different times for different initiatives.  Same restaurant sales in our existing restaurants meaningfully leverage all of the lines on our P&L that we have there. So to your point, you do expect to see a bit of leveraging on virtually all the lines. Very little though on cost of sales and year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter it may vary on what we are doing on G&A. You see most of the leverage coming though in the restaurant expense, depreciation and restaurant labor.  I think the last part of your question about same restaurant sales and what does it take to grow our margins, obviously you can look at the recent history or this year and see that we are growing those margins pretty significantly on a down traffic and down sales. I don’t think that is a longer term norm but we have made really meaningful progress on our business model here. I think historically we have said we needed close to 2% same restaurant sales to maintain our margins. I would say by looking at where we are today somewhere in the low 1% range is all it would take in a normalized environment to maintain our margins. Anything above that you would add to our margins and accelerated earnings growth. 
Brad Richmond: I would say first we always review this but I think we have seen a meaningful change in the consumer’s behavior. We have seen our sales channel mix grow more in certain areas. So barring major changes from those I think we have everything adjusted that we need to and wouldn’t expect any future adjustments. I would say we are always looking at this and should consumer patterns or behaviors change that might be there but it is not anything that I would anticipate. We believe the entire gift cards we have outstanding we have adjusted for those. 
Brad Richmond: I think this is more reflective of a year’s worth of same restaurant sales challenge there. Average unit volumes were down a little bit. When we look at the programs we modeled our new restaurants we are very pleased with where they are. I think it is just a result of the sales leveraging impact that is going on there. Nothing else particularly that is driving that. You have to remember that many of the units coming online recently were units that were in the works 1.5-2 years ago so they do have a little bit higher investment base there than what we have with units going forward. So that is a bit of pressure on that line. There is nothing else significant or meaningful that is going on there. 
