Rick Cardenas: Thank you, Gene. Good morning, everyone. It is an honor to be appointed Darden's next Chief Executive Officer, and I'm grateful to Gene and the Board for their confidence in me. It is humbling to lead 170,000 outstanding team members who nourish and delight everyone we serve. I was incredibly fortunate to work with each of Darden's CEOs, so I have a strong appreciation for the legacy of leadership I am inheriting. By upholding our commitment to operational excellence, and maximizing the power of the Darden platform, we will continue to execute our strategy to drive growth and shareholder value. Turning to the quarter. Our restaurants continue to execute at a high level. Our focus on simplifying operations to drive execution remains our top priority, which is why we once again paused any new initiatives during the quarter in order to eliminate distractions and allow our operators to focus on running great shifts. This pause also ensures they can zero in on people and product, as we navigate through the current staffing and supply chain challenges. From a people perspective, we feel good about the progress we've made on the staffing front. Across our brands, manager staffing levels are above historical norms, and team member staffing levels continue to improve. Our new hiring system has made it easier to source talent, giving our management teams more time to focus on successfully onboarding and training new team members. We also continue to invest in our team members, further strengthening our industry-leading employment proposition. Earlier this year, we committed to increasing the minimum hourly earnings for our restaurant team members to $12, which includes income earned through gratuities by January 2023. However, given the strength of our performance, we are accelerating that timing to January 2022. This primarily impacts entry-level roles such as hosts, busters and dishwashers. And with this change, we expect our restaurant team members will earn, on average, approximately $20 per hour. Our people are the key to our performance. We work hard to be the employer of choice in our industry, and we're proud that our retention rates for managers and team members are both in the top quartile, and we will continue to invest in them to retain and attract the best talent in the industry. On the product side, our supply chain team continues to do a great job, making sure our restaurants have the products they need to serve our guests. Our inventory levels are strong, and the team's ability to meet the needs of the business can be seen in the fact that we shipped more cases in the last two quarters than at any time during Darden's history. The ability to maintain supply continuity for our restaurants minimizes distractions and allows our operators to focus on executing at the highest level, whether our guests are in our dining rooms or enjoying the convenience of To Go. During the quarter, To Go sales continued to benefit from the strength of our digital platform. This platform not only makes it easier for our teams to execute, it makes it more convenient for our guests to visit, order, pay and pick up. Off-premise sales accounted for 28% of total sales at Olive Garden and 15% of total sales at LongHorn Steakhouse. Digital transactions accounted for 60% of all off-premise sales during this quarter and 11% of Darden's total sales. Finally, we successfully opened 12 new restaurants during the quarter, including a flagship Yard House in Times Square, with minimal staffing challenges. The time to build a new restaurant is longer today than it has been historically, and we are also beginning to see longer lead times for kitchen equipment and technology hardware. Regardless, we remain on track to open approximately 35 to 40 new restaurants this fiscal year. To wrap up, I also want to recognize our team members in our restaurants and our support center, for your tireless efforts in creating exceptional experiences for our guests. I wish you all a safe and happy holiday season. Now I'll turn it over to Raj.
Rick Cardenas: Andrew, this is Rick. First of all, I just want to say how proud I am of the work that Dan and his team has done, keeping with our strategy. We did have trends improved in Q2, and we exceeded industry 2 year comp growth. So thanks for noticing that. I think one of the things that we've been thinking about through marketing spend is we're going to continue to look for equilibrium and react accordingly to whatever happens in the marketplace. Advertising will always be a part of Darden's mix because of the scale advantage they have. And if and when we increase our marketing spend we'd expect it to earn a return compared to where we were if we didn't have any marketing spend. So we're going to continue to see what happens. We don't - we know that there's some advertisers out there with some heavy TRPs. We had $44 million less in media this quarter than we did two years ago. And we feel good about where we were.
Rick Cardenas: Andrew, yes, you mentioned our To Go sales at Olive Garden were a little bit higher than they were in Q1. We had a - this is a typically lower volume quarter for us and the To Go sales stayed up there. So that helped our total percentage. To answer your question about what we expect it to be, we do expect it to be higher than our 20% that we said. It is a little bit stickier than we thought. You guys were all right about that, a little stickier than we thought. We're not going to necessarily say, we should expect to be at 25%, but probably above 20%.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Eric. Yes, we saw the same increase in November that the industry did. And as I said, Olive Garden was ahead of the industry, and so with LongHorn. What I would say is it's too early to tell if it was a pull forward from shopping. We do know that retail sales were a little bit more online this year than a normal kind of after Thanksgiving, and some of the retailers were closed on Thanksgiving Day. But it's too early to tell about that. We do have a shift, as we've said before, that Thanksgiving shifted back into our second quarter from our third quarter two years ago, and we're seeing that kind of impact this quarter. So still too early to tell, but the holidays do lineup pretty well for us. I will caveat all that by saying weather is the biggest fluctuation in this quarter, and we'll see what happens. If weather hits during a holiday period, then that could be a little bit of a challenge on the comp.
Rick Cardenas: Sorry about that, guys. Sorry. Chris thanks a lot for the question. This is Rick. As a reminder, the second quarter is our lowest seasonal quarter. We did run NAPB two years ago. So, we're really proud of the fact that we comped over two years ago without never any possible running. And this was really aided by the point you made up in staffing, aided by productivity enhancements we made during the quarter, and the fact that our two - new team members were moving up the learning curve more quickly and becoming more productive. And there could be something about vaccination rates being above Q1 levels, so maybe people are more comfortable dining out. And the fact that we have, as you mentioned, made these investments in our core items. They are: we've made great investments in the items that people really want. The value ratings are great, and we're just executing at a high level.
Rick Cardenas: I think about a couple of things that are not directly related to training and staffing. So those initiatives, we're still working on making sure that we've got our restaurants staffed and we've got our restaurants staffed and we've got our people trained. But things like new product development, that for years, we've done a lot of new development, but we're focusing on just developing one or two products a year that are really great. And so we thought it was right for us to not go ahead and do that during this time when we can keep managers focused entirely on staffing their restaurant, making sure they train their people. So that's an example. We're still doing a lot of things here in the support center that are getting ready to gear up, a lot on the technology front, but that was one example.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, this is Rick. We're talking weeks, not months, a couple of weeks here or there. We may have a restaurant or two that might go a little bit longer than that, but on average, we're a few weeks. And we are starting to order a lot of these long lead time items a lot sooner, and actually holding them in inventory, which not driving our inventory costs up, but making sure that we have the kitchen equipment to open the restaurant when the restaurant is ready to open. So not very long.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Peter. We've always focused on our technology in three places, and I'll talk about the two big ones, guest-facing and restaurant technology. So if you think about what we're doing on the restaurant side. We are doing a lot of things to help improve productivity, simplifying processes for managers so that they don't have to hunt and pack and do other things so that they can spend their time training their people. But we don't foresee bringing in technology that will reduce the number of people that we need to do the job. We are a full-service restaurant company, and we're going to maintain that to provide the service that our guests expect. We will bring technology into help that, but not to necessarily replace.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Brett, this is Rick. I'll start with the second part. We're at about 95% of pre-COVID staffing levels, where in the end of the first quarter, we were at 90%. So we continue to increase that percentage. But I will say that, we don't - because of the productivity enhancements that we've made over the years in these brands, it means we don't need as many people as before. So a majority of our restaurants are well staffed. The exclusions that we've seen are still the most complicating factor. As exclusions for COVID, they still - the most complicating factors, especially on the weekends when we're busy. So we feel good about our staffing levels. We just want to keep trying to make sure that we get people that can work and not be excluded and continue to hire people every week and train them.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. And I'll take the - I'll take the other part of that. As we've been making investments in our off-premise experience, making it easier for our guests to order pick up and pay, we still see people coming back more often and more often on the off-premise side. That's why we think the off-premise is going to stay at a little bit more elevated level, which could become very convenient, so maybe people won't come in as often. But we believe that in the long run, we'll get back to our pre-COVID levels of on-premise experiences as we continue to invest in our food as we continue to increase our staffing levels, as people become more confident and comfortable going out to eat. We believe that in the long run, we will get back to our in-restaurant experience.
Rick Cardenas: Lauren, this is Rick. We aren't really seeing a whole lot of differences across the country on staffing, not any more challenging in Texas as it is in New York. We're staffing our restaurants, and we're seeing the pickup. We've actually implemented a new system. As we mentioned, it's increasing our speed of hire. The one thing we've got an incredible employment proposition. When we make an offer, people accept it, and that's a great thing. And so, I think that to me, is the biggest nature. Our employment proposition is so strong that people want to come to work for us. As it relates to future need to increase our minimum kind of guaranteed wage. Right now, we're looking at - the number that we have right now at $12 is the right thing for us. As we said, and Gene mentioned, we average over $20 - around $20 an hour after this change, and we'll continue to monitor that and see where we need to increase wages on a market-by-market basis.
Rick Cardenas: No. We view labor as actually more sticky. So, it really focuses on the commodities, is where we see some of the transitory, especially on the proteins front where you already see some of that coming back, right? You saw beef prices pick up, especially middle states, and they're coming - you're starting to come - you see them come down.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Let me start with the second part of the question on the $12 wage. That really isn't costing us very much in the grand scheme of things. It's a very small portion of the wage inflation that we're seeing in the back half of the year. And so, I'll leave it at that. On the productivity side, we're more productive than we were - when we were two years ago. We're about as productive as we were in the first quarter versus two years ago. But I will say, remember, our second quarter is the lowest sales quarter. So productivity is a little bit more difficult to do than in Q1 and Q3.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Andy, this is Rick. We're really proud of the work Chedder has done on the people front. Let me give you a couple of statistics without getting into too much detail on our P&L. They've added - they're back close to where LongHorn and Olive Garden is on the percent of their general managers that have been general managers for a year or more, where they were way far away from that a couple of years ago. Their management turnover continues to improve. I believe the last 45 restaurant general managers are managing partners that they added were all promotion within. You couldn't say that a couple of years ago. We've got a strong, strong pipeline that we're building of managers. And we do expect to have more openings in fiscal 2023 at Cheddar's than we did in - I'm sorry, in - yeah, in fiscal 2023 at Cheddar's than we had in fiscal 2022. So we're really excited where they are, partly because of the business model improvements they've made, which we don't highlight, because they're in the other segment, but they've had a significant improvement in their business model, which gives us even more confidence that they can grow with this pipeline that they're building in people.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, James, thanks for the question. As we mentioned in an earlier question, Olive Garden will always be a marketer because of their scale. The advantage that they have in their size, gives them the ability to spend money in marketing. And we'll continue to look at the time when equilibrium comes. We still have a lot of demand to come into our restaurants today. We have reduced our marketing spend overall. And as I said, as we increase - whenever we make that decision, I don't want to tell you when we would do that based on strategic implications. But whenever we would make that decision, we would ensure that that marketing is profitable, whether it's - when we compare to what we would do if we didn't have that marketing. So we have had a couple of hundred basis points of improvement in marketing spend. I would tell you that even if we increase our marketing dollars, we will still have some margin improvement or margin maintained with marketing. So don't assume that when we bring marketing back, it's going to basically reduce our margins by the amount that we bring it back.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Thanks for asking about LongHorn. Todd and his team have been on a journey for years. And that journey has been to invest in food quality. As we've mentioned before, we've improved all of our stakes. We've increased the size of our stakes. We've increased our portion sizes of our sides, and we've improved our execution of all of that food. And so yes, the state category has been helped by consumer demand, but we believe that we will continue to execute at this level and continue to grow LongHorn. I can't tell you what our comp will be in the future, but we're proud of what they've done over the years to continue to invest and make sure that they have the best product. They're number one in quality and casual dining, and they continue to do those things.
Rick Cardenas: David, thanks for the question. I just want to first say that I've been with Gene for his seven years as the CEO, partnering on developing our strategy. And I really think the strategy that we have is the right strategy. We've got our four competitive advantages. We're going to continue to invest in those advantages to make them stronger. We're a platform company that helps our brands succeed and driving back to basic operating philosophy. We are going to continue to improve our operations execution and continue to invest in our competitive advantages. I don't see a big change in our strategic priorities, partly because that was a big part of writing them. So it would be a little weird if I did change those. But we'll look and see as we go through our five-year plan process, which we just did last year. So there's not a whole lot for us to talk about right now.
Rick Cardenas: Hi, Jared, it's Rick. I'll comment on the other headwinds at Olive Garden, if it's never any possible with providing not much of a comment. We don't want to talk about the impact that never any possible had. We know it was a negative impact over the years, but the profitability wasn't as high as the guests that we're doing today. And so we decided to reduce the dependency on ever any possible this year because we didn't need to drive volume into our restaurants. As we think about why we had a better performance, even lapping the earning possible, as I said, it was productivity. We just got better at serving the gas when they came in the restaurant. Our To-Go business stayed strong, which is a very productive business for us. But as we look forward, we don't know if we'll bring and when we'll bring that possible never-any back because we have a never-ending abundance every day with our never-any first course.
Rick Cardenas: John, this is Rick. I'll just start by saying, I've been involved with some of these acquisitions, but our management team and Board regularly evaluate all of our alternatives. How do we allocate capital, how do we manage our business to achieve our long-term goals? And M&A is part of that. And we'll continue to act the same way we have over the last 10 years or 15 years since we bought rare.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Hi, Brian, this is Raj. I think as you alluded to, we have - we committed to the 200 to 250 at the beginning of the year, and we've shown through the two quarters now that we're adjusting our business model, adjusting our thinking on pricing based on where our business model is coming out. So as we look at our P&L, we continue to look at opportunities to manage costs better. And we are focused on doing some of that before we take pricing. But with that said, we preserved a lot of flexibility, and we have - and we are tapping into some of that. But we do believe we have more dry powder if needed. And I think the way we're thinking about it is really some of these excess sales are going to help offset some of this elevated inflation. The other piece I mentioned in my prepared remarks was that we're really focused on pricing to cover for the structural parts of it, and then trying to kind of weather through the short-term fluctuations. And - but we are committed to the margin growth.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Eric, I think when you think about Q3, it's historically has been a strong seasonal quarter, right? From - the volumes are higher. Our margins are really high. I mean if you go back to pre-COVID, I think we were in the 15-plus range for the third quarter when our annual was around 14%. So the point I think we're trying to make here is that, once you start approaching that 17-plus percent, it starts to get harder-and-harder. So that's really what we're trying to talk about is that, there was a lot more opportunity in Q2, because you're able to leverage that low volume period some of the fixed costs better, and it just gets harder-and-harder when you're at the high volume. The staffing is higher. We do staff - we want to staff - over staff, especially during peak periods, during the holidays, so that's part of that. But overall, 17-plus is - starts to get harder.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Look, clearly, in this environment with inflation, there are construction costs on the CapEx that are going up a little bit. But overall, CapEx levels given - while they are higher related - what we said was the high end of the guidance we had provided earlier, the efficiency of this capital spend is still very high. We're actually still - especially with the improvements we made at the unit level, the returns are really strong. So even with the elevated CapEx, we're getting stronger returns than we did before COVID.
Raj Vennam: David, let me just answer the first - the part about the on-premise traffic, and then I'll let Rick or Gene jump in on the other aspects of it. We are not seeing the level of decline you're talking about. We're not 20% down on on-premise. We are - when you look at on-premise overall across the system, we're probably in the single digits of decline. So that's - so I think that's different from what you're referring to the industry is, but we are - yeah, and LongHorn, actually on-premise is higher than pre-COVID. And so - and the overall Darden in the single-digits decline, but not double digits like you're alluding to.
Raj Vennam: Hi, Andrew, this is Raj. So on the commodities front, yes, we did see - the way we think about it is we're looking at what we have covered. And then based on our best estimate of where the costs are going to be, right? When you look at the cadence of some of the Q2 was around 9% commodity inflation. We expect Q3 to be a little bit north of 10%. And then I think by the time we get to Q4, because we're wrapping on elevated number two years ago or a year ago, that it's not going to be at size. So the way we are looking at it is really on a two-year basis, what does it look like? And I think if you're looking at it on a two-year basis, we're hovering around 10% to 11%, and that's where we expect Q4 to be - to land as well. And so that's why there's a big difference between Q3 and Q4. I mean, I guess at this point, on the unit growth front, we feel pretty - we still feel confident that we have a good shot at getting to the high end. There may be a few slips here and there, but we still think that 55% to 60% is a good number to think of. Obviously, a few - four or five could get pushed out. But at this point, we're still targeting that higher end.
Raj Vennam: Hi. Brian, we are not at that level. The level we're - I would say, we exited the quarter around 3-ish. And for the Q3, we expect to be in the mid-threes, and Q4 would be a little bit, north of - in the low-fourths.
Raj Vennam: Yes. But I would caution that Q3, again, is a high-volume quarter, so just be careful how you read into that. But yeah, it was a headwind in Q2. And it should help in Q3.
Gene Lee: Chris, it's Gene. Let me just jump in here. And I think about this, the commodity infrastructure pre-COVID was able to feed the world without a lot of inflation. And that's what the world getting richer. And so, I believe that the commodity infrastructure will get back to an equilibrium where we'll be able to produce the food needed to feed everyone. And I don't think there'll be a lot of inflation in that. I think where the inflation is going to come in, in commodities is going to be whatever labor impact there is to grow and deliver that food. And so, I think we still have 12 to 18 months to - for that to all work its way out. But there was something happening over the last decade where we weren't seeing a tremendous amount of inflation in food. And I think it had to do with technology and other aspects. And I think that all that global capabilities are still there. And so, I'd just end by saying what we don't know is - what - how much labor is involved in each product to grow and deliver and harvest, and so on and so forth? And what are the impacts the labor is going to have on the commodities. And so, I think we're in a wait and see - I don't know - I mean I think the end of your question was, we're going to get COGS back to historical levels. Yes, I think over time, it will take time, but I think these models will all drift back to the same what I would call prime cost model, we add labor and COGS.
Gene Lee: Yeah. John, I think where I'd start was, we basically said, we expect our average to be approximately $20 after this goes into effect. Now very few people in our company make minimum wage. This is what I would call an entry-level wage, and more rural America. And so - in the major cities, you're not hiring anybody for $12 an hour today. This is an increase in the guarantee to our workforce, will probably have more impact on Cheddar's than any of our other brands. And so starting wages or wage rates very, very, very much depending on geography and overall demand. We have people that - in our environment that make $25 to $28 an hour in the back of the house. And in some parts of the country, you're doing that same job for $18 an hour depending on the environment. And so I don't believe - in your macro question around this casual dining paying too little, I don't think that's true. I think casual dining is paying the appropriate rates in the marketplace based on supply and demand. And I think that - I think our teams are doing a very, very good job of looking at the overall situation and ensuring that we're paying probably a little bit more of the competitive wage in each market to ensure that our restaurants are fully staffed. And we're encouraged by Rick's comments that our restaurants today are better staff than they were last quarter and they're better staff in the quarter before. And we still have strong, strong retention rates. And I think that the way we think about it - I'll leave you with this, the way we think about it is that there may not be enough service workers to staff every restaurant in America, but there's enough service workers out there to staff Darden's restaurants, and that's what we're focused on.
Gene Lee: Peter, one of the things that I think that's most interesting is machine learning for forecasting, forecasts forecasting our business is - forecasting our restaurant business is one of the most important things that we do every single day. And we think there's some real upside in the machine learning around that, and our team has developed some pretty slick stuff. And I'm fairly excited about that potential. That turns into productivity. If you can predict your business correctly, then you can really increase your productivity at the store level.
Gene Lee: Yes. Hey, Chris, yes, let me start with the latter question, first. Yes, we do. So when you look at our overall pricing, I'd say you almost you can assume that Olive Garden and Cheddar's are going to be below the Darden level of pricing and all other brands are going to be higher. Obviously, the spectrum being the fine dining will probably have the highest pricing. As far as the guest reactions, obviously, we track this over time. One of the things we noticed - one of the key factors is how much do you price relative to CPI. And I think as we look at how we have been pricing we've been pricing a lot below that. That helps - that gives us a lot more comfort in the fact that the elasticity - we're not hitting that portion of that curve that's actually more elastic. So at this point, the level of pricing we have is significantly below CPI, which means it's fairly inelastic impact.
Gene Lee: Yes. I would - that's a pretty simple answer, no. We haven't seen any change in behaviors in the regional. It's real early in this - what seems to be this next wave. I mean I think if you study the New York Times map, you could see this surge heading towards New England for a few weeks now. And so that's been a part of the country that's been most sensitive into, maybe what I would call, overreacting. So - but we'll see. I mean we - as of today, we haven't seen any big change I would just say that there's significant COVID fatigue out there, and it's going to take a lot to modify a certain percentage of the population's behavior. There's a certain percentage of the population that is going to react to this, but there's a certain set of it that's just going to continue on. All you got to do is look at stadiums and concert halls to see who those people are.
Gene Lee: Yes. Jeff, it's Gene. As Rick alluded to earlier and stated that we believe that this off-premise is stickier than what we originally thought. And Rick gave you guys credit, you guys were right. We were wrong on that. We don't get to say that often. But it seems as though that the technology that we've created and the friction we've taken out that experience and our ability to deliver a quality experience has made this a lot stickier. And we don't know - we can keep wanting to going back to equilibrium. We haven't got to equilibrium. We're not close to equilibrium yet. So we don't know what the long-term run rate is going to be off-prem and on-prem. I mean, I would say that when we look at on-prem, there's still some regional differences based on how people think about COVID. I think when I look at on-prem, I think staffing continues to be an issue. It's getting better and better. I also think that throughput - when we look at our sales, during the week, we're a lot stronger on a comparable basis, Monday through Thursday than we are on the weekend. And we think some of that has to do with one staffing to the productivity of the people working in the restaurants, and that we believe that as they become more proficient and develop more repetitions over time that we'll actually have some more throughput through - on the weekend, where we know we have excess demand right now. We have a lot of restaurants in our system that are doing more guests in the restaurant today on-prem than they were pre-COVID. We still have pockets where we're struggling a little bit. And so I think that that's the real opportunity. As I look at the opportunities as we move forward, we've got - in full service done, we've got 11 - or overall dine-in, we got 11% less restaurants to service what we believe is going to be aggregate demand that's going to end up being as strong or greater than pre-COVID. And if we do what we've been doing all the way through this, investing in our product, investing in our people, we're going to capture our market share.
Gene Lee: Yes, Jeff, I think we - obviously, we probably struggle most in our lower-end brands where your check average isn't as high, and your business models don't afford you some of the luxuries that our other business models afford from a pay structure standpoint and you got the - basically the lower check average yield you a lower tip in aggregate. So those businesses struggle a little bit more. They also tend to be high-volume businesses, so you're running through a lot more guests through those businesses. And so, I think that, I think there's been a couple of things contributing to improved labor in the restaurant industry, obviously, getting away from the subsidies and unemployment I think people getting more confidence that they can enter back into the workforce. I think that childcare probably still the biggest barrier today for people getting back into the workforce. But I think things are better than they were 90 days ago and they were a lot in they were 180 days ago.
Gene Lee: Yes. The consumer has never been healthier, right? I mean, you look at all the statistics out there, when you look at the personal balance sheets and where the consumer is at, I think they're learning. I think they’re learning how to manage through the inflation. And I would expect - and as we transition to calendar 2022, I would expect the consumer behavior to continue to be strong. It's just that, there's a lot of talk about inflation. And inflation has been a horrible thing to the lower-end consumer. But when you really think about - if you look at the share of wallet when you think about gasoline, it's still historically low, even at current prices. And so I think people are making choices. I do believe that we're still transitioning this experiential economy, and I think people want experiences after 18 months of not having experiences. And I think going out to eat is an experience that people want to have more regularly than they've had over the past two years. And so, I feel really good about where the consumer is.
Gene Lee: Yes. Two parts to that answer. Number one, we think that we can push Capital Grille in suburban areas a little bit further than what maybe we have thought in the past. We've had some recent openings that give us confidence that there are additional trade areas, in which we can compete with that brand and get a great return on our investment. And then secondarily, the real opportunity is, can we take [Eddie V's] and get it to mirror Capital Grille and get to the same size company. We are thrilled with our - what we refer to as our COVID Eddie V's for the Eddie V's that we've opened during COVID. They've all gone to the market very well, and accepted very well. Our business model is really strong and getting stronger. And there's no reason why we can't get that from the high 20s into the low 60s and do that very profitably. Now again, that's a three to 40 a year. You've got to wait for the right sites, but we're just - we're thrilled. And for those who - anybody that travels to Nashville, please go visit our new Nashville Eddie V's. It's just a spectacular, spectacular venue and doing extremely well. So we're confident that Fine Dining will still continue to be a big contributor to what we're doing. And the margin structure - we just have a lot more flexibility in that business to deal with some of this inflation that we don't have in our casual brands.
Gene Lee: Yes. Hi, Jared, on the coverage on beef, I think, really, the way we're thinking about it is, at this point, the forward premium is too much. And there's really - this is really purposeful. We feel like there's opportunity to be more short and not be long given where the levels are. To the extent there is risk, I mean, I think what we've shown - I think we've demonstrated over the last two quarters that if inflation ends up being higher, we'll be - our teams are agile will react, we'll adjust accordingly. But we have a pretty good line of sight into what we think the costs are going to be, and that's where we're sitting here, but could this change. Yes, but we'll adjust, and we'll still get to the commitments we made.
Gene Lee: Yes. And John, I'll just jump in and just say that, we are thrilled with our current portfolio today with the business model enhancements that we've made to these businesses. We do not need to do something to achieve our long-term framework. And we believe that, we'll - I believe, I won't - probably I won't be driving it, but I believe that we'll continue to be opportunistic if the timing is right. But at the end of the day, we love our portfolio of brands today, of market share as we move forward.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think we're still experiencing the business travel at the level of pre-COVID. But we are - as you've seen from our results, we're experiencing some fairly really strong sales, I would just say - I would tell you that our holiday bookings are very strong. The demand for private dining is very strong. I would say it's smaller groups than larger groups. But overall, the demand for Fine Dining experiences, holiday celebrations is strong. And I would expect it to be strong throughout. And so, I think that business is going to be a very interesting business. As business travel returns, I think that a lot of people have really enjoyed the experiential part of Fine Dining, and it's something that we're not going to give up easily as we move forward. So, I love the business. I think we've really positioned those well, and I think they'll continue to do well.
