Rick Cardenas: Thanks, Raj. All of us at Darden continue to work together in pursuit of our higher purpose to nourish and delight everyone we serve, our guests, team members, and communities. During the year, we had the privilege of serving 420 million guests, more than 1 million per day, providing great food and drinks with attentive service in an engaging atmosphere. We also promoted 1,100 hourly team members into our manager and training program and promoted nearly 300 managers to general manager or managing partner positions. And we continue to invest in our team members with programs like Fast Fluency, which provides the opportunity to learn English for free, and our next course scholarship program that, through the Darden Foundation, has awarded 200 scholarships worth $3,000 each over the past two years to children of our team members. We also remain committed to nourishing and delighting the communities we serve through our ongoing efforts to fight hunger. As part of our Harvest Food Donation Program, our restaurants donated 4.5 million meals to local food banks in fiscal 2024. We also continued our successful partnership with Feeding America with another $2 million donation from the Darden Foundation that helped provide mobile food trucks to 10 more Feeding America food banks, bringing the total to 45 trucks provided over the last four years. To wrap up, I want to thank our team members in our restaurants and our support center for their outstanding efforts throughout the year. Their disciplined approach in executing our strategy is what enables us to succeed, regardless of the operating environment. Now I will take your questions.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Lauren. In regards to marketing, we've said in the past that we'd probably tick it up a couple of tenths a year and that's probably what we'll do in fiscal ‘25. But we're going to continue to focus in our marketing efforts on our filters, which we've talked about many times. And we're not going to do things to buy sales, even with the increasing discounting our competitors are doing. You know, our best way to drive sales is our focus on a back to basics operating philosophy and our guests telling others what a great value they have when they come to our restaurants. And just remember, we do have levers to pull. We do have more marketing to pull if we want to, but our focus is on profitable sales growth.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Lauren. It is mostly at the income -- at the consumer below the median household income, which is about $75,000. Consumers are generally concerned about inflation, and they're becoming more concerned about the job market. And what we're seeing are some behavior shifts that we had already started to see. So for Q4, transactions from households below -- with incomes below the median were lower than last year. So -- and that's more pronounced with consumers below $50,000 in income. And these impacts were even greater in our fine dining brands. So that's why you saw fine dining had a little bit more negative comp than others. But at the same time, our guests aren't managing their check like we've seen in prior quarters. And so, you know, we continue to tell you what this means for our brands. Operators that deliver their brand promise and value will continue to appeal to consumers despite economic challenges, and that's what we're focused on doing. We're focusing on giving the consumers that are coming to our restaurants and spending their hard-earned money a great value and a great experience and have them tell others to come back.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Andrew. Yes to all. Now, remember, Raj said we did exceed industry benchmarks. Olive Garden has taken much lower pricing than Darden over the year and the industries over the years. And we're really proud of their team. We're really proud of Dan and the team and what they've done. You know, they're going to continue to focus their marketing on their key equity of never-ending, craveable, abundant Italian food, specifically focusing on ensuring every guest is offered a refill with their first course. That's something that's not provided in other competitors. So that refill is a pretty big part of what we do and a big part of their value equation. But we're also going to continue to innovate over in our menu. What you see right now on television if you haven't is our Create Your Own pasta at $12.99. You know, consumers in more challenging times are looking for more price certainty, and that is an amazing value to create your own pasta at $12.99 with unlimited first course. And we'll continue to focus our marketing efforts there. And we have digital marketing that we can pull as well. So without getting into all the details, we do have levers to pull, but I want to remind everybody we're focused on profitable sales growth, not just buying sales to show a top line number. And we've been very consistent over the years with that. That profitable sales growth is what matters and Raj talked about our EBITDA growth over the last five years, how strong it was. And so we'll continue to focus there.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, let me start by saying the franchisees at Ruth's Chris are really valued partners to us. And our focus was on integrating our company on restaurants into Darden. You know, this one restaurant franchise was an opportunistic purchase. So, you know, we're going to continue as is and speak with our franchisees if they want to speak with us, but right now we're going to continue to focus on making sure our team gets acclimated to the systems that we've implemented. And so it's not necessarily a change in strategy. It was an opportunistic purchase for us.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, David and that's exactly what we're doing right now. You know, on TV right now, we've got our Create Your Own Pasta at $12.99 with the price point on the television. And, you know, we do believe that Olive Garden has a great everyday value. And so what we -- the things that we can do to continue to highlight that versus discounting is what we'll continue to do.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Jim, The consumer is really focused on what price they're paying in everywhere, not just in restaurants. And if you think about the cost that they have on the non-discretionary costs, they've been growing faster than wages for quite a few years, and that eats into discretionary spending. So if inflation in the non-discretionary gets better, that may give them a little bit more discretionary. And if you're considering food at the grocery store or food a non-discretionary, then yes, that should help. But we'd like to see some lower inflation in things like things that people have to buy. Rent, utilities, child care, all of those things would help on the non-discretionary side, help discretionary spend.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Sara. This is Rick. When we acquired Ruth's, we think about an acquisition over a long, long period of time. We're not as worried about the next quarter or the quarter after the acquisition. Now, would we have liked the consumer at the below-median income to continue to go to fine dining? Absolutely, but any time we make an acquisition, there could be a chance that it's because we're going into a slowdown and maybe there's a little bit of a better opportunity for price discovery there. So, I would never read into when we make an acquisition into a certain category or not. Remember, we have criteria for our M&A and Ruth's met every one of that criteria, and we were able to agree on our price. So that's why it happened at the time it happened. And generally, that's when any of our M&A will happen, as long as we find the brands that meet the criteria and we get price discovery and we agree on a price and we'll do that deal, we're not worried about the environment that we're going into or that we're coming out of because these are long, long-term investments for us.
Rick Cardenas: Sure, Jeff. I'm not going to talk about the trends into fiscal ‘25 where we are. And I think Raj had mentioned that the quarterly -- fourth quarter, we were pretty consistent month-over-month, month to month to month. So -- but I will say for Olive Garden, in prior slowdowns, Olive Garden outperformed. They outperformed at the same restaurant sales and at that time they were taking more pricing than everybody else. We outperformed this quarter in traffic and we've continued to outperform the industry in traffic for the last many years and we only took 1% pricing. What I would tell you is that if we would have taken the pricing that the industry took in the third quarter or in the fourth quarter, I'm sorry, Olive Garden would have been positive and would have performed even more. And so this is a long game for us. The other thing that we aren't -- that we're not pulling are things that everybody or not everybody, but people used to pull in slowdowns, couponing, deep discounting and all those other things and we're not doing that even at a time that our competitors have ramped up discounting, deep discounting on television and, you know, Olive Garden still outperformed in traffic, didn't outperform in comp sales, but as I said, we only took 1% pricing. And so we're really, really proud of that and we'll continue to do that. And maybe that's why we didn't outperform on the sales side, but we did continue to outperform on the traffic side. And I just want to say their gap in fiscal Q4 was 60 basis points in traffic, and their two-year gap is 530 basis points in traffic. So we feel pretty good with where they are.
Rick Cardenas: Well, there may be interaction trade down to at-home because of the median income consumer, it's not necessarily the Italian. But I can tell you where we compete in the full service base, Olive Garden was at 75th percentile in their traffic. So -- and again, when you're comparing how they're doing in full service. And then we're putting in this at-home, everybody is dealing with the at-home as well, not just Italian. And then finally, the competitors had ramped up very deep discounting and while we had -- we didn't see that actually impacting Olive Garden or our other brands, because the trends kind of stayed similar. What we did see, interestingly, is a little bit of a shift from QSR to some of those competitors. And so that might be where they're trying to take some share from. But we did see that and that lifted the industry index in some of those -- and maybe one of those competitors, which is a big part of the index. So there's a little bit of a nuance in how the index works, especially when you're taking share from another category -- another part of the index.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Dennis. I will -- let me start by saying that the new restaurant projection we have for next year is within our long-term framework. So while it's lower than we like it to be, it's still within our long-term framework. And recall, the new restaurants also include M&A. So we bought about 80 restaurants from Ruth’s Chris that were part of last year. Now that's not impacting this year, but it is part of our framework construction costs are still quite a bit higher than they were before COVID, but the levels are normalizing more and it's still taking a little longer to get construction starts. We're just trying to figure out ways to improve our process to potentially get starts moving a little bit faster. And maybe there is some things that we can do to help municipalities with kind of working on permitting and other things, But we feel pretty good about our pipeline for next year. We'd like to see it higher for the years after, but we're not going to just build restaurants and put a number out there that we don't think that we can hit, and we feel pretty good about where we are. And again, Raj showed you where we were for the last five years in our new unit growth. It was almost 3%. It was 2.9%, which is at the high-end of our framework. So we don't necessarily think year-to-year, we think long-term.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Dennis, I think my perspective is -- we like what we're doing better, right? We don't think that we think that everyday low value and continue to focus on our core equities is more sustainable than deep discounting to try to drive people in. Others can do that, and we'll continue to play this long game. And over time, you have to keep wrapping on that. If you do a deep discount and it stays the same way, you have to do even more the next year, you have to do more television. And we just think we'd rather do more great food, more great service, and let's wrap that. And so again, I can't comment on what other people think is sustainable or not. We just think our business, the way we do it is more sustainable.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, John. For several years, we've been building our internal digital media capabilities, and we've done -- Olive Garden is the only one on television. Everybody else does spend marketing and it's in digital. And we've been testing things like connected television. We've been testing other things to help drive our traffic. And because we've been testing this allows us to kind of move them into other brands to see how they work. We do a lot of test and learn -- and so we don't expect our media to grow significantly year-over-year because we think we're more efficient with the tests that we do. And so as we continue to do that, we know what the right times to put messages out there. We know what days and we knew all those things. So we're not necessarily going to think about ramping up a communication of a certain day part unless the brand thinks it's the right thing to do. And so they might -- we might see some brands talk about a certain day part or not. But we are using our digital that we've learned over the years and we have an internal team here that's great at what they do and we'll continue to focus on that.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Chris, I think not just at Olive Garden, but all our brands can do more to improve throughput in our peak periods. We can get a little bit quicker in what we do to make sure that the guest doesn't feel rush, but they don't feel like they're waiting for a lot of things. So we do think that there's opportunities and not just at Olive Garden, and if we can do that better, we should get some -- at least some traffic in that day if people were walking away. But in the long run, getting a little bit quicker, maybe better for us any day, not just on the peak periods.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Danilo, as I said in the prepared remarks, these changes help set us up for future growth and developing our leaders. So if you think about Todd and John elevating their roles a little bit, Todd leading development, international and franchising and Ruth's Chris. And those all have really good synergies for Todd, right? So development in new restaurants, that's for all brands but international franchising with the percent of restaurants that Ruth's Chris has his franchise, it's actually a pretty good synergy there. Plus, as I said, Todd, came with -- came to us from rare hospitality when we bought them. So he knows what it's like after the systems integration and how to help people assimilate more. And he'll help Rick, who's our new President, become a great President. And then finally, as I mentioned, having an operator’s perspective and new restaurant development, I think, is a pretty good thing to do. We think about how to do the turnovers better how to get -- make sure we are more planful in telling the brands when we think the restaurant is going to open. So there aren't moves and delays, so we can get those a little bit better. So that's really where Todd comes into play. And then on John's side, if you think about the specialty restaurant group with five brands and John leading all five, that was a lot. And so how do we help bring him up and bring the new president underneath John, who are all proven leaders and all have a good future here with us, while John can help them become even better brand presidents. A couple of them -- one of them is a former finance person, but he's got a great operations knowledge, and he actually was a restaurant manager many, many years ago. But John can help Mark become a better general manager and think more about operations. You've got Falon Farrell, who's now going to be leading Capital Grille and Eddie V's. Actually, Falon started at Capital Grille as a team member, and she worked at Capital Grille for many years. And then she led training for Capital Grille, and Eddie V’s. And now she -- then she led Eddie V’s for quite a while in operation. So she can see how do we bring some synergies in the support center for Capital Grille and Eddie V’s to help leverage those brands better, but while working for John who can continue to develop her for the future. And then I think about Bryan Clements. Bryan, his history, he started a big bar brands years ago. He spent many years at LongHorn to understand how LongHorn and a simple operating model works and he spent time at Olive Garden, leading Olive Garden operations, and that's a big system. And how do you think about a big system when you've got Yard House who's passing 80 restaurants, and we want to continue to grow them, and he can help with more system thinking at Yard House. So we think it's a really great move for all of them. And Laura, I didn't mention Laura is a great leader here at Darden. And she spent nine years at LongHorn. She really knows LongHorn. And she's got a great relationship with Todd. She'll be able to continue to talk to Todd and the team at LongHorn has rallied around her. So our reasoning behind that is to get people ready, while other people are basically retirement eligible. And so we want to make sure that they're here to help them progress. And you know what our retirement programs are not saying that anybody is leaving anytime soon, but this gives them a chance to develop people while they're still around.
Rick Cardenas: Hey Jake, this is Rick. I'm going to start on the fact act with saying that our employment proposition is great in California. So we've got a great one there. On average, our team members earn well over $20 an hour. And California only represents about 5% of our restaurants. So it's not like it's an over-index for us. We haven't seen a real impact in wages. And since the FAST Act came about, but unfortunately, we have seen many closures of fast food restaurants in that time. And so our California performance for the quarter was still not as strong as the company, as you said. But as Raj said, we did see some softness in California, but I think that was more related to some weather there than anything else. But again, we haven't seen a whole lot of change in our wages. Our employment proposition is great in California. But we have seen some fast food restaurants, unfortunately, have to close because of the act.
Raj Vennam: Hey, Brian, this is Raj. Good morning. So let's just start with the guidance at a high level from a sales outlook, right? Before we get into the brand level. So when we take a look at the upcoming year, we look at the information that's out there and where the macro is expected to be. And as you all know, most economists are expecting weakening GDP growth. So that's taken into consideration. Then we're also taking into consideration what we're cycling through, right? We started to see a little bit more weakness in the back half of this fiscal year, so we're taking that into consideration as we look at next year. So when we look at how we built this estimate and guidance, we are -- we expect underlying traffic trends to gradually improve throughout the year. And so that's really how we built it. I don't want to get into the exact details on the brands, but at a blended level, we're thinking 1% to 2% same restaurant sales growth for the full-year. And as I said, gradual improvement through the year on the underlying trends. And then there's just one callout is Thanksgiving shifts out of Q2 into Q3. So Q2 print might look better than the underlying trends, and Q3 will be the opposite. So that's typically about somewhere around 80 to 100 basis points impact on sales in the quarter. Positive for Q2, negative for Q3. And so all that said, in this current environment, there's more variability around our sales guide, but we have higher levels of confidence in our earnings outlook. And so, that's kind of where we are.
Raj Vennam: Yes, Brian, the good news on pricing is we've actually kept pricing very modest over the last five years, right? So we do expect pricing for this year to be more in line with inflation, so in that 2.5% to 3% range probably. But as we think about how that's going to be spread, we expect it to be more consistent quarter-to-quarter. Now, there may be a 10, 20 basis points movement between quarters. But if you look at over the last five years, we've only priced a lot and that gives us some flexibility and we've talked about that before. So we've underpriced about 20% over the last five years, compared to where the overall CPI is, which I think was close to 23% on the same five-year basis and then full services at 28%. And underpriced grocery as well. So we feel like we've done a lot of work on keeping prices low and we're going to continue to do that. And as you saw that in the fourth quarter too. We talked about Olive Garden closer to 1% pricing in the fourth quarter.
Raj Vennam: Hey, Eric. So yes, we did. So if you think back to what we said earlier in the fiscal year, we were seeing a big negative mix on the check and we talked about that, especially both at casual brands and fine dining. And last quarter we said we started to see some moderation. And as we look at this year, this quarter, if we look at Olive Garden and LongHorn, basically the mix was flat. So basically there was no negative mix at all, which is a significant improvement. And then when you look at fine dining, you know, we saw some moderation in Q3 and that continues to moderate into Q4. I think we're now down into the 80, 90 basis points range in the negative mix versus the 200 or so that we were seeing a couple quarters ago. So we're just starting to see the ones that come to us are not managing the check as much as they used to.
Raj Vennam: Eric, the way we are looking at it is most brands are going to be within the range we provide it. We are providing a 1% to 2%. I'm not going to get into the comments about the range between Olive Garden and LongHorn specifically, but when we look at 1% to 2%, we expect most brands to be in that range. And obviously Olive Garden being over 50% of the portfolio, they'll have -- they weigh the Darden average too. And if you look back at last year, fiscal ‘24, we delivered 1.6% in same restaurant sales for Darden, and Olive Garden was right on top at 1.6%. So we'll see how this plays out, but we don't want to comment on Olive Garden versus LongHorn specifically.
Raj Vennam: David, it's primarily driven by the comparables, but the underlying trends have held up pretty well. I mean, even if you look at our fourth quarter that we just came off, month-to-month underlying trends were actually held up pretty steady, and it was an improvement from Q3. And you know, we talked about what we're seeing on the check side, that's also a positive sign. So we think there is, you know, just as we cycle through some of the weakness, that should help us gradually get better through the year.
Raj Vennam: Yes, Jim. So this is Raj. So on the food basket, we're basically assuming commodities to be around 2%. I think the biggest driver within the food basket is beef. We still expect beef to be in the mid-single-digits. And then we actually expect low-single-digit deflation in chicken. And then pretty much all other categories are probably going to be in that low-single-digit inflation. And so that's how we're getting to commodities being around 2%. From a labor perspective, we are actually expecting labor to be more like a 4% overall. So if you think about where we've been and what the hourly wage inflation is expected to be closer to 4% and then total labor to be around 4%. So those are the two big things. And then from all other restaurant expenses are probably going to be more in that 2.5% to 3%. And that's how we're getting to that overall being closer to 3%.
Raj Vennam: Yes, Sara. Good morning. So when we look at the fourth quarter, yes, our pricing was across Darden was below inflation. I think our pricing was closer to 2.5, inflation was around 3. So there is a board. I think the delta was almost 70 basis points. But that, again, goes back to the testament of our teams and our ability to manage through different cycles, right, through different environments. We've talked about how in a slow growth environment, we should see costs get better, but also we should see our own -- the controllables be even more -- come in even better. So ultimately, it's just a testament to our teams, how well they manage the business, with the focus on getting to the returns we need to get for the business.
Raj Vennam: Hey, Jeff. So I don't want to get into the exact details, but let me say a high level and talk about how we think about philosophically, right? If the environment is such that the sales continue to be weaker, that also implies the demand is weaker and the inflation should be a little bit better. So let's start with that. And in fact, if you look at last year, that was part of the reason we were able to exceed the earnings guidance even with the sales off. That's not all of it, but that's partial. The other part of it is how we manage through the -- through how our teams manage through the cycle. So as I said earlier, our restaurant teams and our teams at the support center work very hard to kind of, you know, have these targets and we work towards them and we're always trying to get better. And there's just even more push on that when things are a little bit softer on the top line. So that's kind of how I talk about it. I don't want to get into the specifics because, you know, this is a big business. It's very complex. There are a lot of nuances. There's a lot of -- but there's a lot that goes in to get to where we need to get to. And we feel, I think if you just look back, it shows that we have the ability to get there to a different base.
Raj Vennam: Hey Peter. Yes, just to start, that was specifically at Olive Garden and LongHorn. And so when we look at -- and it's different for both brands. So when you look at LongHorn the mix was driven by some add-ons, increased add-ons. They had a great -- they also had a new Lamb Entree that actually was that did really well. There was parmesan crusting, people wanted to get more of that. So there were things like that were helpful with the mix. What we -- alcohol is kind of fairly stabilized. So it's not necessarily a headwind anymore. And so that's probably helping but when you look at Olive Garden, the same thing where people are not -- we're not seeing as much trade down within the -- whether it's the entree trade down or not getting add-ons. So just in general, more stabilization and so maybe this is -- the guest that's coming in today is not managing the check as much. And so that's different from maybe some of the guests that were coming in earlier in the fiscal year.
Raj Vennam: Yes, I think it's fair to assume that our check is probably going to be in that range of 2.5% to 3%. So you can back into the implied traffic. So we do expect the mix to be fairly flat.
Raj Vennam: You did not miss it. We haven't talked about it. The G&A for this year, we should be closer to $450 million for fiscal '21, it should be closer to $450 million. And I think that's going to be spread fairly evenly from second to the fourth quarter, with the first quarter to be $20 million higher than those three quarters. It's just typical that we have a little bit more in the first half.
Raj Vennam: Hi, John, so if you look at the drivers this year, we talked about improved productivity. That was -- a part of that was also driven by lower turnover. And so there may be a few quarters where we'll still get a little bit of that benefit, but as we look to next year, I would expect -- we would expect COGS to be better because commodities inflation is likely going to be, as I said, closer to that 2% and then pricing being a little bit more, you should get some leverage on that line. We do expect to continue to look at other OpEx, right? That's one of the things non-guest-facing cost is where we spend a lot of time looking at how do we continue to get better. And that's the power of the platform. That's the power of having this big multiple brands and being able to learn from each other. And the last piece is, there is some continuing synergies from Ruth's acquisition that we talked about. We got about half this year. We're going to get the rest next year. So those are all different drivers of how we get that margin growth.
Raj Vennam: No, Chris, I think it's actually just kind of normalizing what they should have been, right? Last year, I think we had a little too high margin. I mean, to be 22.8% segment profit margin is industry leading. I mean that's just -- that's just really high. That would be aspirational for a lot of brands in this industry. So to be able to get to those levels. And frankly, it goes back to the -- our decision to not price as much, right? And we had talked about it last year. We didn't think 23.5% segment profit was the right number. That was a little too high. And so it's really giving back a little bit of that. But we don't expect that to be like a -- as we look -- move forward, we don't expect that to be a drag going forward. It's just more of -- there were some things that needed to be normalized.
Raj Vennam: Hey Danilo, I think the flow-through from the marginal dollar is not that different. It is actually fairly similar. It's just there are other things that are more non-variable costs that we're also looking at. So it's not -- that's how we're getting to that. But from a high level, if you look at across the portfolio, somewhere around 35% to 40% is probably the right flow-through to think about it. And I don't think that's any different from where we were before in 2019.
Raj Vennam: Yes, Brian, the blended -- let me start with the later question first. Yes, the blended in the 2.5% to 3%. We have taken some pricing -- we are -- yes, typically, we take some in June, so there's some pricing. So you should start to see some of that in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, our total check growth was 2.2% at Darden level, I think Olive Garden was more like a one-third, and LongHorn was probably in the 3-ish percent, LongHorn has positive traffic. The traffic growth, I think, in the quarter was 0.8%. So in the total SRS is 4%, so the check growth was at on 3.2%.
Raj Vennam: I'm sorry, I was on mute. If you look at Olive Garden's pricing for the year, fiscal year, they were actually close to mid-3s. And so that's pretty consistent, not all the way to where Darden blended was 4. So they're about 50 or 70, 80 basis points below Darden. As we think about next year, they're not going to -- we would expect them to be maybe in the 30, 40 basis points range of where Darden might end up. So I don't expect this to be as big of a gap. But we're still -- we're not talking about huge pricing actions, right? We talked about -- there is always some timing of the quarter-to-quarter. But on the year, if we think 2.5% to 3%, Olive Garden is probably closer to 2.5%
Raj Vennam: So Jake, I'll go back to the pricing actions, some of this is timing of when you take actions. Every year, there's a little bit of pricing action, right? And this year, or in fiscal '24, we did not have any pricing action until pretty late into maybe Q4, middle of Q4. So that's just already there. It's not a lot of pricing on top. Some of that is also moving to years, right, some restaurants in different markets as things change with the environment and minimum wage, we make some adjustments. But nothing crazy. If you look at -- I mentioned earlier and in response to a different question, we have taken a lot less pricing at Olive Garden. So we're not worried about where they are. I mean if you look at over the five years, cumulatively, their CAGR is probably more in the 3.5% range when the industry is closer to 5% plus. So we feel like there's a better -- great value proposition at Olive Garden, and we try to keep prices as low as we can, and you've seen that.
Raj Vennam: Andrew, let's start with the question around the incomes. We are seeing the higher income being a little bit better, and it varies from brand to brand. And as you can imagine, when you think about a brand that grew traffic for LongHorn, for example, they actually had growth pretty much across all income segments. But from a fine dining perspective, you're seeing growth at the higher end I wouldn't say that's just the median household. It actually has to go up north of 150 to see where we're seeing some growth. And then the pullback is mostly at the lower -- at the below middle median household income. And then the other segments are -- other income groups or cohorts are either stable or growing. And then on the balance sheet, we always work with our Board to figure out what's the best way to kind of really position ourselves. We like the flexibility we have -- and as we've always said, we want to use our balance sheet to get productive assets over time. And so that's still -- the philosophy remains the same.
