Raj Vennam: Hey, Andrew. Thanks for the question. So let's start with the guidance, right? So as you think about our first quarter performance that was actually from a top line perspective, it was pretty consistent with our plan. We were within 10 basis points of our same restaurant plan we had. So the year from a top line is playing out the way we expected. So as far as -- and so that's really the trust behind how -- why we're not changing the guidance for the year. And now look, we're one quarter in, there's a lot of uncertainty out there. There's three quarters to go, and we had a range to begin with. And while we outperformed our expectations on the bottom line, we feel like it gives us a little bit of a head start, but it still puts – the point estimate is still within the range we provided at the beginning of the year.
Raj Vennam: Yeah, Brian. So if you think about our inflation expectation for the first quarter, we were about 1 point better than we thought, mostly driven by, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, other categories. The beef is still a lot of uncertainty around beef and you saw from our coverage that we don't have a lot of coverage beyond, especially, as we get into the holidays and past. So there is some uncertainty around it. Now that favorability in the first quarter helps us a little bit. So what that might mean is that we might be a little bit lower in that guidance range we provided of approximately 2.5%. So maybe it's a little bit south of that. But there's three more quarters to go, and beef is really -- I mean, there's a lot of risk with beef, so...
Raj Vennam: Look, I think it's -- I don't -- we don't expect a huge quarter-to-quarter sequential change. Obviously, we are relaunching now running possible that does help and that's part of the reason why we do it in the second quarter is with the back-to-school and there's a little bit of a lull and a slowdown in the casual dining and that's really the time frame. And basically, that's within our range. I mean, I think as we look at last year to this year, there's going to be some nuances with respect to pricing being a little bit lower this -- as we get into the second quarter than first quarter. But I don't want to contemplate exactly what it's going to look quarter-to-quarter.
Raj Vennam: Yeah. So route synergies, generally, where we're getting them is between both the entire supply chain as well as in the G&A, right? So we initially started with an estimate as we go through the year, we're finding that as we are now in the process, we've been able to identify more, and it's in both places. So from an investment perspective, we have a long history of investing in the guest and team member experience across our brands. And so we're investing some of these additional synergies and cost savings in a similar manner, with investments that the routes guests and team members will notice and appreciate.
Raj Vennam: Yeah. Sure. Yeah. As we've mentioned a couple of things, right. G&A was higher than we expected for the first quarter. Part of that was driven by our outperformance on the bottom line. I mentioned earlier that while sales were more in line, we did outperform on the bottom line that helped that cost a little bit more incentive comp. And then stock-based comp, that is truly a onetime. I mean that's more of a timing, but it's pulling forward some from future years, right? But as we look at the full year, G&A is likely to be a little bit higher than what we talked about last quarter. So I think last quarter, we talked about closer to $430 million. I would say, at this point, it’s probably closer to $440 million on the year.
Raj Vennam: And David, on the returns, we are -- our returns are still pretty strong. We are -- any project we approve has to be net present value accretive to us. And as Rick mentioned, we generally like to have a little bit of headroom within our margin of error as we approve projects. Maybe that buffer is not as high as it used to be. But when we look at actual performance on average, we exceed our internal hurdles by quite a bit.
Raj Vennam: Yeah, David. I think it's a fair question. But we're just one quarter in, right? So there's nine months to go. There's been mixed data on the consumer. We're trying to understand what's going to happen. And so we felt like it was too early to really come off of the range we provided. As I said earlier, our point estimate from the beginning of the year to now has moved up a little bit. I mean that's because of our performance in the first quarter, but that doesn't mean we're outside the range. So we didn't feel like we're at a place where we needed to change the guidance range. And there's -- so to your question around uncertainty, there are a few things. Primary biggest risk is obviously on the consumer, what happens with the consumer. Second is on the commodities. We're trying to understand what's going to happen, especially with beef, 22% of our basket is beef. So there's some risk there. Now the pricing in beef has remained pretty high because of the supply being down in the mid-single digits. We're starting to see some additional imports that might help on the beef front, but it's too early. So I guess all things considered at this point, we felt like it was prudent to stay with the guidance we provided.
Raj Vennam: Yeah, Josh. I think from a geography perspective, we're seeing more strength in New England, Northeast, we're seeing some softness or at least below company average in California, Texas and Florida when we look at the entire portfolio. Now brand by brand, there's a little bit of variability. But when you look at across our portfolio, that's the areas where we're seeing in terms of regional differences. Most others are kind of in between, and so kind of closer to the company average, if you will. But definitely seeing strength in the Northeast and especially New England area overall. From a daypart perspective, we are seeing some lunch getting better at casual brands. And so that's really it. Outside of that, I don't know that there's any additional color we can provide on the sales detail.
Raj Vennam: Okay. So let me -- yeah, you're right on the year over. It's really driven by a function of last year on the softness I'm talking about in those markets or the strength because last year, they were in a different place. So that's a one year -- truly a one-year thing, and then I'll let Rick comment on the marketing.
Raj Vennam: Yeah, Dennis. Our off-premise has gone quite a bit from where we were before COVID. So from a traffic perspective, yeah, we're probably in that 80% range in terms of traffic relative to pre-COVID at our largest brand in Olive Garden. But from a sales perspective, we're probably closer to where we were before COVID. Now with that said, but part of that is, as we talked about, we made a conscious decision to pull back a lot on promotional activity, couponing and marketing dollars that we spend at Olive Garden. So we're a healthier business. And so we like where we are. From the -- but also -- it also gives us opportunity, right? There is capacity in the dining room, which provides us more opportunity, but we're going to go at it in a way that's durable. That is actually not a one-time get people in the door, but we want to build it over time. That's why we're so focused on core menu, everyday value and executing at the highest levels we can so that we can slowly build back.
Raj Vennam: Well, I would say, our traffic was actually a little bit better than we thought going into the quarter, but our mix was a little bit worse. So what we're seeing is from a check perspective at Olive Garden and LongHorn, a little bit of pullback in alcohol sales and some entree mix -- negative entree mix. But that's really what I can share at this point.
Raj Vennam: So Danilo, let me start with saying where we are from a pricing standpoint. Our overall pricing in the quarter was about 6%, as we said. We expect the full year to be closer to mid-3%s maybe closer to 3% to 4%, 3.5% to 4%. That said, when you look at where we are related to pre-COVID, our pricing over that time frame is in that 17% to 18%, including this quarter that we just talked about is 18%. Where the peers are, on average are about 600 basis points to 700 basis points higher than us over that time frame, which means that we have created a gap. Now most of our pricing this quarter is a wrap from pricing actions we took last year. In fact, I think the impact from this year -- the actions this year make up less than 10% of our total pricing. So we -- the carryover from last year represents 3%. So overall, from a pricing strategy perspective, we feel like we're in a great place. We feel like we have created the gap to our competitors and that gap is not going to get any narrower. We don't expect that when we end the year that maybe quarter-to-quarter, there may be tens of basis points of delta to our peers. But when we look at it overall, we feel like we're going to be still ahead of competition. Part of that is because our inflation that we experience is better than most of our peers and we try to target our own inflation in terms of how we price. But our inflation because of our scale ends up being generally much less than especially some of the local peers you're talking about.
Raj Vennam: Yeah. I’d say, we're looking at probably closer to 5% in the second quarter, 3%-ish by the time we get to third quarter and probably closer to 2% or below 2% by the time we get to fourth quarter.
Raj Vennam: Yes, Sara. So let me try to make sure I answer all the aspects of that question. So let's start with the margins. So from a margin perspective, yes, you're right. If you just look at absolute pricing and commodities inflation or overall inflation and you could say, well, you didn't get the full delta between the pricing and inflation. The things we have to think about are a few things. One, there is a negative mix. First of all, let's start with the brand mix. When you have negative comps at our -- some of our high-margin brands that has a negative impact on our overall blended margin. And you saw that LongHorn and Olive Garden had 230 basis points each of segment profit margin, which is really what -- where you're seeing the most strength. The decline in fine dining, part of that is driven by incremental costs they have year-over-year. Their pricing is starting to catch up. But also, there was some negative mix, on a one-year basis, there was a lot of negative mix on alcohol. When we look at what's happening with -- at Fine Dining, there is trading down to lower-priced wines and other alcohols on a one-year basis. However, when we look at it versus where we were pre-COVID, we don't see a big fall-off. So this feels like there was -- clearly goes back to that exuberance that existed a year ago that we're wrapping on. And so part of that margin impact is from that. And then, the last piece I'd say is, some of the restaurant expenses still have high inflation, whether it's repairs and maintenance, we're running mid-single digit inflation on those lines and so that's part of that. Last piece is utilities. We had a record summer -- record heat. So that caused tremendous usage, much -- we've ever seen historically in terms of electric usage and that translated into some incremental cost to.
Raj Vennam: Yeah, Peter. I would say on the casual brands, we're only seeing it at Olive Garden and LongHorn and it's not alarming. What we're talking about is tens of basis points of negative mix. So it's not at a point where we're like, hey, we're missing check by quite a bit. But it's about -- in an environment where you have a pricing in that 6% range in the -- take an example, the last quarter, to have maybe 50 basis points of negative mix. It doesn't feel like it's a huge impact, but it was a little bit worse than we expected. But we're not reading too much into that, primarily because when we look at what's happening at Cheddar's, we're not seeing a negative mix there. So -- and the other part of it is we have introduced some menu items that are more -- at LongHorn, for an example, we have some items that are better margin, pricing difference there might be causing people to trade down, but it's not hurting our margins. So we're actually okay with that some negative entree mix we're seeing. So it's too early to draw too much into the -- to kind of read too much into this negative mix that we're seeing on the check at the casual brands. From fine dining, yeah, we truly believe it is a function of exuberance last year. We were seeing a huge positive mix last year and that's going away. I mean we've actually had that for four or five quarters until -- I think until we got through to the second quarter of last year. And so now we're starting to things normalize. And this is -- that's why when we wanted to look at it versus pre-COVID and when we look at it through that lens, we did not see any big drop off at the fine dining.
Raj Vennam: Yeah, John. Actually, what we are -- we are continuing to see actually the consumers below 35 be actually continuing to grow as a mix. In fact, when we look at versus last year versus last quarter and as well as versus pre-COVID, consumers below 35 are still trending better. In fact, and then 55 plus, especially 65-plus is still below pre-COVID and actually a slight decline from last quarter to this quarter. So we -- so it feels like from a mix perspective, we're seeing more younger consumer. And we're kind of seeing something along the lines of what Rick mentioned on the income spectrum too, where our lower income makes up a bigger percentage of our guest base today than it did before COVID. But we're not seeing any cracks in that those trends because we've been tracking that for a few quarters now and it seems to be holding up pretty well. Now if is something going to change in the future, we can -- and at this point, we don't have any insight to say whether that's going to change or not.
Raj Vennam: Hey, Brian. so Olive Garden was about 22%, a little over 22%. So that's about a couple of points lower than where we were a year ago. This is not one of the high quarters. And then from a LongHorn perspective, they were about 13% off-premise. From a traffic perspective, I'd say Olive Garden was low-single digit or slightly positive. It might have been 0.3%, 0.4%. LongHorn was in the 1.5% range for traffic.
Raj Vennam: Hey, John. I think we -- what we talked about, if you recall, a year ago, was there was opportunity to get some margin back at LongHorn. Part of that was we had made -- LongHorn's team had made some strategic choices along the way to make investments in food quality and invest well below -- at pricing well below inflation as they were growing traffic. And LongHorn, by the way, does have significant -- actually positive traffic in the dining room relative to pre-COVID. And so we're at a place where we now can pivot a little bit back to getting some of the margin that we wanted to get and so LongHorn team has done a great job getting to some of that margin growth. And we feel like we're in a much better place from an overall business model perspective, especially given the top line momentum they have to be able to see the margins where they are. It's just -- it provides strong returns within our portfolio.
Raj Vennam: Okay. Let me first start with the coverage. So yeah, you pointed out, we have about 55% coverage for the next six months, which is actually the same as what we had a year ago, but a bit lower than what we would have had before COVID. In terms of the ability to get coverage, I would say at this point, it's still difficult to secure long-term coverage at the prices we like for beef and that's really the primary driver. If you look at our coverage, we don't have as much coverage in beef as we would have liked to at this point in time. And then the other point, as poultry, you see that we have about 65% covered, but normally, we're much more covered in that. Part of that is because we renewed -- we started a contract last year in December that actually just expires this December. So we're in the midst of trying to renegotiate that. And so that's kind of the reason why we're a little bit lower. But yeah, you’re right. I mean, we would like to have a little bit more coverage. But as I mentioned, beef is still not where it is, would like it to be, especially going past the holidays, it’s hard to lock out – getting into the holiday, December and pass, it’s hard to lock in at prices we like. So from a dining room perspective, both LongHorn and Olive Garden had traffic growth in the quarter, right? So that means that some of the guests this off-premise question you asked, it’s shifting to the dining room. So we’re not concerned because, yeah, off-premise was down a couple of points that Olive Garden gotten year-over-year, but that means the dining room grew by more than 2 points. And that’s -- we’re happy with that. We actually prefer to have guests in the dining room.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Brian. This is Rick. Overall, we think the consumers continues to be resilient, but there seems to be a little bit more selective. We are seeing a little softness versus last year with household incomes above $125,000 and that primarily affects our fine dining brands, but it does affect all of our brands. Now this could be because the increase in luxury travel, particularly international travel, which you've heard a lot of people talk about. But as I've said before, many times, there is attention to being what people want to pay and what they can afford, and they're going to continue to seek value, not always about low price. They're making trade-offs and food away from home is one of the most difficult things they can give up. So again, what does that mean for our brands? We believe that operators deliver on their brand promise and value will continue to be with consumers. And so we're going to keep doing that. We're going to deliver our promise. We're going to execute our brands and we're going to keep doing that and deliver value to our guests. And I'm confident we're well positioned for whatever we have to deal with. Thanks to the breadth of our portfolio and the outstanding team members in our restaurants who are committed to exceptional guest experiences. Our marketing programs, we told you what we're going to do with marketing in the prepared remarks. It's again at whatever we do is going to elevate brand equity. It's not going to be a deep discount and it's going to be simple to operate. And if it means that our traffic is at the lower end of our guide and then it's at the lower end of our guide. We're not going to do things that are going to impact us in the long-term just for short-term.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, David. Thanks. In regards to development and unit growth, we do want to get to the top end of our long-term framework of 3% unit -- sales growth from new restaurants. As we've said in the past, there's still some permitting delays. We're seeing a little less on the utility connections and those kind of things, but we're still -- it's still taking a little longer to get permits. We also are being a little selective, especially where inflation and costs have made the economics of the deal is a little less attractive. And we generally like to have good margin of error with our projects. And so we've turned down a few projects that just because costs are a little higher than we wanted them to be. And we've done that in the past, and we've been able to get back to those same projects at the costs that are more reasonable for us. So we're willing to wait a little bit to get the cost back more in line. That said, we believe inflation has peaked and we are starting to receive more bids that are in line with our project budgets and some even actually below our project budgets. So that gives us some good feelings for the future. We still believe we have the opportunity to grow close to the high end of our framework and we are actively building that pipeline.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah. And David, I'm going to add one more thing. If you think about us saying that we'd like to see a little bit of a buffer in our net present value over our cost of capital, that's because we have all the capital we need and so we're going to be selective in projects. And the thing that's going to keep us from growing way faster than our long-term framework unit growth is having people ready to run those restaurants and that's what we focus on as well. We're focusing on developing people and we think we've got a great pipeline of people as well.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Dave. You're right. We're not going to give you too much information on what we would do. But just understand that we believe that the best long-term health of our business is to keep our strategy of overall pricing below inflation, running better restaurants and not getting into a huge deep discounting to buy guests. We think that brings in the guests that just come in that are a little bit less core to our business and we're going to continue to operate our restaurants to drive one more visit from our core guests. And if that means that others start doing some heavy discounting, we’re going to stick to our strategy. And even if it means that it’s a short term, it impacts us a little bit in the short term because we think we’ll be better off in the long term if we stay with where we’re going.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Jeff. One thing, yeah, commodities might be easing, but labor is still pretty high. If not -- it's getting a little bit better. But even if commodities are deflationary, there's still net inflation, at least in our business, and I'm guessing in other business too. That said, we have seen a slight increase in promotional activity, but particularly with one barn grill competitor and in the family dining segment. We're really not seeing a whole lot of competitive increase in competitive activity in kind of the Olive Garden range and above other than, as I said, that one bar and grill competitor that seems to be ramping up a little bit. Well, I said, Olive Garden is usually one of the top brands in share of voice. So no matter what this competitive activity is and television activity. Olive Garden is usually one of the top few brands in share of voice, but our message is about more and more and more. Come in to Olive Garden for more, more food, more value, more refills. And that's what we're talking about. And as I said, we'll stick to our strategy. And I'd tell you, that's reinforced Never Ending Pasta Bowl. So Never Ending Pasta Bowl is about never ending craveable by an Italian food at a great value, and it's right on our plan. We're doing exactly what we planned for at the beginning of this fiscal year with Never Ending Pasta Bowl, nothing new.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Jeff. We actually do think seasonality is getting back to historic trends. And the data we talked about for fine dining with getting back to kind of 100% of pre-COVID levels. We're seeing the same thing. I'm not saying at the 100%, but the same kind of trends back towards similar trends of pre-COVID levels now, where last year, we do think there was a little bit of pent-up demand. And so we're going to watch it. We're going to see what happens for the rest of this month and the rest of next month. But it appears like, now we’re getting much closer to what the seasonal patterns were.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Josh. I think now that we're seeing that we think we're getting back to more seasonal patterns. We look at our traffic trends versus pre-COVID. They're fairly consistent across the last four quarters across most of our brand -- actually, in most of our segments. And so we believe what we're doing is getting us to exactly where we were before without a bunch of marketing with at maybe slightly lower traffic levels because of that marketing. And so we're going to stick to what we're doing and see if the patterns dramatically change. And if they do, we have levers to pull that aren't necessarily deep discounts. And one of them that we just pulled with Never Ending Pasta Bowl was to give our eClub members a preview of Never Ending Pasta Bowl, which again was always in our plan. It was in our plan at the beginning of this fiscal year. It's not something we're doing differently we're doing it to learn. If we give our eClub members a little bit more reason to be in the club without giving them a discount to be in the club, then maybe that’s going to drive more. So we’re still learning, and we’re looking at digital marketing and other things that we’ve done and we’ve learned throughout COVID. And if we do anything, we could use those levers but not necessarily deep discounts.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Danilo. As we mentioned earlier, we are finished the planning process and we're about to embark on the hardest part, but it's only going to take us nine months. So think about integrating 80 owned and operated Ruth's Chris restaurants, thinking about the franchise systems, getting all of our operated restaurants on our point-of-sale system, on our payroll system and all of the other systems. We don't want to go too much faster than nine months just because that's a lot of disruption in the restaurant. So we're going to pace it at the right level. We've already -- as we've said, we've brought our synergy estimate up for this year from $5 million to $10 million, I believe, to $12 million this year about and that includes reinvesting some of the synergies that we found. So that would tell you that we got a little bit faster. But we wanted to make investments just like we do in our other brands. So if we get even faster on some of the synergies we see that the synergies are even higher than we've just analyzed then we may make more investments. And so, we'll do what is right for the long-term health of the business, but we're not going to try to integrate too fast and we're going to stay at our pace.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Jeff. I'm going to start with seasonality, as we've talked a couple of times, this is -- September is typically the low seasonal pattern. Last year, it wasn't, the same thing with August. And so I would start by saying seasonal patterns are getting back -- more back to normal when you compare all of our segments to pre-COVID levels, over the last four quarters, we've been pretty consistent. And so the other thing, as we've already mentioned, is there is -- the consumer is starting to have a little bit less confidence and they're a little bit more selective. And so we're going to continue to work on what we've worked on. But I think that pricing in the industry may have caused a little bit of this, but we've been pricing well below the industry and we feel good about where our pricing position is compared to everybody else and we're just going to execute.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Jon. Let me start by saying the fast act you're talking about in California. I know it impacts fast food first and that could lead to higher wages across other segments of the dining experience. Our employment proposition is great. We've got a great employment proposition. As we talk about and I think we've mentioned before, our average wages, including tips are over $22 now across the country. But when you look it in California, it's higher than that. And so I think as labor costs continue to grow, we've had that in other markets where we've seen minimum wages grow or we've seen a reduction in the tip credit, and we've been able to execute and continue to gain share there. So if this does impact restaurants, it's probably going to impact the ones that have a little less capital and a little less the ability to withstand that. Just like we've seen in other markets where wages have grown really fast. We've been able to pick up share because we're still there. So we're going to focus on what we can control, which is providing a great guest experience and trying to continue to price below inflation. And if inflation is higher, others are going to have to price more and we'll be able to gain share by taking a little less price. We're going to stick to our strategy.
Rick Cardenas: Nothing is ever off the table, if things change dramatically on inflation. What we talked about with the pricing actions that we've already taken, most of our pricing is already built in. But that 2% that Raj said in Q4 could be higher if things change. And it’s highly unlikely, it could be lower, but it could be higher if things change.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Sara. Our marketing versus prior year was up 20 basis points, about half of that was just roots mix. So bringing roots into the mix. Our marketing was a little bit higher. And the other 10% was already in our plan. So the planned performance included the tenth in marketing. So we believe we're getting an ROI on that. And we've learned over during the COVID times how to -- we've been able to analyze marketing better because when you completely eliminate it and you start adding back, you can really see the impact of it versus when you have a lot of it and you add a little bit, it's harder to see. So we're able to read the marketing much better in the ROIs and marketing, and we believe there is one.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah. We're seeing it much easier to hire than we have in the last few years. We've gotten much more applicants for every job than we've had before. If you think about the employment proposition that we've mentioned, it includes a minimum wage of $12 an hour, including gratuities (ph). And as we're seeing, yes, wage inflation is up, but our starting wage inflation is lower than our overall inflation. So it seems like it's getting a little bit easier to hire people, and we don't have to hire at such a high rate, just to get people in the door. We're fully staffed. Our turnover is getting coming down. And so our starting wage inflation is much lower or our entry-level wage inflation when people come to work for us is lower than our overall inflation, which is a good time.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Greg. I think a couple of things. One, if you look over the last few years, wage growth has been higher at the lower income level and at the higher income level and inflation while it impacts the lower income more, their wages had grown faster than inflation over time. And I kind of mentioned it. I think a little bit of it now is the exuberance from last year and actually this summer, there was a lot of international travel. You saw that when airlines talked about adding roots internationally, and that could have been part of the reason maybe our Florida and California markets weren't as strong because maybe people weren't traveling here, they were traveling outside the U.S. because they hadn't been able to do that for a few years. I know anecdotally, I've talked to quite a few folks that have had international travel plans in their sights for two or three years, but they were just not doing it because of COVID, and they did it this summer. So it could be because we've had a lot of that. We're not reading too much into it. That said, we're going to watch and monitor and see, and see if something dramatically changes, but we're not too concerned right now. We just wanted to make sure that you understood that the $125,000 and up is something that we're seeing a little softness in or at least we did in the first quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Greg. I want to start by saying, we're really -- our focus is integrating our current restaurants. We've got 81 company-operated restaurants into Darden. Our Ruth's Chris franchise, these are valued partners to us. If they have growth opportunities and they want to continue to grow and it makes sense, then we'll let them grow with us. But we expect to grow our own Ruth's restaurants as well. So I would anticipate that over time, the mix of Ruth's company-owned or company operated compared to franchise will go down. It doesn't necessarily mean that franchise -- number of franchises will get on, it's because we're going to open more restaurants at Ruth's. And so that's how we're going to stick to it.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, John. I think about reattracting any consumer. We're trying to add one more visit from our loyal guests and we had a lot of loyal guests above 65. I do believe that they were a little bit more spooked on the COVID side and they should have been. If COVID have impacted them a little bit more. And we're going to continue to focus our efforts. And if we can do some targeted marketing to them, we've got a big e-club. We can use our eClub to talk to them and say, hey, come back to Olive Garden. But I don't think we're going to do some dramatic things because we've actually seen a pretty big increase in our younger consumer. And I think if people would have asked us five years ago to say, hey, we don't have enough younger consumers, they would have thought, wow, I can't believe how many consumers you've had on the younger side. So we actually like that consumer. We think that consumer is going to be a strong consumer for us, but we value all of our customers, including those over 65 and we'd love to see them come back more frequently.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Brian. On the Ruth's customer base, a lot of our customer research is based on data that we get through our POS and we haven't done the integration of POS. So I'm just using some data that we have from the past. It's a slightly different consumer than we see at Capital Grille and Eddie V’s. And as we've mentioned before, we have very little overlap in the consumer for Ruth's Chris and the consumer for Capital Grille and Eddie V’s. So that's a good thing. We're reaching a consumer for a different need state than they've had before. Ruth's is a little bit more suburban than the other brands that we've mentioned. And so we're going to continue to learn more about that consumer. In regards to the investments that we've made or that we're going to be making, as Raj said, we have a history of making investments in our team and in our food. And those are the kind of investments we're going to be making with these additional synergies more on the food side, but still some investments on the team side. I don't want to get into the exact investments that we're making now.
Rick Cardenas: Yeah, Jake. As we've said before, the restaurant industry is impacted really more about discretionary spending. We don't expect consumer repayment of student loans is going to be a material impact to Darden over time. And recall that a lot of these have already started being made. So I think in the month of August or -- month of August, it was about $1 billion a week. And that could be because some people are just deciding to pay off their entire student loan before the interest rate starts back up. And so the expectation was it's going to be about $80 billion or so a year in student loan repayment and we're almost at that run rate now. So -- and I also know I've read and seen, and I think you've all read that a lot of these student loan payments are the folks that are above $125,000. So maybe that's part of it as well. Maybe they've started to pay off their student loan. So we want to see how this progresses over time. But as we've said, we don't think it's going to be a meaningful impact to our business on the margins, it could be an impact, but it's not going to be a meaningful impact to our business. Discretionary spending is a bigger impact.
Rick Cardenas: I don't know about that. Let me start by saying full-service dining occasions are driven by desire to connect with family and friends. Our -- if you think about the frequency of our full servers dining gas is a couple of times 2 times, 3 times a year for a good guess. So over the years, we have spent a lot of time designing our menus to ensure guests have a wide range of choices to suit their individual needs. And we're going to react to whatever happens, but we don't think it's going to be a meaningful impact to us because of the celebratory nature with for people, why people come out to eat. And if it suppresses appetite a little bit, they're still going to eat. So we're going to be there for them when they do.
