Gene Lee: Brett as Rick said, we are making no further comments on the pending tax legislation. We will update our guidance in January once the bill is passed. So, for everybody else who wants to ask as a question on it, we’re not going to answer them.  As far as the consumer landscape, I think you were referring to that our GAP to NAV or our GAAP to benchmarks may have shrunk a little bit and we’ve been pretty clear and we said we preferred to operate in an environment with a stronger industry and if our GAAP shrinks a little bit, that’s okay with us.  As I said in my prepared remarks, I think we had a great quarter considering everything that transpired, we saw strength in all our businesses, we started in a pretty big hole in September. I think it feels pretty good out there. I would say when I look at the benchmarks, I’m seeing about 3% growth in what the consumer is paying. So, I don’t feel it’s still the environment all that promotional right now. I know they could be getting that in a couple of different ways where they’re getting it through price or mix. But I feel like it’s fairly positive out there right now and I just feel good. I think the consumer is using the whole menu, they’re not all that reactive to what people are doing from an incentive standpoint. So, it feels good.
Gene Lee: Hey good morning David. I continue to see -- when I look over the landscape the brands that are well positioned have strong value equations are continuing to take share. This is approximately $100 billion category that has been growing approximately 2%. And for those that are well positioned, I feel like they are going to continuing to do well. If your value propositions are little off and your offering is not resonating with the consumer, it could be a struggle. I think focusing on the overall industry benchmarks is somewhat dangerous because it’s been such deviation in the performance of the people that are doing well compared to the people who aren’t. So, I can’t comment and give you guidance on what we think calendar ‘18 might look like. We’ve given you what we think guidance is for the back half of our fiscal year, we always get a little nervous in December, January, February and March because weather is out of our control. We can’t control that. And if we have a bad winter, that could put pressure short-term on our same restaurant sales. But we don’t think that has any impact on the overall momentum of the business. So, as I said earlier to Brett’s question, we feel pretty good about how the consumer is reacting to our brands right now.
Gene Lee: A lot in there Nicole. Let me start with the off-price sales. I take back to where, we identified a couple of years ago that the consumer needs data of convenience. The consumers are still looking at that for convenience. We’ve got some brands that really can satisfy that express the Olive Garden. We’ve done a great job with that. I think that’s probably, a more permanent part of our equation today. I don’t see that need state going away, I see that need state increasing. And I think we’ll continue to come up with innovative way to meet that need. As far as, we start thinking about delivery and as we’ve said before, we’ve got multiple tests going on in the marketplace, we are trying to learn. We believe that someone is going to rise up and create some scale in the space and we’ll watch those third-party delivers. We’re also watching competitors that are doing it themselves. We have a small test, we’re doing ourselves. And we’ll watches whole space kind of develop. And we’ll decide, how we’re going to participate in that. We are still very attracted to the large party delivery catering in Olive Garden where average order is over $300. That makes a lot more sense for us to market and pursue than running around delivering $10 entrees at this point in time. So, for us, it’s a wait and see. We’re very engaged in the process, where all the third-party delivery companies and we’re very engaged with our own activity around that. So, to us, so what see how these things develops. 
Gene Lee: We have a filter that we run every decision through. And the first question we ask is how does our team member win if we make a decision. The second is how does our guest win if we make a decision and we believe one of our four competitive advantages is our culture even as the employee market has tightened, our retention rates have not moved it all, they actually improved a little bit. We’ll continue to invest in our team members, we believe we have great training programs, 50% of our management comes from our team member ranks which we believe are offering growth opportunities to our team members. And I think we’re doing the right thing, we’re not trying to manage to when these awards were – we’re just doing the right thing for our team members every single day and then if we then get an award that’s great. But I think you can see it in our results, we’re doing a good job taken care of our guests and we take care of our guests, we win. 
Gene Lee: No, I don’t think, I think the exact opposite. I think this is a way for people to trade in the casual dining and having an experience for under $14 -- under a $14 check average was made from scratch food that is at a higher quality than most comparable operations they are competing against.  We look at the data and the research, we’re just really impressed with the loyalty, we’ve been out doing what we call dine arounds, where our team goes out and dine with guest. And we continue to learn more and more about the admiration they have for our brand. And the accessibility the brand provides for people who probably couldn’t go out to eat in a full service casual dining environment except they can go to Cheddars and make it work inside their budget. This is a very strong brand, when I think about -- I know there is a little bit of concern about where the comps are and this doesn’t surprise us at all, it happened at Yardhouse, it happened at Longhorn and I believe the only -- Longhorn only ever had one negative full year of same restaurant sales decline and that was during the integration in its 30 some year history.  The other thing I would add is that, we’ve acquired two large franchise operations inside of Cheddar's that make up approximately 35% of the system. Those restaurants, there are 54 of them I believe or approximately 54 are a significant drag on the base Cheddar restaurants that were the real base of the company owned operations that we bought. Those restaurants are dragging it down, well over percent. As we standardize the menus, because the menus were somewhat different and their pricing philosophies were somewhat different, as we’ve standardize the menus we are getting some negative check, that’s drag and it sound to. These are decisions we have to make for a long-term.  And lastly as I mentioned in my remarks, integration is hard and we believe, when we look back on our couple of our last acquisitions, we didn’t go fast enough, we let integration drag on too long. And so, we made the determination during this fund that we’re going push hard and get to the other side quicker and that’s what we’re doing and we actually integrated the two franchise systems first, so they’ve actually had the most activity because their systems were so weak.  And I will close up by just saying the most important thing for us to do is to get our POS systems in these restaurants so that we can start getting the data that we get to analyze our other businesses to help us make the right strategic choices as we move forward to drive this brand. Let’s not get hung up on short term quarter-to-quarter comps, this business does 6,300 guests a week, has incredible loyalty and is the undisputed value leader. Once we get to the other side of this which will be another 6, 9, 12 months, this business will be a good growth driver for Darden.
Gene Lee: I mean you’re really asking me to look into a crystal ball and try to project what’s happening, I mean what’s going to happen. We think our advantages and if we continue to make the right investments, whether it’s underpricing and inflation, whether that’s improving the food quality, whether that’s improving the employee experience. The way we look at it how do we increase our share of the $100 billion category, both through same restaurant sales growth and new restaurant growth. And we look at the value equation for each of our businesses and we look at Cheddar's and Olive garden. The price value relationship is really important, as we move up the continuing [ph] the we experience becomes more important.  So, I am not sure -- if the overall industry does continue to improve, I’m telling you right now, we’re working as hard as we possibly can to get as much of that share as possible. And however, it plays out, it plays out. But we are not all that -- we look at the benchmarks, we report them out to you guys, but we are not sure that’s always the total opportunity because we look at the top five or six players in the industry and say if they’re doing something that we ought to try to be able to beat them not just the benchmark.
Gene Lee: I mean we are not going to talk about anything that has -- you tie this to meaningful benefits of tax reform, we’re not talking about anything I am sorry David, about tax reform. We will talk about general investments and how we think about it but I think I’ve already answered that question.
Gene Lee: Yes. We’re approximately 30% online now and it continues to grow. And we do incentivize people to do that. Because we get a lot of data when they we get via online. And so, that’s an important part of the process, it just helps to simplify the operation and we’ll continue to try to migrate as much of that business over as possible. At the end of the day, we got a lot of people calling in orders, when they are driving home. That’s hard to do those online, while you’re driving. But we’ll continue with more people over the best we can. 
Gene Lee: No. Let me clarify. Those negative two is inclusive of the two franchise systems that we -- what they call the Grier restaurants that were purchased by Cheddar’s right before we bought them. And then we purchased their next largest franchisee, which we refer to as a CMP shortly thereafter. They make up 35% of the overall system. So, in essence, we’re doing 3 integrations at once and their system has grown dramatically. Now what I said and maybe I wasn’t clear, was that, the 35% of the restaurants that were franchised and now company owned are dragging same restaurant sales down by 100 basis points. And…
Gene Lee: Yes. CMP wasn’t just a Grier restaurant. And we have negative check in the approximately 45 Grier restaurants that we brought, because we had to standardize the menu. So that negative check is part of the drag. And this franchise -- these are great restaurants, great people but our franchise system that was run a little bit independently of the core company owned restaurants. So, there is going to some effort and energy to get them up to the operating standards of the company restaurants. 
Gene Lee: Yes. Yeah, it is fiscal 2019. Sorry, Matt it’s for the synergies not the integration. So, the integration, we expect to have most of the integration work done on the system side by the end of this fiscal year, but we do expect them to have to continue to learn how those systems works and then take those systems and use the data that we have to help improve the performance in fiscal 2019 that’s fair. That’s where I think we were saying the integration is going to take 18 months, it’s the integration, the system is going to take less time than that, it’s just the learning and the understanding the data is going to take a little longer. But we do expect that the synergies on a run-rate basis, we will get by the middle of fiscal 2019 versus the run-rate basis we thought will be at the end of fiscal 2019. So, sorry messed up the question there.
Gene Lee: Yeah. Matt, just because the integration is going a little bit faster, it’s still takes time to find sites and other things and when you’ve got a site pipeline that could be 18 months, it will take us a little longer just to rebuild that pipeline. We do expect to open restaurants in FY 2019, and we’ll talk about the number of openings et cetera when we give you the fiscal 2019 outlook. But it’s just going to take us a little while to build up that pipeline. Again, using the data that we use to help find the greater site. So, I would still expect us to open restaurants at least at the pace that we’re opening them today in fiscal 2019, but we’ll tell you more about that when we talk in 2019.
Gene Lee: Yeah. Matt, thanks for that. What happened for the quarter, when we originally talked about the quarter we thought it would be down 60 basis points in the same restaurant sales and down $0.035 in - or $0.03 I’m sorry in EPS. What it turned out was the restaurants that we had in Florida, impacted and they were closed for quite a while so that impacted us in total by about 50 basis points in close days. And those are higher volume restaurants in the system average. But then we did get some bounce back in Florida. And so, each brand was impacted differently, but for the company for Darden it was slightly negative in comps for the entire quarter. So, it wasn’t negative 60 basis points, it’s was just slightly negative.  On an EPS basis, it turned out to be about $0.02 unfavorable instead of $0.03, because the comp impact wasn't as bad. Now, the $0.02 is primarily proactive things that we did to make sure that the restaurants were boarded up and so they were -- they didn’t have any as much damage. We did have some food inventory write-off, we had some restaurants that were closed maybe a week and so that food has to be written-off. But we’re also very proactive before the hurricanes come to help mitigate any food write-off. So again, it was about $0.02 for the quarter instead of three and it was about slightly negative in comp instead of 0.6. 
Gene Lee: Alright. So, let’s start with Olive Garden, the 12% quarter I thought was I think is a really strong To Go quarter. We think about the future; the consumer need state is going to continue -- is going to need to continue to increase for the convenience for us to continue to growth that. We’re doing well over $0.5 million on average inside an Olive Garden box and To Go we’ve got restaurants that are doing well over $1 million To Go. So, as we think about going in into the future, you know we need consumer needs state to continue to grow. We’ll continue to innovative. I think one of the biggest things we can do on Olive Garden to Go is improve our operations as the business has improved, Dave and Dan and the team continue to work on coming up with better systems to handle the volume.  It's actually an interesting business because I do a lot of pickups like at 11:15 and 11:30. And so they can use the [indiscernible] before it fills up to handle the volume. So, I think there is some operational improvements that we can make. We can continue to improve the offering to stay relevant to the guest and continue to remind the guest that its available. We have said -- we’re publicly on the record saying that we think overtime if the consumer need state continues to grow that this can be 20% of our business.  Primarily because the type of food travels so well and we can do it more so than just entrees that we can do bulk and bulk is where we want to be.  Let me move to LongHorn, we’ve been making great investments in LongHorn for the last two years, Todd and his team has done a great job of -- we’ve increased the size of the stakes, we’ve removed complexity in the kitchen and as we’ve mentioned we’ve taken the SKUs down, some of that through the menu, some of that through the promotional activity that we’ve done, reducing the number of new items that we introduced on a quarterly basis. And what we’re finding is we had a lot of stuff on menu items on our menu that really were duplicative and what the feeling -- the need they were feeling for the consumer, and we removed them and it just helps us operate much more efficiently.  I believe all our businesses, all our brands, our menus are too complicated, too complex, we have items that continue to work and do the same thing over and over and over again versus having one great fried appetizer instead of having three great fried appetizers. And the more we can simplify the operation, the better the execution gets, the quality increases and the overall value the consumer is having an impact.  And LongHorn historically has been a high food cost low labor cost operation. And we have simplified that operation to be able to bring the labor cost down and increase the productivity while improving the overall quality of the food product. And even as much as we’ve reduced it already, I think there’s still further reduction to be done in the LongHorn menu to improve the -- to simplify the operation. Those are very small kitchens that have to stay simple in order to cook the great steaks in a timely manner.
Gene Lee: That’s fairly easy. The systems having been invested in, in those restaurants, they are working on very old POS systems and so big difference in this integration than some of the others where the Cheddar's team is actually pulling from us to get this information in restaurant where some of our past integrations, there’s been a little push back because they had good systems and we are just the changing systems to change the systems. Here our systems are superior. They want the systems as soon as they can get them and they have just been -- they have been great to work with. We believe overall the benefits package is going to be much stronger for those team members. We think there’s a huge upside in Cheddar's in increasing their retention. Right now, their employee retentions are above the average of the industry and we believe that if we can take them from 120% team member turnover down to our norm of 70% it's going to have a huge impact on the overall operation. So, we believe and all indications are that they like the systems that we’re bringing. Ian has done a great job working with his teams and talking about the systems that we are implementing and getting feedback. So, I think this is going to really enhance their performance overtime.
Gene Lee: Yes, it's almost 30% and we’ve got different tests out there and we’ve got different products in different market. So, it’s somewhere, it’s approximately 25% to 30%. We’ve done a really good job; the management is done a really good job there of getting back on our pathway. Delivering that brand in the consumer differently than how Olive Garden delivers their brand to the consumer. And it has a lot to do with the promotional cadence and new product introductions. 
Gene Lee: Yes. We were definitely seeing an increase in frequency in LongHorn. We measured that every quarter with our tokens.
Gene Lee: Yes, Jason, the holiday impact is minimal versus last year. The holiday shift moving Christmas basically from a Sunday to a Monday, it’s really not going to be much different than it was last year. 
Gene Lee: Yes. And last year's holiday shift was about 20 basis points unfavorable. So, it shouldn’t be much different than this year. So pretty much flat this year. 
Gene Lee: The industry is fighting for consumers, their consumers discretionary dollars. And I’ve said on this call before, we’re not just fighting amongst ourselves, we’re fighting for those dollars that have been spent in other places. I do think that overall, the industry is being a little more rationale. I think there has been some okay innovation and I think we’re attracting consumers again. I don’t think there is a macro trend out there that says that we’re pushing people and I think the industry is doing a better job. 
Gene Lee: Good observation on the high-end category because our high-end brands with the hurricanes travel really came to a halt and they were disproportionately impacted and they had -- they really came back strong both Cap Grille and Eddie V's.  I would also say that Texas has not stopped being a drag. That business was for 18 months, we had pretty good presence in our high-end restaurants in Texas and that had really been a constant drag and that’s kind of flipped for us now. And the Texas restaurants are doing better and not dragging so, on a high end the consumer, it feels really good out there, the consumers out there people are celebrating, I think our brands are very well positioned, Sean Martin is doing an incredible job leading Eddie Vs, and really maximizing those restaurants and put up a great number, very, very excited about that. And we’re opening a few restaurants in Eddie Vs, which is really good growth for us. 
Gene Lee: Hi, Jeff. Yeah, we expect to analyze the bill when it’s signed. We’re beginning to analyze it now, but we expect to have the impact of tax reform in early January ahead of ICR.
Gene Lee: Yeah. Andy, we are as you said bumping up close to our high end of our long-term framework. And it's just that, as we’ve said there are years that we could be above it, years where we can be below it. Right now, we have given you our share count for the year, which is 126 million shares. So, you could probably see that we don’t anticipate buying a whole a lot right now. But we did last year go over our $200 million. So, as we think about our return of capital, we’ll see what other uses we have for that capital and whether we’re going to go ahead and buyback shares. But right now, we’ve given you I guess the best indication of what our share count will be for the end of the year. Well, actually for the average for the year.
Gene Lee: Couple of things, one is we’re ramping on a really strong last half of last year as you think about growth and inflation as we said for the year is going to be 2%, around 2 and it's just slightly higher than where we had anticipated. It's still around 2 but slightly higher on to be around 2 range and before. But we still have you’ve done the math, somewhere in the double-digit growth rates in the back half of the year. So, we don’t -- while we consider that a deceleration, it's still above our long-term framework growth rate if you think about earnings after tax and our long-term framework we say 7 to 10% and that would still be above that. 
Gene Lee: Yeah, I think one thing about LongHorn, we’re finetuning the menu as we pull it back. I think it’s a little bit different than the competitor that you mentioned. You know we had a lot of menu items that really weren’t working that hard for us and we’re introducing a lot of new products on a quarterly or every six weeks basis that weren’t working hard. And you’re very familiar with LongHorn Howard and a great LongHorn experience is a forceful way in a hot baked potato with sour cream and real butter. So, as we simplify our operation, we’re executing it at a higher level. We need to get the stakes cooked correctly, we need to get the food out faster and that’s what simplification has done for us. And I am really not going to comment on our competitors’ strategy.
Gene Lee: Well I think the answer -- there’s two parts to your answer, we don’t know who we are going to partner with yet and number, I don’t like the current economics of the partnership. And so, I am trying to understand -- we are trying to understand their profit model and we are trying to understand our profit model doing internally. And once we get a pretty good understanding of both those models and they are well developed I think I will have some leverage in negotiating this with a third-party or doing it ourselves. So, I am not hesitant on the business. I think the business is a good business. I am just not going to live with that current economics. We will do ourselves before we live with their economics.
Gene Lee: I understand them. They are not favorable enough for me. And I am not going to give them their discount and there’s too much profit in there because they don’t have scale yet. And so, we are trying to understand what that model looks like and what it looks like for us from a profitability standpoint, and we can pinpoint what their profit is and got to get to a better resolution if they want to do it for us. If not, we will do ourselves. 
Gene Lee: Yes, Alex. The 2% to 3% is the long-term framework we have for a couple of reasons. One is people. We have to make sure we have enough people to open these restaurants and open them strongly and doing a great job with it. We think if we get too high above the 3% across Darden, it puts a strain on the people that we have in knowing the brand. There are some brands that are going to be above the 3% range and some brands are going to be below the 2% range but across Darden we think 2% to 3% is the right investment. And we do know that all of these restaurants on average are creating significant amount of value. But we also have other ways to return capital and to spend our capital, whether it’s in dividends or share buyback. So, we want to balance all of our capital spending including new restaurants, we think 2% to 3% is the right amount.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think the independent growth is happening in more of the big cities. And we see that, more of a real issue for our upscale brands. In Yard House and Seasons 52 and Bahama Breeze whether they’re located more in these upscale suburban areas or urban areas. We’re not seeing an influx of casual dining restaurants in suburbia that are privately owned. This is an urban phenomenon and not really impacting LongHorn and Olive Garden.
Gene Lee: Yes. We’re fairly long right now in beef. So, we’re covered and our teams are making good decisions along the way. 
Gene Lee: Andrew, we’ve had a lot of work at LongHorn and Simplification to improve labor productivity. And again, they’ve also had some deep deflation over the last few years that help margins. We still think there is margin improvement for LongHorn going forward. Maybe not to the level that we’ve seen over the last couple of years, because eventually the beef deflation is going to become beef inflation and we’re going to continue invest in quality at LongHorn. And we’re just not ready to talk more about individual brand margins going forward. Although, if you look across Garden compared to our competitors we are the only ones drawing margins to really overtime, over last few years or actually the last six months.  So, we feel good about where our margin is. We don’t want to go too high on our margin, because we think value is important and that getting too far out of line with what the consumer is willing to pay. But we still have costs that we can go after, we saw our productivity gains that we can do to continue to expand our margins across Garden 10 to 40 basis points, which is what’s in our long-term framework.
Gene Lee: Give us a second to find that out. It’s probably in a couple of years, but it’s not next fiscal year, I’m pretty sure. 53-week, I think it’s. We’ll get back to you on that.
Gene Lee: Thanks. And I think we’re ready to conclude the call. I want to remind everyone that we plan to release third quarter results on Thursday March 22, before the market opens with the conference call to follow. Thanks everyone for participating in today’s call. And have a happy holiday season.
Rick Cardenas: Hey Brett its Rick. The guidance implies what we know in this in for the first half of the year and just some estimates of the economy or the industry is not going to get much better. We don’t assume that it’s going to just get better until it’s gets better. So, the guidance we’ve given is prudent based on where we are today.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, John a couple of things. One, as I said earlier we did have a little bit of a legal settlement that we had this quarter, not settlement but an outcome that we had this quarter that we didn’t anticipate. We also -- as we talk about the G&A -- no I am sorry -- G&A cost of sales in food and beverage, we are still saying that our cost inflation in total is going to about 2% when you include labor. But every tenth of that move is about $0.03 a share. So, we’re still saying approximately 2%, it’s just closer to the 2%, right at the 2% than may be a little bit lower than the 2%. And also, we are going to continue invest in our consumer and invest in value. So, as we have said before if we do get some incremental revenues, we may have some of that that we hold back and invest in our consumer for the long-term. So that’s why we still believe that the high end of our range at $4.53 is the right place to be, even though we did increase our sales and we did have a little bit of benefit in tax which was offset in legal.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, a couple of things. One is, our long-term framework and algorithm, as always said -- in our strategy of leveraging Darden’s cost advantage, we’ve always said that we want to price below our competition which generally prices that inflation. Even if inflation goes up and competitors start to price, we believe that somewhere in that middle of between the 1% and 2% is the right place to be. And Olive Garden you mentioned, I think it was a 1.7 [ph] this quarter, Longhorn is below 1% this quarter. Even though, our commodity cost inflation was 1%. Olive Garden had much more inflation than Longhorn, because of Dairy [ph]. So, as we think about Olive Garden over the year, it’s also a timing thing. We still think Olive Garden will be about 1.5 for the year and Longhorn will be below that.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, it’s Rick. We are seeing productivity gains across the Darden system. I’m not going to tell you by brand how much productivity, we’re getting. Although, if you think about what we’ve been doing over the last few years, we continue to simplify our operations and the brands that are simplifying are getting the most productivity gains.  And also, as I mentioned earlier, we did have some same restaurant sales leverage that helped. And finally, our turnover really hasn’t moved much. As you think about turnover what happens when you have turnovers, you have to train a lot more. What we’re doing with our training dollars is we’re investing in training and getting our team members better at their job to become more productive than just learning their job, which is what happens when you’re hiring new folks.  So, when you think about all of that, we feel really great about the productivity gains we’ve made over the last few years. There are some brands that still have more To Go. Some brands that actually have actually been further along in the cycle. So, they might have a little less. But they’re not stopping looking for productivity in the future. And you did mention, we did say that we had about 4% wage inflation, which is a pretty high inflation, but we were able to offset that with these productivity gains and with the moderate pricing we took. 
Rick Cardenas: Let me just add though. There are key days in our fiscal third quarter that cannot be weather impacted or also have a major impact, could have an impact on the quarter. I mean, so we got New Year’s leave and Valentine’s Day, which are big, big days in our quarter and a major weather event that covers a large geographic area could have impact. 
Rick Cardenas: The 2% comp is for the legacy Darden brands, as Kevin mentioned on the beginning of our call, anytime we talk about comps for this fiscal year it will exclude the Cheddar’s restaurants. 
Rick Cardenas: Hey Karen its Rick. In relation to LongHorn unit growth, a couple of years out, what we have talked about over the last few years is that our long-term framework for Darden is about you know 2 to 3%-unit growth, sales from the unit. I mean, some of that will come from LongHorn. We’re very reluctant to talk about accelerating rapidly any one brand because we know that speed kills and we opened 40 LongHorns two years in a row and we’re you know kind of catching up to that right now. So, as we think about LongHorn in the future, I think we’ve talked this year is going to be in the teens, the high teens, numbers of openings.  I wouldn’t anticipate that getting way out of line from there, but we’ll give you a little bit more about FY’19 in a few months or actually by the end of the June. But right now, we’re looking at pipeline, we’re looking at filling in sites and markets that we already have restaurants in. We think that’s a really good strategy for LongHorn and then continuing to find new markets where we can generate a beachhead and grow from there.
