Clarence Otis: Thanks, Drew. And so this was a solid start to our fiscal year. We're solid strategic, solid operationally, solid financially. At the enterprise level, we're making organizational changes, and we're making investments that will enable us to respond even more powerfully to what we see as important economic, demographic and lifestyle changes. Of course, one of the most significant investments is our recent acquisition of Yard House. Yard House is an exciting brand. It has 40 restaurants today and ultimate unit potential of at least 150 to 200 restaurants. And Yard House also has a strong unit opening pipeline in place, with 4 openings planned for the rest of our fiscal 2013. Beyond Yard House, we believe our brands have the right strategies. And in a softer and more volatile environment than any of us would like, each is executing its strategy well while operating at a very high level on a day-to-day basis. We're able to do all of this because we've got a winning culture with exceptional employees, employees who are committed to our business, committed to our guests. Our employees are why we remain on track to becoming a great company, and they're why we're excited about the future. With that, we have about half an hour to take your questions. So let's get started. Thank you.
Clarence Otis: Well, it's -- certainly, it's difficult to generalize by initiative, but I would say we're still on track to introduce a new advertising campaign that we think, as I mentioned, is going to be attention-getting and excite reconsideration of the brand. The impact of a new advertising campaign generally isn't immediate. It builds over time as the number of exposures and media weight behind that campaign builds over time. We plan to accelerate our reimaging, the remodel in the second half. That tends to be more immediate as guests notice a difference, and so that has a bit of a quicker impact than an advertising campaign would. Promotions, our promotion strategy is going to continue to be to emphasize these new value-oriented promotion constructs more frequently than we have in the past. And when we get a promotion that resonates with guests like the 2 for $25 did and like the 3-course meal in the third quarter last year did, that's a fairly immediate impact as well. In core menu, we've identified a number of opportunities where we believe the Olive Garden business is underdeveloped relative to the growth opportunity presented by the market and where that growth opportunity is consistent with the brand and our business model. But those new menu platforms are going to be phased in over several quarters, over the next 4 or 5 quarters, a platform a quarter potentially. Some of them could have a quicker impact, and some of them are going to build over time because the guest need state that we're addressing is going to build over time. So that's how we're thinking about revitalizing the Olive Garden business.
Clarence Otis: And this is Clarence. And I would say, as Brad said, early stages, but we've done a lot of work. The integration process really started before the acquisition was completed and continues. And it begins, most importantly, with the team and making sure that we keep the talent that they've got, which has built such a great brand. We do continue to see the kind of sales and cost synergy opportunities that we identified when we laid out the original sort of guidance.
Clarence Otis: Yes, we think we're pretty confident that we got it right. We think it's important to not -- to make sure that a single offer doesn't become an anchor that precludes us from offering the kind of affordability across the entire year and on a go-forward basis that we need to offer.
Clarence Otis: This is Clarence, and I would say the bigger risk -- given the kind of dynamic change that we're seeing in the consumer set, when you look at economic condition, when you look at demographics, the biggest risk would be to not change. So we must change, and we have to do that in a smart way, as Drew said, with appropriate testing. And Red Lobster, we think, has done that. It's done it over 2 years. It's why, as Drew said, when we look at Olive Garden, we're introducing platforms in a staged way because testing on some of those platforms is much farther ahead than it is on others. But again, we think that the risk in a changing environment is to not change.
Clarence Otis: Well, I would say just a couple of things. We've talked over the last several years about the fact that we've been undertaking some fairly significant transformation in terms of how we do business in some important high-spend areas. And so we're certainly benefiting from the steps that we've taken on that side, and there's continued benefit as we go forward. The other thing that matters is inflation, and sometimes there are headwinds like there was last year with seafood. Seafood is a little bit more of a tailwind this year, although some of that is mitigated by beef headwinds. And so all of that is part of it, but we think that the transformative changes that we've made are permanent, steady-state changes that we'll continue to benefit from.
Clarence Otis: And I'll start. Just on the consumer side, as we talked about fiscal '13 back in June, I think what we said was we thought it would look a lot, from a macroeconomic environment, like our fiscal 2012. And to the extent that there was -- as you looked at the balance of risk, '13 versus '12, it was probably to the downside, and so that's how we established our plans. Nothing has really changed from that perspective. When you get to the end result for the entire year of fiscal 2012, what you saw is it bounced around from quarter-to-quarter and month-to-month to get there, and we think that, that will be the case in 2013. The year has certainly started that way, and so no new news there. And we think the bounciness -- the overall result for the year reflects fundamentals. The bouncing around reflects sentiment.
Clarence Otis: Yes. So those are dynamics we are looking at very carefully, obviously, over the last year when we were testing this new menu in market at Red Lobster. And what we've seen is a pretty modest check decline related to the new entrées that we're adding that are more affordable. That modest decline is partly offset by an increase in appetizers because there's a broader range of appetizers on this new menu, and we've talked about the dynamic earlier about some guests ordering appetizers instead of an entrée. And then the rest of the check impact is offset by guest count growth and some labor optimization that we've put in place. So what we would expect to see isn't a big decline in check, probably a slower growing check, improving guest count growth that's driving growth in total sales and total earnings. And that's kind of the dynamic overall that we're seeing in the test.
Clarence Otis: It's Clarence, and I'll start. And so when Drew talks about introducing new platforms at Olive Garden and phasing those in over the next 3 to 4 quarters, at the end of that period, the cumulative effect of that menu change will equal Red Lobster. Perhaps it will even be a little bit bigger. And so we're talking about a fairly significant change to the Olive Garden menu, which we think is appropriate. And the reason why it's happening in those stages is so we can make sure that we test each stage appropriately, but the net effect is a very significant change. Beyond that, we've talked about some of the other things that we're doing around changing promotional constructs; advertising, which will hit this year; and then the reimaging, which will really accelerate in the second half of this year and will reach a critical mass pretty quickly into next fiscal year, yes.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. Jeff, this is Brad. And no, there's really no update to that. We're in the early phases of the integration right now, and we're really pleased with what we have and the strength of the business there. But there's no really new update to our expectations at this point.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, there's a few dynamics going on in August. First, industry slowed down overall. Second, the menu mix that we saw at Olive Garden in terms of guests ordering more appetizers instead of entrées started at the end of last fiscal year, but really accelerated in August, particularly due to some new appetizers that we introduced in July. And then third, Never Ending Pasta Bowl at the higher price point did start at the end of August, and it's possible, with the higher price point, that some of the more value-sensitive guests were impacted by that price. But it's going to enable us to do some important things over the rest of the year in terms of offering value and affordability more broadly throughout the year.
C. Bradford Richmond: Well, the way we think about Olive Garden, in the quarter, operating profit and margins were up, which we feel very good about. And as we think about the business more holistically, we think it's in a very strong financial position. So restaurant margins for the business are very strong, and that's one of the key drivers that's enabling new restaurant growth to continue to perform at a very high level, like I said, on average exceeding their sales and earnings targets by more than 50% over the last 3 years. Now we haven't gotten back, obviously, all of the traffic over the last 3 years, but we are building back.
C. Bradford Richmond: This is Brad, and what I would say is the average cost system means that we're blending in newer purchases with the inventory that we have, so there's somewhat of a lag effect to, in this case, the downward prices on many of these items. And so if that continues as we would expect, you should see costs of sales that are slightly more favorable in the second quarter vis-à-vis last year than they were in the first quarter just because of the accounting dynamics going on there.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, and this is Brad. Just a little bit on the food cost basket side, from where we started the fiscal year to where we are now, we've got 80% coverage on our food costs to the remainder of the calendar year, so we feel pretty good about that. If you look at what we were wrapping on last year, in the first quarter, we had about 8% year-over-year cost inflation and about the same in the second quarter, and that moderated as we got into the back half of the year. And so we feel pretty good where that is, being in that 0.5% to 1.5% range. I think early in the year, we said that we're probably at the lower end of that. I'd say now we're probably in the middle half of that range, given our cost basket and how we see the outlook and what we've got contracted. We don't see a dramatic change from the start of the fiscal year.
C. Bradford Richmond: Brad here. Just one thing I would add is in the first quarter, SG&A were up about 130 basis points. About 1/3 of that was the media and inflation was half of that. So if you look out through the year, I mean, we're going to see about a similar number for the whole year. So it's not like we pulled media forward that's going to be sacrificed in a later quarter.
C. Bradford Richmond: Interest expense, obviously, we're taking on more debt with the Yard House acquisition and you just mentioned paying down the debt. So it is going to be up to last year, but probably in that, say, 8% to 12% higher than the prior year.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. As we look through labor costs, and again, Clarence touched some on this, just the more longer-term nature that of initiatives we had against that plus our tools around guest count, forward testing, labor management. We would expect to continue to see year-over-year improvement on the restaurant labor line, maybe not as great as it was in the first quarter. But obviously, a key thing for us is growing same-restaurant sales. It's -- that line is pretty heavily leveraged. So to the degree we have more success there, we could have even more success from the restaurant labor line. But what we see in the first quarter is success that we expect to achieve in the remaining quarters of the year, but maybe not as at high a level.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, in terms of our funding expectations and plans that we've done is, over the past 3 months, we have put in place a private offering that we did that took down our CP balance pretty much to 0. And then -- so we paid for the purchase of the Yard House out of our revolver amount that we had available to us there, and then just recently, we have initiated a term loan with a number of our banks that has a delayed funding feature to that. So that's available to us as we move into the future here. And then to your point, we do have debt maturity coming this October, and so we're evaluating that right now, but would anticipate most likely going back to the public markets to refinance that debt around the time that it matures.
C. Bradford Richmond: And, Andy, Brad Richmond here. I wanted to come back on your question about interest rate. Still integrating, so working off a number of pieces of documents here, but interest for us on a year-over-year basis, with the Yard House acquisition, is probably going to be in that 18% to 22%. The number I gave you earlier was on a pre-acquisition basis. So let me clarify that for you.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, it is a big change. And you're absolutely right that we need to be careful with it to make sure that it's broadly satisfying to guests and that operationally that we can execute it, and that's why we've been working on it for 2 years. More specifically, we've been testing it in somewhere between 40 and 50 restaurants spread geographically across the country for almost a year. And based on that learning, we've been refining recipes, we've been refining the amount of change to the menu and how we sequence that change into our restaurants. And what we've seen -- and I guess, to dimensionalize it a little bit more, we talk about items under $15 addressing the need for more everyday affordability, and so the menu is going to go from having about 40% of the entrées being under $15 to about 60% of the entrées being under $15. We talk about the veto vote, whereas we have seafood expertise, but if not everyone in the party wants seafood at Red Lobster, historically that could have been a challenge. So the menu is now going from roughly 8% of items being non-seafood to about 25% of the items being non-seafood. And what we've seen in test market is good guest satisfaction and guest count growth over that time period, and so we're very encouraged by what we see. But it is a big change, and that's why we've been evaluating it very carefully over a pretty extended time period.
Andrew H. Madsen: So starting with the media weight, the biggest drivers -- the 2 biggest drivers of the media weight increase in the first quarter was media inflation and then the addition of another flight of network cable advertising at LongHorn under their first promotion. For the rest of it, there was not a meaningful change. There was a modest change at Olive Garden and Red Lobster, driven largely by when the promotion started, but not as significant a change as at LongHorn. And as we look over the balance of the year, all the brands have strong media weight equal to or slightly above prior year. So we think we've got substantial media weight to deliver the news and the messaging that we need to going forward. But then back to Olive Garden, in August, there was -- as I said, when you look at the traffic and the same-restaurant sales number, there were a few things going on. So the industry did drop, our estimate, by probably about 1 point. Second thing, for the quarter, we think there was about a 100 basis point impact on traffic versus check related to ordering appetizers instead of an entrée. And that was, for the quarter, much higher in August than it was for the quarter because we introduced some new appetizers in July and you could see the menu mix change much more in August as a result. And then third, it's difficult to precisely determine the impact of a dollar increase in price of a promotion on traffic. We do know that higher prices by themselves are probably, over time, going to have a downward impact on traffic for some guests on some occasions. We might have seen some of that at Olive Garden in the month. But as we also said, we think that it was an appropriate move to make because we'd held that price for 5 years and the higher price is now going to put us in a position to do the things that we need to do more broadly over the next 3 quarters this year and into next year in terms of offering new promotional constructs that communicate everyday value more consistently.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, I mean, we have some beliefs, so you have to take them as a point of view on this, as opposed to factual. Well, there are some facts. So one of the facts is that chains are taking share from independents at a much more rapid rate in the steak category than in casual dining overall. And a lot of that has to do with the advantages that chains have when it comes to being able to offer the kind of cuts that they offer at prices really that independents find it difficult to match. We believe another part of it is that consumers are less inclined to have their steak occasions at home and put those occasions at risk, given how much steak costs. And so they're probably having more away-from-home steak occasions. So there's some shift going on there as well. So we think those are 2 big factors. And then yes, the final piece would be that the growing steak chains are all doing a very good job of delivering the experience, we think, led by LongHorn. But we think you've seen significant improvement operationally at Outback, and Texas Roadhouse and Logan's Roadhouse both do a good job as well.
Andrew H. Madsen: Most of the new menus that we've done in the last several years have been 3 or 4 new items to replace just to add news and variety, and we don't typically track a guest count lift directly with those new menu introductions. This core menu at Red Lobster is different. It's much more comprehensive, and it is having a bigger impact on the business. I don't think we want to talk about, specifically, the traffic lift that we saw in the test market at this stage, other than to say we did see traffic improvement and we did see improvement in sales and earnings overall.
Andrew H. Madsen: That's a big question. But what I would say is obviously, the launch weeks are a little bit stronger. But Endless is a great promotion for Red Lobster, great guest appeal, and so there shouldn't be a dramatic impact from there. But as you touched on, the menu introduction and how quickly that resonates with guests and that they come in and enjoy, that's probably going to be a bigger driving factor for second quarter same-restaurant sales performance at Red Lobster.
