Rick Cardenas: Thank you, Gene, and good morning, everyone. We had another good quarter with total sales growth of 3.5%, driven by 2.6% growth from the addition of 40 net new restaurants and same-restaurant sales growth of 0.9%. First quarter diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.38, an increase of 3% from last year's diluted net earnings per share. We paid $108 million in dividends and repurchased $95 million in shares, returning over $200 million to shareholders this quarter. Before I get into the detailed results from this quarter, I want to mention that we adopted the new accounting standard for leases at the beginning of this fiscal year. Consistent with the expectation discussed on last quarter's call, we estimate that this will negatively impact EPS by approximately $0.05 in fiscal 2020. However, the more meaningful impact was to our balance sheet, as you saw from this morning's press release. This quarter, we also updated our segment reporting. Beginning in fiscal 2020, our calculation of segment profit now excludes non-cash real estate related expenses and fiscal 2019 has been restated for comparability. This change allows for more consistent evaluation of our business across segments and fiscal periods. Now turning to our detailed margin results. Food and beverage costs were flat to last year, as pricing of 2% and continued cost savings initiatives offset commodity inflation of approximately 1.5% and continued investments. I'm impressed with restaurant labor being flat to last year, particularly in light of same-restaurant sales growth of 0.9%. Total labor inflation of 4% was offset by pricing, check mix and productivity improvements in new and existing restaurants. Restaurant expense was unfavorable 10 basis points due to deleverage, as our comp sales growth was below inflation. As a result, restaurant level EBITDA margin of 18.1% was 10 basis points unfavorable to last year. General and administrative expense was 50 basis points lower than last year and favorable mark-to-market expense, which is generally offset in the tax line, lower management incentive expense and sales leverage. Our Q1 effective tax rate of 9.8% was slightly below the range in our annual guidance. We still anticipate our effective tax rate to be between 10% and 11% for the fiscal year. Overall, I'm pleased with our performance this quarter and impressed with our strong EAT margin of 8.1%. Turning to our segment performance. Olive Garden grew sales and profit in the quarter, driven by positive same-restaurant sales and net new restaurant growth. Segment profit margin increased 40 basis points, by leveraging the same-restaurant sales growth and managing cost-effectively. LongHorn also grew sales and profit in the quarter, driven by positive same-restaurant sales and net new restaurant growth. Segment profit margin decreased slightly, due to elevated beef inflation and continued investments during the quarter. Fine Dining grew sales and profit in the quarter as well, driven by a positive same-restaurant sales and net new restaurant growth. Segment profit margin decreased because of higher pre-opening expense and inefficiencies related to three new restaurants. Sales for our Other Business segment grew 1.8%, driven by net new restaurants. Both segment profit dollars and margin decreased this quarter due to margin deleverage from negative same-restaurant sales growth in the quarter. As you saw in the press release, we reiterated all aspects of our fiscal 2020 outlook. Looking ahead at our second quarter performance, there are two things I would like to address before we open up the call for questions. Both of which are contemplated in our annual guidance. First, the timing of the Thanksgiving holiday this year, relative to last, is shifting from the second quarter, into the third quarter. Since we are closed in the majority of our restaurants on this day, this shift should positively impact Darden's second quarter same-restaurant sales, by approximately 80 to 100 basis points with a corresponding offset in the third quarter. Second, given a prolonged media coverage and the storms duration, Hurricane Dorian had a meaningful impact on the first two weeks of our fiscal second quarter. We are currently estimating a drag of 20 to 30 basis points to same-restaurant sales in the second quarter. And with that, we'll take your questions.
Rick Cardenas: Andrew, this is Rick. The price was 2.2%, I believe in the first quarter and that's just due to timing of pricing year-over-year. We still expect our price to be below 2%, which is our long-term goal to keep pricing below our inflation and below our competitors to increase our value perception in the marketplace, while still making great investments. So, yes, this was just a little bit of a timing anomaly for the quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Stephen, this is Rick again. Thanks for the question. As you said, yes, we have our loyalty program in about 7% of our restaurants and that -- across the nation. We're still monitoring that test. As we have said quite a few times, this is going to take a long time to understand the frequency driving nature of the loyalty program and how much we’d have to provide discounts to our most loyal consumers to come to us, versus other incentives for them to come. The test is going okay. It's going well, but we're not ready to pull the trigger on adding more restaurants. We're going nationally. And when we do, I am sure all of you will be to first to know. But, right now, we're kind of holding steady on our test. The fact that it's still out there, tells you that it's not going well, but we want to just make sure that it's the right thing to do in the long run, as part of what Gene says, our overall strategy of how do we market to our consumers.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Two things, I think, that will probably drive mix maybe a little bit above our target will be continued growth in catering and catering delivery and the addition of the $5 Take Homes. Those two things probably are going to drive that mix slightly above our long-term expectations. The $5 Take Home is a great value offering and it's something that we think is a real catalyst to continue to drive the off premise business, which should have a little bit more of a positive mix than what we want to try to do for a long-term.
Rick Cardenas: No. We're not going to talk about the second quarter impact. And we shifted some media; we moved things around, which is always going to move our comparisons somewhat. But I'll go back to my statement; this was something we think strategically needed to be done. And -- again, I would also add this also always shifts in our media spending, as we -- it's the only way you can really discern what is working and what is not working and what -- and where to put more weight against, whether it's promotion or lunch or value is that you have to change the media spend to learn. And so we shifted a little bit inside the quarter. I wouldn't get caught up in that I point back to a great two-year stack great our performance in the industry. We made a strategic -- a big strategic choice to separate the two value promotions that gives us more balance in our value messaging throughout the year, which is really important. Let's not get hung up on a week-to-week media shifts.
Gene Lee: I'm not -- we're not going to get that granular with our spending in Cheddar's. I would just say that we now have enough transactional data to look at some things in Cheddar's we haven't had the opportunity to do before. And one of the big insights is that our frequency in Cheddar's is higher than any other Darden brand. And we married that up with some of the research that we were doing, and we recognized that our awareness for this brand is extremely low. And our primary advertising had been more driven towards a frequency play. And we decided, once we have this insight during the quarter, we were pulling -- we pulled back from that type of activity, and now we're going go out and we're going to test and learn and understand how to best increase our awareness in markets. We also recognize the fact that it's going to be more important than ever in this environment to continue to build out our markets, develop our -- become more efficient in those markets from a media standpoint, and I would say more -- use more traditional media to increase our awareness to drive this business. And so, it was a really good quarter from that -- from an insight standpoint for us to really recognize, and we decided we were going to change direction and that's where we pulled back a little bit of the media spend during the quarter.
Gene Lee: No, it's just the fact that we actually now have the transactional data to be able to analyze and have that insight. That's why it's so important when we do an acquisition for us to put our systems in, so that we can get the data and then do our analysis.
Gene Lee: Yeah. Good morning, David. As I said in my prepared remarks, the backdrop appears to be very strong for the consumer. We have good wage growth. We have strong employment. Historically, that's been really good for us. As we look at the data and we when look at behaviors, when we look at confidence I have -- I personally believe that there's some uncertainty entering into the consumer, and it's impacting their confidence. How long? I’ve got to believe there with all the media attention around what's happening, how long does this continue -- this environment continue? So, there's nothing structural that we see that's changed out there other than there appears to be a little bit more uncertainty today than there was in the future. As far as what do we need to do? We need to continue to create compelling guest experiences and come up with -- and reinforce our value propositions. I do think that we have to think about how we're going to market in our smaller brands and how do we advertise those brands in different channels and become more effective and compete more effectively? I think that's an important change that we need to make in the upcoming quarters. I think we have the luxury of being patient and test and learn and really make great long-term decisions as we try to figure out how to support those brands and compete more effectively in this marketplace. We're pleased that we're heading into Never Ending Pasta Bowl in Olive Garden, it’s a great promotion for us. We had a lot of buzz around our Pasta Pass this year. And so, I think it's a good promotion going into this time of year and where the consumer’s at.
Gene Lee: Well, I guess, we reiterated our guidance today. We believe our same restaurant sales for the year will be somewhere between 1% and 2%.
Gene Lee: No. I really don't have a lot to add to your question. We’ve really not seen much from a geographic standpoint and there's really been no trend change to any of the weekday, weekday night, weekday lunch or a weekend business. I would say that, the trends have weakened in all areas of the business.
Gene Lee: I think, the biggest thing our teams are doing is, they’re taking friction out of the process. And, I think, we're getting -- it’s like anything else, repetition is a great thing. You continued to get better and better with it, as you do more business. So, I think LongHorn has made tremendous progress. We've seen their scores go up, their satisfaction scores go up. Olive Garden has really honed in on this process. They continue to find ways. Very, very impressed with the digital growth in both of those businesses. We think that's something to continue to look at. So to me, it's really about making that experience as compelling as we possibly can with great value, right. I think, it's -- and that's been our strategy is, to make sure that we have strong value on the off premise and not have the consumer be willing to come pick it up, versus it being delivered.
Gene Lee: No, Brett. No, we haven't seen any change at all. And -- when I look at the quarter -- let me put it back to look at the quarter. Let's think about what Olive Garden has done in the last two years. Even though the industry has weakened, I'm incredibly impressed that we've grown our business approximately 10% at Olive Garden with two-year comp that I think is extremely impressive. And so the industry and a lot of the comments that I made today about the industry decelerating, I look at our two large brands; I think they're competing very effectively. The gaps are very, very strong to the industry. So, I think we have a way to compete very effectively with these two brands and I'm excited. And yes, we watch the industry and we give you some insight to it, but our job and our leaders' jobs are to find a way to compete effectively in any environment and I think that's what our teams have done really well in this first quarter. 
Gene Lee: Where are people are going. John we are definitely seeing some strength in limited service both fast casual and quick-serve, there's no doubt about that. And you think about there is good income growth on the lower end of the curve and those folks seem to be trading or dining out a little bit more frequently. And I don't know where people are trading out of in casual when you look at a 10-year period, that's been a big question. I'm not sure we’ve had -- we as an industry, you have an answer. Again, we focused on our brands and we seem to be getting more than our fair share. The data that we're looking at is saying that large chains are still taking more share and they're taking that share from independence. Where you see independence and small regional change are in really what I would call the better, better trade areas, the higher income trade areas, where they are having an impact and I think performing well. But I think on a national scale, when you look at it, independence are still donating share and large brands continue to do better and take share from both smaller probably a little bit older brands and independents. As far as discounting, we're going to continue to use, whatever levers we can use to grow our business. When you look at -- when we look at incentives, we don't look at just as one piece. We have to look at our overall advertising program. What is going on from a television standpoint, what's going on from a digital and online, what are we doing from an incentive standpoint. We have multiple ways to put incentives out there. And so we have a lot of leverage that we can pull over time depending on the environment. And we will use those appropriately to drive our business in a profitable way. The one thing that, I think that we are proud of, and I'm very proud of our teams is that we continue to drive our business, while protecting our margins. And we continue to invest in our business, invest in quality, invest in food, invest in portion size, invest in our people, and we're able to do that in a way that has protected our margins. And as Rick talked about, our plus 8% EBIT margins are incredibly impressive in this environment. And so when we think about incentives, we think about it holistically and all that we're doing to build our brands over the long-term.
Gene Lee: No. We haven't -- we really haven't -- have any -- thoughts haven't evolved at all. We will acknowledge that the cost burden does appear to be shifting from the company to the consumer, and we are going to watch that closely. But I think -- I have a lot of concerns about that. This is still -- we're still -- it's all about value and how much of the overall experience are you willing to dedicate towards convenience? And so it's something to watch. It's definitely a shift that we internally predicted that would happen. And we'll watch it, but I want to pivot back to what I said earlier, our job is to create a compelling off-premise experience right now that -- with so much value that consumer is willing to come and get it. That seems to be working for us and we're going to continue to focus on that.
Gene Lee: No, I think they're similar, but different. And so there are different types of value offering and our team will continue to reenergize Buy One Take One, it's an important part of our value proposition. And if it's done right, it will continue to support the $5 take-home. It shouldn't be a cannibalistic thing. It should -- it really should support it and move it after you run Buy One Take One that should be the springboard for a $5 take-home for the rest of the year and you can reenergize the promotion each year. So, that's how we're thinking about that. So, it should be additive not -- it shouldn't be dilutive at all.
Gene Lee: Well, it's an interesting concept John. As you think about the smaller brands, we've been reluctant to really add a lot of marketing costs to these businesses. They are unique; they've got great strong value propositions. But I think in this environment, I think we finally come to grips with that we're probably going to have to spend a little bit more money and become -- and try to find which channels in the digital environment can work best for them. I think there's not one channel that would work across all our small brands. And so each of them are so unique, we have to figure out what's the best way to talk to the consumer. As far as off-premise, our third-party delivery for the smaller brands, I really don't see that as upside. We do have one of our tests in the majority of the Yard House's. We are using a provider. Just think about where Yard House is located. It's embedded in a lifestyle center with no parking and so it's more difficult even for the last-mile provider to get in there and pick up the food. So, it's not a big part of the business. So, I don't really think about that as a way to grow the business. I think that, we need to make really good long-term decisions. We've been able to protect our margins in these businesses. We've got to continue to innovate and make them attractive. We also have to recognize -- there's a lot of volatility in these businesses. And it goes back to -- if you open an another restaurant that looks like you are in the same development. It's going to have a one year impact on the comps. And we have that once in a while. These are great brands. We're going to, obviously, try to compete a little differently as we go forward. I wouldn't look for a big change here in the next couple of quarters because we're going to test and learn and we're going to do it responsively. These are strong business models and I'm not going to put the brands on sale to get a headline number. We're going to protect the overall business for the long-term.
Gene Lee: I mean as it stands today, I think, our position is exactly the same as it was the past couple of quarters that Olive Garden continues to perform extremely well, in over 300 basis points gap to the industry. We'll continue to look at each promotion, and what kind of support that promotion needs, depending what we're doing from a television standpoint. I do think that the analyst community and investor community is looking at things too much in isolation. And you don't have the whole picture of what's happening from overall media spend. And because we run a TBI or a TBI test, you read into a situation that things must be bad. I think that's not the way to look -- to analyze our business. It's just one of many levers that we have to pull to support our business. And right now I think, we're looking at the Olive Garden business as being competing extremely well in the environment.
Gene Lee: Well, that's a two-part question. I think where are we on Cheddar's? I think today, I'm more optimistic than I've ever been. I think, as I acknowledge in my opening comments there’s still a ton of work to do there. This is a high volume complex operation that has some operational challenges that aren't systemic. Where we have strong leadership and great human resource metrics, we're running great businesses. We have to stabilize some of these other businesses and start with getting that right General Manager in place, managing partner and then building a great team. So, I think that, I'm very encouraged; the HR metrics are really starting to improve. I'm encouraged that our operation metrics are improving. I'm encouraged that our controls are better today than ever. I'm encouraged that our restaurant is staffed. And I'm encouraged with the new insight that we've really uncovered that we've got a real awareness problem. And an awareness problem is with people within 10 miles of our restaurants. So I'm encouraged that we can solve that. But we're going to solve these problems for the long-term. We’re going to build a strong foundation and we're going to do it right. This represents less than 8% of our overall business and I'm really resolute in the fact that I want to fix this and fix it right for the long-term. I think this is still a huge opportunity. And as much urgency as I'm putting behind it, I'm more concerned about doing it right. As far as M&A activity, I use a standard statement. But the management and the board are going to continue to look at opportunities to add to our portfolio when it's appropriate. And I really have no further comment on that at this point in time.
Gene Lee: Yeah. First of all, let's look at the magnitude of the negative traffic. I mean half of the negative traffic that we reported last month is just due to catering delivery. And that piece of the off premise business grows -- we're not giving ourselves any guest counts for that. We're not doing that for multiple reasons. And we could go ahead and change our methodology and have positive traffic if we chose to do that. I think that when we look at traffic and we look at the overall business, there are going to be times that there's traffic available to you and it's worth driving. There are other times when you look at the business, and you say, I'm okay with losing 10, or 15, 20 guests a week and being able to protect our business model. And so, I don't think you can just have, let's do everything we can to grow traffic, or let's do everything we can to protect our business model. I think it all has to be done in balance. And I think our management teams and this leadership team have done an outstanding job over the last four years of really balancing these efforts.
Gene Lee: Yeah. The $5 Take Home is an off premise transaction. And as far as Cheddar's goes, I mean, we're out there testing and learning with different digital vehicles to see and other traditional media to see what we can -- what kind of awareness we can generate with that. So we're out there at a small scale and we'll continue to increase that scale as we learn.
Gene Lee: Good question, Peter. Guest satisfaction scores are increasing across the board as we've improved management, employee staffing and there is still opportunity there and I would say that the virgins, the differential between the better operating stores and the one for challenges is still too great and we've got to close that gap down. As far as turnover, the metrics are still outside Darden norms, but they are inside industry norms for the first time, which is I think is a really good trend. And it's going to take us a while to get them -- hopefully get them to Darden norms, but they are on their way and again inside industry trends at this point in time.
Gene Lee: Well, I think that, I think it's a combination of both. I think that's what I was trying to allude to in the comment was that, the industry was facing some tougher comparison, but I think you all talked about that is that overall industry comparisons were little bit more difficult. But I think, what I was trying to get at is, we were surprised that it went all the way to negative. We thought that our view was to the industry would stay positive in this environment. It may not -- the growth rate would've come back just like, if you look at GDP growth, it's still strong, but it has decelerated. So, we were just I think a little surprised that the industry went all the way back to negative.
Gene Lee: Only the timeframe has changed. I think we've been pretty consistent with our talking point around that is the biggest thing for a new unit ramp-up growth would be human resources and I'm not so sure that I haven't said that we won that battle yet. And so, every time you open a new restaurant, you make that investment, you got to have a great managing partner. And I don't think that we're there at that point yet that we can ramp-up growth. We're still doing five or six a year, which is the right number at this point in time. And I want -- I really want to see the management depth continue to build. And then when you get to that point that's when you can start to ramp-up growth. But I don't think that's -- we haven't given a timeline to that and I'm going to give a timeline today. I'm focused on really, really getting great managing partners in these restaurants. And I know when we do that our likelihood of success increases dramatically.
