Gene Lee: Thanks, Kevin and good morning everyone. We had another strong quarter. Total sales from continuing operations were $1.93 billion, an increase of 8.1%. Same restaurant sales grew 3.3%, outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden by 480 basis points. Adjusted operating income grew 10% and adjusted diluted net earnings per share were $1.18, an increase of 7.3% from last year's adjusted diluted net earnings per share. The momentum we experienced as a result of our back to basics operating philosophy. Our focus on food, service and atmosphere drives our simplification efforts. These efforts continue to enable us to improve execution on our restaurants and strengthen team member engagement, as evidenced by our industry leading retention rates. The fact that our guest satisfaction scores are at all time highs, while we are growing guest count is a clear indication that we're improving operationally. Olive Garden momentum continued during the quarter. Same restaurant sales grew 4.4%, outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden by 590 basis points. This was Olive Garden's 11th consecutive quarter same restaurant sales growth, driven by our focus on flawless execution, which lead to all-time high guest satisfaction scores, compelling promotional offers like our giant stuffed pastas that resonated with our guests and our strong To Go performance which grew 16%. The numerous investments the Olive Garden team has made over time, such as our remodels and bar refreshes, new kitchen equipment and the technology platform behind Olive Garden To Go, continues to pay off. The team is making meaningful strategic decisions where both our guests and our team members win. Longhorn Steakhouse's same restaurant sales grew 3.5%, the 17th consecutive quarter of growth outperforming the industry benchmarks, excluding Darden by 500 basis points. We are seeing the brand's long term strategy to begin to pay off. The team continues to focus on improving the quality of the guest experience by investing in food quality and service execution, simplifying operations, and leveraging our unique culture to increase team member engagement. These efforts drove increased guest count of 2.1% during the quarter, and our guest feedback has never been better. Turning to Cheddar's, we closed the acquisition on April 24th, and same restaurant sales were up 1.3% for the five weeks that we owned the brand. I continue to be impressed with Ian Baines and his team. They're focused on the right things to drive the business. We are well underway integrating Cheddar's into the Darden platform so they can benefit from our competitive advantages, while ensuring the restaurant teams maintain their high levels of in-restaurant execution. Although, it's a complicated process, everything is progressing as planned. The integration includes bringing Cheddar's on to a proprietary POS system, which is the backbone of our platform, and that will take approximately a year to complete. Once this foundational element is finished, we will be able to introduce our productivity tools, which we expect to have further improved performance. Cheddar's is an exciting addition to our portfolio, which we believe will add significant value to Darden over the long-term. Now, I'll turn it over to Rick.
Gene Lee: Thanks, Rick. Looking back at fiscal 2017, I am proud of the progress we’ve made to achieve our mission, which is to be financially successful through great people consistently delivering outstanding food, drinks and service and inviting atmosphere making every guest loyal. Our results demonstrate that the execution of our strategy is working. We continue to build guest loyalty and take market share by executing against our back to basics operating philosophy. And we continue to strengthen and leverage Darden's core competitive advantages to enable sales growth and expand margins across the portfolio. Ultimately, it's more than 175,000 team members who bring to life our strategy and fulfill our mission. The teams in our restaurants and our restaurant support center are engaged and focused on the right priorities, and I'm proud of what we've accomplished this past year. And so I want to close by saying thank you to all of them, especially our newest team members from Cheddar's. We recognize there's more work to be done, but I'm confident that we have the right people in place and we will continue to win by building loyalty, one restaurant, one ship, one guest at a time. And with that, we'll take your questions.
Gene Lee: Good morning Matt, that's a lot of question in there. Let me just answer the Cheddar's, I'm going to go backwards. And Cheddar's is about 4% to 5% takeout. It's something that, again I think that the consumer's demanding. And so therefore, we're going to use some of our learnings from Olive Garden and pass that along to that management team, and hopefully that will be a driver of that business going into the future. Let's go to Olive Garden, takeout remains strong; we got a three year comp of about 58%; we're about 12.5% of total sales; the consumer's still demanding convenience. And if you step back and say okay where do we make the strategic choice, it was three or four years ago, let's say, we were going to bet on the consumer wanting more convenience in their dining experiences, and we built a strategy to go after that. I don't believe that if a consumer is going to back off at all, and the consumer's going to continue to demand this from us. And we'll continue to meet them, meet that demand, and I foresee growth continuing. We think the upside still is in our catering, our large party delivery. I'm not going to get into specifics about that, but we believe that we've got a product that is differentiated compared to our competitive set, and we think there's some big upside growth there. Lastly, on the third party delivery, just as we were last quarter, we're in test with multiple purveyors delivering our product. We're trying to see how this whole thing plays out, but I think that the majority of our focus in Olive Garden is still large party delivery and large party takeout. I would think that's where our competitive advantage is.
Gene Lee: Well, I think there is couple of things. Let's not forget that we’ve had a later Easter this year. We did have a calendar benefit in the quarter, difficult for us to quantify because this isn't like holiday moving from one week to the other. So we did have some benefit with the calendar, but I believe the real driver of this is the strategic choices that we continue to make. We continued underpriced inflation, which results in underpricing our competitors. And I believe that we're now at three years into improving our operations every single-day. Don’t underestimate how simplifying our business has helped us improve execution. When we look at both Olive Garden and LongHorn where they were three years ago operationally to where we are today, these businesses are much simpler on a trajectory to continue to get even more simpler and we believe that's the key to our guest count growth is better execution through simplicity.
Gene Lee: Let me start with the first question. I think when I think about our comp guidance and we’re forecasting into the future and pretty far out in the future, at this point in time and what gives you yearly number. And there are just a lot of unknowns. Our plan is to under price inflation again with the goal of increasing market share. So we’re going to rely less on check average to get same restaurant sales growth. And so when we look that far out, we're thinking 1% to 2% is a good place to start. It has nothing to do with how we feel about our current trends. We’re just trying to forecast out for 12 months. So we feel that’s a prudent guidance at this point in time with everything that we know. And as we get closer towards the end of the year, as we have in the past, we’ll continue to update that guidance. As far as the portfolio and rest of our brands, couple of comments later Easter hurts fine dining and so capital grow was impacted by that. When I look at- - I look at their rest of our brands, the returns on invested capital, the profit margins in those brands are really strong. If we try to measure every brand up against Olive Garden from a return standpoint that’s just not possible, I mean Olive Garden is a once in a lifetime restaurant brand. I look at our performance throughout the quarter. Yard House was $8.3 million or $8.3 million average unit volumes, same restaurant sales are going to continue -- always going to be hard to get as we continue to add new units and build that out. It's an incredible brand we want own that. Bahama Breeze has had seven years of same restaurant sales growth, 1.4% in the quarter. Bahama Breeze would start significantly as some other competitors were with the weather in the north east and loosing -- we lose a lot of our debt capacity, which in some of our restaurants in north east is 30% capacity. And so I also think when we look at how we think about this and we look at our advantages of scale and gotten insides. These brands can add to that and they’re getting incredible leverage of the Darden platform. These are great brands and they provide us a lot of growth and lot of opportunities. As far as accelerating Cheddar's growth, I think it's -- what we’ll have to wait and see and understand is; we’re their human resource capabilities; we’ll be able to trying sites for them, it's just a matter of when do they have the human resources to be able to ramp up growth; and we need to really spend the next 12 to 18 months focusing on integration. This is our fourth one. We understand the importance of getting the integration correct and then try to grow once we have done that. So our focus here in the next 18 months is to get this integration completed correctly and build human resource capabilities, so we can grow this brand. This is a powerful brand. It's doing 6,300 guests a week. There is no one out there in casual dining doing that kind of volume. This is exciting for us.
Gene Lee: I would say a couple of comments on the industry. I still say there is pockets that there’s some real strength, there is some pockets where there is some weakness. We’re still seeing an upscale where we used in. You’re seeing real weakness in New York City, which has had a little bit of impact on capital growth. But overall, I haven't seen a whole lot of change in the competitive landscape. The consumer in our view is not as reactionary to short term incentives, they come in and eat. They're looking for everyday value, and that's something that we continue to promote. If you look at our promotions, they've been actually a little bit higher priced than they have been historically. We're using other ways to get at the value consumer, so that I have nothing new to report on the environment. Again, if you look at the indexes, because of the calendar -- a little bit because of the calendar swing you had some more strength in our fourth quarter versus where we were in our third quarter. Labor, we continue to see some pretty good inflationary pressure. We're thrilled that we're able to think or actually improve our retention rates right now; our team members are staying with us; they're engaged, but there is some inflation; there's 3% to 4% wage inflation in our labor number, right now; we're able to offset some of that with productivity enhancements. But labor continues to be something that we're focused on. And lastly, the question on Amazon, the only way Amazon's in our world right now is through Amazon Prime delivery; we have a test going with them; we'll continue to partner with them and see if we can make that work; we constantly sit around here thinking about how does Amazon have an impact on our business. Our research tells us that guests still want to come to restaurants. Believe it or not, millennials still want to come to restaurants. I know you all don't think millennials go to casual dining restaurants, but 30% of all of our guests are millennials versus the 24% -- they're 24% of the population, so we over index. Cheddar's really over indexes with millennials as does Olive Garden. People still want to come to restaurants and have that experience. And we just got to provide them the right experience and the right value. And I think that's what we're doing at all our brands today and that's why we continue to win.
Gene Lee: No, I mean I haven't been a believer in that philosophy from the get-go that the deflation in grocery stores has impacted the restaurant business. I mean we have, we just haven't seen that correlation. And when we look at the industry data, we have a few grocery people in our ranks now that know a little bit about that business. I'm just not a believer in that thought. And so I think it’s imperative for us to keep our value equation in line with what the consumers' expectation is. And if you look at -- I think go back and look at Olive Garden's menu today, I mean four years ago we didn't have a $999 price point, I think we have soup, salad and bread sticks. Today, we have all-day Cucina Mia at $999; we have Lunch Duos starting at $699; we have the Early Dinner Duos staring at $899. You look at the face of our lunch menu and you don’t see a whole lot over $999. And I think that’s what -- I think we got to continue to find ways to take cost out of the business so that we can keep our value equation in line with what the consumer wants.
Gene Lee: Yes, sites aren't a problem, okay. We can find the sites. We could give Cheddar's 30 sites tomorrow with our systems and what we have. And if you look at the Cheddar's footprint, it reminds me a lot of like the Texas Roadhouse footprint where they’re in second third tier suburban type areas, I mean those sites are a lot easier to get and trying to get a Yard House site. The sites aren’t the problem here. When you look at their history, they had a rapid growth period where they outran or outgrew their human resources. I keep come back to this. And we continue to learn this lesson sometimes the hard way and we learned it with seasons. We outgrew our human resources and we paid a price for that. Before Cheddar's can grow, we need to ensure that they're culturally strong with a strong bench of general managers who can run these recipes, high volume complicated restaurants. And it's going to be a purely when management tells us that they have the human resources to go, we will stock the pipeline and they can open as many restaurants if they have the human resources to do. I'm committed to not force this management team to get out ahead of itself. I've learned this lesson over last 20 years too many times. I'm not going to learn it again. We're going to only open restaurants that we have great management to open these restaurants. And they’re, at this point in time, they're still recovering from that fast growth phase. Ian's only been in for a little around two years, and he is incredibly focused on building that. Now, can we use some of our resources in our vast pool of restaurants to go over and maybe help them, yes. But you still have cultural challenges that people have to understand that Cheddar's culture before they can go in and run one of these businesses. We can't just transform from one of our other restaurant to say, hey go run this 6,500 guest count restaurant that's got a much lower check average and different employment phase started out. And so work to be done here, but sites will not be a problem at all. I mean right now I'm just holding back our Chief Development Officer to say we have people, we'll let you know.
Gene Lee: Greg, I can tell you about a lot of competitive advantages but let me start with the backbone, which our POS. Because we own and operate our own POS and we develop all of the things we can pull all the data and keep all of the data and match that to check level information, match that to demographic information match that to even operational information. So we’re able to find out who the best people to run a shift are based on all of the data that we have. And an ancillary benefit of moving them to our backbone is we don’t have to pay for the POS, I mean that's something that we've developed overtime and it's now spread across Cheddar's as well. So I can probably name of many when we any of -- on a one-on-one call, we can talk about them, we've talked them before. I'll give you a couple of more; labor management, when we put them on our labor management system it's not just a scheduling tools it's a management tool; how do you manage labor; how do you manage in and out times; how do you manage breaks, et cetera. And those are the things that we've built overtime that other people try to copy and it's hard to do.
Gene Lee: We start to really improve was probably about 18 months ago, they were improving but it was more of trajectory. And then since we've introduced Ziosk we’ve seen -- that's really been a better way to measure if we’re getting real feedback from a lot more guests. The key here is simplification. We’ve made these restaurants easier for our managers to run and easier to execute the food where we’ve brought the menus in a little bit. And one of the keys as you design menus is to be able to move a lot of products, you develop reputation. And so you focus the demand in on fewer items, you become better at delivering them, and you are much faster. And simplification has been the key and I have been saying after three years. We’re not done yet, we still think we can make these operations simpler. It's going to take a while because there are ramifications from a profitability standpoint as you simplify. The smaller the menu the less stuff you sale. But we have to try to figure that out. But I am confident that it’s a simplification of the operation that’s driving guest satisfaction.
Gene Lee: It's too early in this conversation. I think that it's something that we could consider down the road. But there is no way from a technology standpoint that we could support that implementation right now. And as Rick talked about, a lot of things that we’re doing to bring Cheddar’s up to speed and get on our platform means that there is other work to support our other businesses that aren’t getting done this year, they’re getting pushed back a little bit. And so right now it's just a matter of technological resources. Do I think Ziosk could be a good option Cheddar’s down the road, yes. But it's not in the immediate future. We don’t have the work, the capabilities, to do that.
Gene Lee: Jeff, the only thing I would say, I'm not going to comment on what I think our competitors are doing. I would say that we have some large competitors out there that are donating significant share. And we're stealing, I would say, we're stealing that share because I think that we've got a more compelling offer; Olive Garden is really after that value consumer; Longhorn is pivoted, I think appropriately and put a lot of the quality back into the product, and that seems to be resonating with their guests. And so I know it's not fancy or sexy, but it really comes down to just pure execution and those who continue to execute at highest level continue to win. And you got to have a promise that consumer wants. And I think that's where we really focused and we delivered against that. And I go back to -- I think our team members are more engaged than ever; I think our value is stronger than ever; and I think that our guest experiences continue to improve; and all our research tells us that. And so we just need to stay on our plan, which is to under price inflation, take cost out of the business to cover that, and win market share each and every year. And I think that's the plan we started off on three years ago and we've executed against that.
Gene Lee: Well, I think you've highlighted some strengths of the Cheddar's brand where it's not a brand that we put. Historically, they put in a tier 1 trade area sit in front of a mall, the use of always been a little bit off more in a second or third tier trade area in a city or town. They've been very good on what they’re willing to pay for real-estate, and so I do think that this brand does view to a lower demographic. And therefore, you’re not going to really find a lot of Cheddar's and LongHorn's in the same trade area. They might overlap with an Olive Garden, but we've got a different target with Cheddar's. And I think this gives us the opportunity to take advantage of real-estate that some of our other brands can't utilize today. And you’re looking at a real-estate site, you’re not deciding between Cheddar's and Yard House. Those are two totally different sites. And so I think you’re right on. We can continue to use this brand differently than we've used our other brands.
Gene Lee: Andy, first question about labor and do we have enough cost saves or enough productivity enhancements, we still believe we have productivity enhancements to help keep our labor reasonably flat year-over-year as even with the pricing a little bit below inflation. But it's still pricing it will help us cover some of that labor. In regards to Cheddar's and their margin, I don’t want to get into too much detail on the individual margin line items. But I will tell you, their EBITDA is about restaurant level of 17%, which is essentially the way we calculate segment profit. Yes, they have a little bit more production in their restaurants because they’re a scratch kitchen, so you would expect labor would be a little higher than what our normal brands are. You would expect cost of sales to be little bit lower. But if you think about their overall margins at 17%, still strong in the industry, maybe not strong compared to Olive Garden, which is hard and top and they will be in our other segment. And so because of that and because of the competitive reasons, we don’t want to get into too much more detail about the individual line items.
Gene Lee: That is an all-in number, 10 basis points to 40 basis points includes bringing Cheddar's in and their actual decline in total margin across Darden. So without Cheddar’s, the margin expansion would have been higher than what we’re going to show. But we’re still 10 to 40 basis points with Cheddar’s added to the mix.
Gene Lee: It's pretty close. It's just a 50-50, so probably 50% of them are going to hit at the restaurant level and 50% at the G&A level. Now, not all of the synergies are going to accrue to Cheddar’s, there will be some of those synergies in the G&A. For example that will accrue to the rest of the brands as well but about 50% of our total synergies will be in G&A and about 50% restaurant level, which actually demonstrates the power of the Darden platform and how much we can go out and purchase at a lower rate than others. So Cheddar’s actually had a really good supply chain team. They did great purchasing and we’re still able to find significant synergies bringing them into our system.
Gene Lee: The CapEx, the difference is basically Cheddar’s. In the first guidance we gave, back in March, we didn’t have Cheddar’s in the guidance and now we’re including Cheddar’s. So when you add their restaurants and you add their maintenance CapEx, you’re talking about $40 million to $50 million and that’s really the difference.
Gene Lee: John, I can't isolate Macy’s or J. C. Penny closing, or Sears and having an impact on any of our businesses at this point in time.
Gene Lee: I think demand for casuals is about the same. I mean we’re growing a little faster than population growth, the last numbers I saw from Crest. Where we're seeing growth in more in the upscale; the cycle is getting a little lengthy here and everybody that's got a little bit of money wants to be in the Ssteakhouse of the upscale business. So we are seeing some local growth in upscale restaurants, but that has a way of washing itself out over time.
Gene Lee: No change to the industry. We're assuming that it's basically been doing what it’s been doing the last 12 months.
Gene Lee: Yes, I think the way to think about Cheddar's isn't the absolute margin for each restaurant. This is a total growth story. And to me it's about overtime -- we're just a brand in upward totals, total sales and total margins. And if our goal was just to try to maximize these restaurant margins, we'd never open another restaurant. And so we're too early in the game to determine what we think the long term target of these margins are. We know this is going to be a value player. We see this as a way to really put pressure on the industry and keep pricing down, and we will. In short term, if we have to, we'll sacrifice margin to do that, to grow this business. So give us a little bit more time to understand this business in more detail, understand as they plug into our platform what the real opportunities are and then we'll talk about what the margin potential is later. But you have to remember, if you’re going to try to grow a brand and make it a mass brand, you got to have a legitimate restaurant level margin target for you to be able to keep the value equation where you want to keep it and continue to grow sales. And we look at Cheddar's and we look at the returns on new restaurants, even at the current margin level. And we're excited about that. We’re excited about the value we’ll create for our shareholders by building these restaurants, and trying to maximize the margins on the existing base. It’s a onetime bump for that. Real shareholder value is going to come from us being able to grow this brand and get great returns on our invested capital. And we believe that's a huge opportunity for us with this brand.
Rick Cardenas: What we've said in the past and we’ll just reiterate here is we expect to take pricing in between 1% to 2% a year. We usually try to get on the on the lower end of that range, probably the same thing next year so probably the lower end of that.
Rick Cardenas: Well, I think that's a very good question, David. And Cheddar's is underpenetrated in its markets today. And they've historically been really concerned about cannibalization. We don’t believe that's the right thought process. We believe in relative market share as a way to drive overall profitability. So we will continue -- as we grow this, we think we’re going to backfill our markets, the gains from efficiencies. And so I don’t know whether the play here is to see average unit volumes go up or is it really an total sales play and to improve overall profitability with better relative market share inside the market. Now with that said, top cortile restaurants are at $7.5 million -- $5.5 million. And so as you think about, there is capacity but I'm not going to be afraid of cannibalization, I mean for me it's the same argument. We have 500 Olive Garden's, we were doing -- our average unit volumes were higher, but our total sales were a lot less. And I think about this as total sales for the brand and overall total profitability. And I would urge everybody not to focus on what the average unit volumes are. My guess is the system they’re going to come down overtime, because we don’t need a new investment to do $4.5 million to get a great return on invested capital. And so we’ll continue to build these things out just as we do with Olive Garden, volumes had to come down to get to almost $4 billion in sales.
Rick Cardenas: John, you’re not missing anything else. One of the things is we are going to be pricing below our inflationary impacts. And so we’re doing this for the long run. As Gene mentioned, we’re going to leverage Darden's advantages, leverage Darden's scale the price below, inflation in our competition to grow market share overtime. So next year, yes, we’ll be in the higher single digit without Cheddars. But I don’t think you can look at it just without Cheddar’s. One of the reasons we bought Cheddar’s is to continue to grow. And so taking Cheddar’s out of the mix probably isn’t the way to look at it. That said, yes, without Cheddar’s we’re close to the high single digits. And share count is a lot higher than you guys would have had in your models for a couple of reasons; one, as you saw, we ended the year with 127 million shares roughly; even our average share count for the year was 126 million. And so one of the thing that’s happening to us next year is the change in stock comp accounting is going to add another half million shares to our share count, will be offset by our share buyback. So that’s why our share count is higher than what your model says. We’ll continue to be opportunistic in our share repurchase, but we have between 100 million and 200 million in share repurchases in the plan next year.
Rick Cardenas: The POS is the backbone, John. It really gives us the data and insights that we need to end up driving the business long term. The productivity tools labor, food cost management, all those -- what I call the productivity tools, will be added after we get the POS system. And we have to install the POS system to do that. Also, to grow productivity we’ll increase because we’ll be able to do online ordering. And so we know from doing these in the past, we’ve got to get the POS system and then we can plug then into the rest of the Darden productivity tools to help run the business. We look at under-comping our business that’s still beating the industry by 300 basis points. We’5re still doing 6,400 -- 6300 guests a week. There is still a lot for us to learn on what's the right balance between guest counts and price. We have to really lay out what the long term strategy is to maximize the brand. I wouldn’t be concerned about the comp level, at this point. This thing is powerful. We’re probably six to nine months away from fully realizing everything we have with this brand and what's the best strategy going forward.
Rick Cardenas: Greg, it's not as simple as the comping above 2% or below 2%, because we do have some cost saves that we have identified. But we're not to announce how much they are, because normally when we talk about cost saves, we say this is going to be the net P&L impact of them. What we’re doing now with our cost saves is we’re going to continue to invest in pricing below our inflation and pricing below our competition. So that's one of the investments that we’re doing with these cost saves. We're also going to invest in quality, enhancing quality like we've done with LongHorn and Olive Garden, continue these investments to drive market share in the future. That said, what we have mention in our long-term frame work in the past is we still expect to be within our long-term framework of EBIT expansion year-over-year. So our long-term trend will be 10 basis points to 40 basis points. We expect to be in that even with pricing at the below inflation line.
Rick Cardenas: We still believe we’re going to get them. We have restaurants already over 1 million and takeout. And we continue to look at our processes and procedures, maybe even dedicating little bit more stake internally to be able to fulfill this demand. On the takeout -- on the delivery, we’re focused on -- right now, we're focused on large party delivery. We see the opportunity there versus moving $10 meal here and $10 mean there. We can do a large party with an average check of approximately $300 that's where we need to focus, and that's what we decided the opportunity is.
Rick Cardenas: Let's start with what we said our long term guidance is. Our long term framework is 10% to 15% total shareholder return. We did say that’s over the long run, and there will be years it will be above that and below that. That said, the biggest reason that our TSR the way we’re talking about it the implied TSR is at 11.9% to 15%, which is what our guidance would imply is because our share count is diluting because of stock comp and other things. If you go and you look at our guidance and the way we’ve implied our sales growth and our margin expansion, you can back into an e-growth that is above our long term framework. And so remember, e-growth is part of that TSR and e-growth is above our long term framework if you do the math you can figure that out. The only reason that we have TSR at the lower end or within our framework is because of the share count dilution that we have for one year. One more point on share count. Every year, our share count has declined year-over-year at the end of the year. The only reason it’s changing next year is because we bought most of our shares early this year. We're assuming that we're going to buy them evenly throughout next year and because of the change in accounting rules for stock comp that automatically adds close to 0.5 million shares at the beginning of the year, which will be there for the whole year.
Rick Cardenas: We're in the middle of integration with Cheddar's. And actually we're really in the middle of two integrations, because Cheddar's bought their largest franchisee, Greer in January. So we're really doing two and we'd rather not have to do three. So we'll keep being a great franchisor to these franchisees and let us get through this integration before we start talking about what we do with the 25.
