Clarence Otis: Thank you, Matthew. From a same-restaurant sales prospective, this was a difficult quarter for the restaurant industry generally, in casual dining in particular, and obviously, was a difficult quarter for us. This summer's sharp spike down in comparable sales within casual dining follows, I think we all know, were some pronounced spikes up and down this past winter and spring. And so we've concluded that as the sluggish and uneven economic recovery we've been experiencing for some time now persists, we can expect appreciably greater sales volatility in our industry. And it's important for us to be appropriately prepared for that because with the changes that we're making at our 2 largest brands, that volatility is amplified here at Darden. And so as a result of that, we've taken steps that will reduce our operating support spending by $50 million a year on an ongoing basis beginning next year, or fiscal 2015. For this year, fiscal 2014, the reduction will be approximately $25 million, and that will be offset by approximately $10 million of upfront costs to implement the plan. And the plan does involve the elimination of a meaningful number of support positions, about 85. And out of respect for the people who are affected most directly, we won't get into a great deal of detail about what it entails. What's important is that these actions provide us with the financial flexibility in the face of heightened volatility to do 2 things we need to do to regain operating momentum: invest in providing affordability to those guests who need more affordability and invest in refining our offers in ways that are responsive to guests who are more focused on other attributes of their dining experiences. And with that, let me turn it over to Brad to provide some financial detail about the first quarter.
Clarence Otis: Thanks, Gene. Now with the difficult actions we announced today and the steps we're taking to build same-restaurant traffic and sales momentum at our 2 large brands to complement same-restaurant and new restaurant growth at LongHorn Steakhouse and the Specialty Restaurant Group, we continue to believe our near-term earnings targets are reasonable, despite a much more challenging environment than we anticipated back in June. As Brad said however, that does depend on some improvement from what were unusually weak industry conditions in the first quarter. What's most important, though, from our perspective is sustained success. And that is our focus. An intense focus on sustained success is what enabled us to help pioneer our industry, it's what has helped us significantly widen our competitive gap to others in the industry over the past 10 years when it comes to both absolute sales per year and absolute cash flow per year, and it's the driving force as we take the step that we're taking today; steps that we believe will enable us to maintain a strong leadership position in our industry for years to come. Two final comments. First, the action we announced today has been taken with considerable thought for our colleagues and friends who are moving on to other opportunities. We certainly wish them well. And given the company's long-standing values, we will support their transitions in a way that reflects their well-appreciated contributions to this organization. Second, we also announced that after a long and successful career at Darden that culminated in his serving as our President and Chief Operating Officer for the past 9 years, Drew has announced that he's retiring from the company. And what a 9 years it's been. While the past year has had its challenges, Drew has helped build Darden into the clear industry leader. Over those 9 years, we've increased our restaurant base by 71%, our revenues have grown 79%, our earnings per share have doubled, and our total shareholder return's been more than 110%. But I know that from Drew's perspective, what's most important is that he's help make Darden a special place to be, one that has consistently strong employee engagement. And strong engagement is what's enabled Darden to be named one of FORTUNE's 100 place -- best places to work for 3 consecutive years, and we appreciate what Drew has done to get the company to this point. With that, we'll take your questions. So let's get started.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say on the program side, we are talking about a number of different initiatives across several functions that we think are value-added initiatives but lower priority than some of the other things that we need to focus on. And so that spans marketing and it also includes some of the things that we've been doing on the supply chain side. So it touches a lot of different places, but it adds up to a meaningful part of that total, that $50 million. I would say that with the cuts that we made, we're pretty comfortable that $50 million, on an ongoing basis, is a reduction. There is the possibility it could be somewhat higher than that, but that's the number we're comfortable with right now. And with that number, we still are able to make the investments that we need to make beyond affordability. And so we are investing in a number of things that we think we need to invest in to stay relevant to our guests as their lifestyles change. And so we're continuing to invest in making our technology platform more robust, for example, so we can better engage with our customers on a -- or from a digital perspective. It also sets up, we think, our opportunity to do a much more segmented, targeted, one-on-one marketing with our customers. And ultimately, hopefully, that will allow us to scale back our broadcast media spend.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say, as we look at the industry, it was a surprisingly weak summer, given the macro numbers, where we didn't see dramatic change in the economic macro numbers. I mean, still anemic growth, but nevertheless growth. Same thing at the beginning of the year from a macro perspective. But if you look back to the beginning of this calendar year, we've seen some pretty -- more pronounced volatility than we've been seeing before. So some pretty big downward spikes, February comes to mind, followed by some reasonably big up spikes and then we saw the down spike this summer. So as this sluggishness persists, we're getting amplified volatility and hard to say why. I mean, there's been a lot of speculation that consumers have deferred some big ticket expenditures on auto, on appliances, some other things. And as they are forced sort of 6, 7 years into this to replace those, with relatively flat budgets, they've got to do some more disciplined budgeting and dining out is one of the things that may be paying a price for that. We suspect there's some truth to that. And so all of that says that for a lot of consumers, I mean, we're on the right track and really trying to make sure that we provide them with the affordability that they need because they need affordability in order to dine out. We get a little bit more volatility because we're in the middle of change. I mean, we're transitioning and putting more affordability on the core menu than we've had in the past. Some of those things that we changed to, whether they're promotional or on the core menu work better than others. And so that's, I think, explaining our incremental volatility to the industry.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say a couple of things about the future. I mean, from a industry perspective, this first quarter was really an outlier in terms of the spike down. And so we do hope and expect that that's the case, and that we would see it, as I think Brad said, bounce back from -- it looks a little bit more flat for the balance of the year. That would still mean, for our fiscal year, the industry's slightly down and that's 1 point, 1.5 points worse than we thought when the year started because we thought that this fiscal year would look a lot like last fiscal year from an industry perspective. In terms of our brands, really beginning next quarter. And so first quarter last year, we were pretty much on top of the industry on an overall basis. Red Lobster, a little bit behind, yet Olive Garden sort of [ph] right on top and a little bit ahead and LongHorn, well ahead. But beginning in the second quarter last year, we started to lag more dramatically the second and third quarter. And then we responded to that with a more intensive focus on affordability. So from a year-over-year perspective, we've got softer comps than the industry and that drives some of our expectation.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would -- I'll start and then hand it over to Brad. But clearly, your expectations for the first quarter are higher than ours. And so that means that your expectations for the balance of the year were lower than ours because you're sort of where we were for the entire year. And so there is some of that going on. We also, on the cost side, before the steps that we were taking as we outlined annual guidance, were pretty conservative. And so we had some places where we thought there was some opportunity to ratchet back spending beyond what we announced today. And that was in our guidance, and we're taking advantage of those opportunities.
Clarence Otis: I think, as we look at same-restaurant sales, obviously, marginal guests are critical, so every incremental guest. And a lot of those incremental guests are driven by price and affordability. Our brands are at the top of the range when you look at the check average continuum in casual dining. And so when you get sentiment swings that affect consumer spending and consumers get more cautious, we're going to feel that a little bit more regardless of what else is going on and that's just a reality but that same reality is why our operating cash flows are as high as they are.
Clarence Otis: That was not the intent when we made the move with Dave. We had a position that we feel is important, which is to have someone lead some important operations initiatives that cut across all the brands beyond what needs to get done day-to-day within each brand to support the business. And so we've got things, for example, like the Affordable Care Act rollout that cut across all the brands that requires senior leadership to really get developed and implemented appropriately. And so Dave is working on that. He's working on some other cross-brand operations initiatives that we've we don't want to talk about for competitive reasons. That's an important role and he'll continue to do that in support of Gene. I think as we looked at where to go when Drew announced his decision, we've got a lot of talented people. Gene has been in the restaurant business for 30 years. And he has seen a lot of different kinds of brands, mass market brands, specialty brands. He knows that broad range of customers. He has a terrific sort of intuitive feel for why people dine out, what they want out of restaurants, whether that restaurant's a diner or a fine dining restaurant. That intuitive feel, along with all the other things he learned over time, are important as we talk about refining the guest experiences that we provide to respond to guests' needs that are pretty dynamic. And so that operational background is very important. And Gene's also served as Chief Operating Officer of an enterprise, certainly not as big as Darden, but still, when you look at the restaurant business, a relatively large enterprise and that was rare, which was $1 billion plus in annualized revenues when we acquired it in 2007.
Clarence Otis: And I would just add, Joe, when we talked a while ago, that as we look at '15, we're going to be pretty cautious, pretty focused on business trends as we think about Olive Garden. We're down the '15. And so we have the ability for sure to be flexible downward there and that's something that we preserve. And then even as we look at the brands that Brad mentioned growing more robustly, we're pretty focused on making sure that we don't get ahead of our sort of talent pipeline. And so this year, Gene talked about 8 restaurants at Seasons. That number is certainly not going to go up. And to the extent that it changes, it may go down slightly to make sure we don't get ahead of ourselves from a talent pipeline perspective.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say, Jeff, too early to tell. And so August was certainly better than July, which was really a tough month, down roughly 4% in the industry. But August was still a tough month, down about 1.7%, I think that's about right. A little too early to tell the industry response at this point.
Clarence Otis: I think everyone's focused on their spending and their support platforms and making sure that they've got flexibility there. And so I don't think we are alone in that. Other people have more structural opportunities on the efficiency side than we might have in some areas that we've already addressed, so supply chain, for example, and some of the inter-restaurant systems. But the moves that we announced today really are enabled by some steps that we've taken in the last couple of years. So in marketing, for example, we've separated responsibility for current periods. So that tactic's from responsibility for multi-year evolution that allows us to be more efficient from a support staffing perspective actually and marketing and operations. We've got some -- a new multiunit leadership level that we feel enables us to have somewhat wider spans of control at the old leadership levels. On the support side, the technology work that we're doing further automates not just supply chain but a lot of the data collection, data mining, operational and financial reporting, and that allows for some efficiency from personnel perspective as well.
Clarence Otis: From a cash flow perspective though, we have talked about what that point of comps is worth and it's roughly $30 million on what is roughly $1 billion annual operating cash. And so it's not a dramatic -- as dramatic a move at the operating cash level as it is at the reported earnings level.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would start on the first one and I'll hand it off to Drew but it's -- inside that price point, what's the quality of the particular product that you're offering? So consumers are very savvy. And so to the extent we have the same price but we have a better product, then that's going to put us in a better situation from an affordability perspective.
Eugene I. Lee: Thanks, Drew. The Specialty Restaurant Group delivered solid performance in the first quarter. Total sales for the quarter exceeded $281 million, which is 72.7% increase from the prior year. This growth was the result of our 65 net new restaurants across the group, which includes 46 Yard House restaurants and blended same-restaurant sales growth of 0.5. The Specialty Restaurant Group continues to deliver consistent sales growth with 14 consecutive quarters of blended same-restaurant sales growth. There was decline at Seasons and there are 2 issues contributing to this sales decline in Q1. First, we've made adjustments to the summer menu we believe will benefit us in the long term. However, these changes have resulted in a decline in check average. Second, there are 3 restaurants in a comparable base that significantly exceeded our expectations when they opened, but their sales have continued to decline well after the typical honeymoon period. However, their current performance is still well above our original expectations. The team is committed to improving the same-restaurant sales trends at Seasons 52 in the short-term while ensuring the brand remains healthy in the long term. In the first quarter, we opened an additional 6 restaurants over last year, and excluding opening expenses associated with these additional restaurants, the Specialty Restaurant Group grew operating profit year-over-year. Specialty Restaurant Group plans to 22 restaurants for the remainder of fiscal 2014: 4 Capital Grilles, 1 Bahama Breeze, 8 Seasons 52s, 3 Eddie V's and 6 Yard Houses, for a total of 28 for the fiscal year. The group remains focused on improving operational execution, developing on-trend food and beverage offerings that drive sales and continuing to evolve the look and feel of our restaurants. We are on track with our phase integration of Yard House. In the first quarter, both the supply chain distribution network and point of sale systems were converted. In the third quarter, Yard House will transition to Darden's benefits and bonus plans. Integration has been, and will always be, a distraction to restaurant operations. As the integration continues to wind down, we expect to regain same-restaurant sales momentum as the team is able to focus more in the core business. In addition, we are on track to achieve our targeted synergies. As we look to the remainder of fiscal 2014, our fundamentals of the Specialty Restaurant Group remains strong. We're confident in our strategic priorities and are well-positioned to deliver our long-term growth commitments. And now, I'll turn it over back to Clarence.
Eugene I. Lee: I think the point we're trying to make, Matthew, is that every time we've done integration, we take the focus off of I think 100% on the guests onto implementing systems. So we've experienced that with LongHorn, we experienced with Eddie V's, and we think we're experiencing that somewhat in Yard House. We wouldn't say there's an issue with integration. We think integration is on track. But the point we're trying to make is that is a distraction. When you change every point of sale or POS terminal inside a restaurant, there is a distraction to every single employee. And until they become unconsciously confident with that, your service standards will drop a little bit. We think we're beyond that at this point in time, and we think that our restaurant operations are improving. And we would expect, if the conditions continues to stay the same or improve, we will see positive same-restaurant sales in Yard House in the next 6 to 12 months.
Eugene I. Lee: I think that what we've outlined is the 2 issues or the 2 issues that need to be addressed. We have to address affordability. We also have to address the need of the consumer who can afford to spend more. And we need to make sure that we continue to improve that part of what we deliver to each and every guest. As far as saying anything more at this point in time, I think, would be irresponsible. What they say, a prescription without diagnosis is malpractice and I really would like to have some time to get to talk to the team in great detail, learn a little bit more about each of the businesses. But one thing I would say is that through my lens, I start from an operational perspective and I hope to bring a little bit more focus operationally to the businesses and that's just my roots. That's where I come from. So at this point, that's really all I want to say and I'll probably have more comments when we get together in December.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, Matt, this is Brad. In the guidance we've given before in terms of our total cash flow, and our -- in this case CapEx, we'll incorporate that. We had some testing funds in for Red Lobster's -- or excuse me, for Olive Garden, so they will continue to that and Red Lobster will continue on their plan. So there's really no change in our overall cap expectations. We bounce a little bit around here and there, but no major changes there.
C. Bradford Richmond: Matt, Brad here. Let me just add a little bit more on our free cash -- on our CapEx guidance we provided before. We're saying $600 million to $650 million really working towards the middle of that range and so the adjustments we've talked about here still keeps us in the middle of that range, hopefully, in the bottom half of that range, but clearly probably more in the middle of the range.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, Michael, Brad here. There are some seasonality to our cash flows, particularly as we look for the year and features that we may run in the different brands during the time. So it is down, principally driven by the earnings that we reported. But in terms of the -- our annual expectations with the guidance we've given, we still feel comfortable with that range. And to the tune of CapEx and opportunities there, we continue to look at those. We're still seeing approximately 80 net new restaurants this year. That's still a pretty good number. If anything, we may be 1 or 2 shy of that versus 1 or 2 over that. But we continue to evaluate those opportunities as we go through the year. But we don't see what we're looking at any need to make more significant adjustments other than the adjustment that Clarence talked about earlier in terms of our support cost.
C. Bradford Richmond: I think broadly a couple of unique items is the Affordable Care Act. We anticipated about $0.06 implementation cost of that as we begin the year. It's probably going to be half that cost, maybe a smidgen less because there were some parts that deferred but not all of it. And so we have some costs but that's a little bit of a benefit to our numbers. And I think more broadly is, as you step back and look at this, if you look at the margin contraction on a year-over-year basis, it was really in the second quarter of our prior fiscal year when we got a little bit more aggressive on our promotional pricing and some of that. So there was meaningful margin compression last fiscal year for the second, third and fourth quarter, will now be wrapping on that this year so we don't have as much of that margin contraction. That kind of get to Clarence's earlier points about the quarterly spread that you had. And then also, you saw some areas on a year-over-year basis; LongHorn had a price point -- or a feature that wasn't price pointed. You saw Red Lobster this year in the shrimp, shrimp costs are up. But they price that at $1 higher than the prior year. And even August vis-à-vis the industry, the consumers recognized that still as a good value. So those type of adjustments that we have planned for the remainder of the year, we won't go into those details at this point. But those are the factors that really help us as we work through the math to say what's a good expectation for our sales and our earnings performance. There's a little less sales, so we're going to do a little bit better through [ph] some of the cost initiatives that we talked about to improve the margins from where they were before to stay in that same earnings range.
C. Bradford Richmond: And John, Brad here. On the comp part of your question, yes, I mean, we were below our expectations for the quarter. So we talked about approximately $0.35 year-over-year compensation headwinds. It's not that coming out now. We're not going to detail how much but it is less. But we built our expectations which is what that comp expense is built around. This quarter was not as strong as broadly the market was looking at that. So it was clearly a number of pennies [ph] that we had in the first quarter, but there's still a fair amount of that ahead of us in quarters 2 through 4.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, we -- Jo, we continue to look at that. Like I said earlier, it's more likely to drift down than up for sure. We continue to look at those opportunities. And we're just -- as we look into next fiscal year because particularly the new unit component of that investment, which is the biggest part of that, biggest single part, those are long lead decisions, 12 to 18 months. So further dramatic revisions in the current year, not likely. We'll continue as we move this year to make adjustments that we see appropriate as we look at fiscal '15. But more likely to be down, with the exception of the SRG brand. Strong business model, strong brands performing well. We'll continue to invest strongly there.
C. Bradford Richmond: Will, Brad. I think to only thing I'd add to Drew's comment is we talk more about same-restaurant sales, we also have additional insight of the traffic. We -- our 3 large brands have been above the industry on traffic. They were this most recent quarter, as well as the prior quarter. So building the traffic and keeping our brands in front of the consumers during this time. We're making good progress there. Obviously, we want to build the check as well but we can be patient and build the business for the longer term, more so than just the particular quarter that we're in.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, we have said on an annual basis, one point of same-restaurant sales for us is in the neighborhood of $0.15 EPS and so you can work that back into the cash flow. But even as you see a little bit in the first quarter, a company of our size, a large balance sheet like -- that we have, there are other opportunities that we're working on to enhance our cash flow opportunities. Some of those are the timing of certain events. We had some of those going against this in the first quarter around certain payments and things like that. So we can continue to manage through those throughout the year to help manage the overall operating cash flow that we have. So there's still opportunities there. We've talked about some CapEx, continuing to evaluate to make adjustments there. But by and large, we do look at our annual projection and we do need the industry to improve some back to that flattish level, if you will, for our fiscal year as part of our expectation.
C. Bradford Richmond: And Andy, Brad here. On the margins, thanks for asking that. We are looking for roughly the same margin impact that we've talked about at 60 basis points, give or take a little bit, and maybe a little bit hard to see when you look at the first quarter. I'll go back to the comment I made earlier that our promotional approach that we had really took hold last year in our second fiscal quarter. And so the margin contraction that you've seen in the first quarter is not what you should be projecting for the remainder of the year. Your comment on doing the quick math is probably about right. The remainder of the year is -- may vary some by quarter, but roughly flat is what we're looking at because we're wrapping on a very similar comparison last year in our strategies.
