C. Bradford Richmond: Thank you, Matthew, and good morning to everyone. Darden's total sales from continuing operations increased 4.6% in the third quarter to $2.26 billion. Included in this quarterly amount is approximately $87 million in sales from Yard House, which we acquired on August 29, 2012. On a blended same-restaurant sales basis, the results for Red Lobster, Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse declined 4.6% in the third quarter. In contrast, our Specialty Restaurant Group saw continued same-restaurant sales gains of 2.3% on a blended basis. Food and beverage expense for the third quarter were approximately 20 basis points higher than last year on a percentage of sales basis. This unfavorability was driven by our promotional mix and higher costs for beef, partially offset by lower seafood costs. For the third quarter, restaurant labor expenses were approximately 100 basis points higher than last year on a percentage of sales basis due to higher group insurance, wage inflation and sales deleverage, partially offset by reduced manager incentive compensation of approximately 60 basis points. Restaurant expenses in the quarter were approximately 110 basis points higher than last year on a percentage of sales basis, mostly due to sales deleverage, about 50 basis points, and the impact of adding Yard House, about 30 basis points, which runs a higher restaurant expense as a percentage of sales than our other brands because all of the Yard House restaurants are leased. Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 30 basis points lower than last year as a percentage of sales due primarily to reduced incentive compensation of approximately 100 basis points, partially offset by media inflation. Depreciation expense in the quarter was approximately 40 basis points higher on a percentage of sales basis compared to last year because of increases in new units and remodel programs at our larger brands. Overall, operating profit margins for the third quarter were down approximately 230 basis points to 9.1%. Yard House accounted for 40 basis points of the year-over-year decline because of acquisition-related costs and a slightly lower margin at the operating profit level. Our tax rate this quarter, at 22.3%, was approximately 240 basis points lower than the prior year, driven by increases in available tax credits and our tax planning initiatives, as well as lower taxable earnings. We estimate that our annual effective rate will be in the mid-22% range, which is about 200 to 300 basis points lower than last year's effective tax rate. Now turning to our financial outlook. For the full fiscal year, we expect combined same-restaurant sales for Red Lobster, Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse of approximately down 1.5% to 2.5%, and we expect net new restaurant increase of roughly 105 restaurants, which is approximately 5% unit growth on our current base. With these same-restaurant sales and net new restaurant openings expectations, combined with the acquisition of Yard House, we expect total sales growth in fiscal 2013 of between 6% and 7%, and that diluted net earnings per share growth from continuing operations for the year will be between $3.06 and $3.22. The expectation regarding diluted earnings per share includes acquisition-related costs and purchase accounting adjustments of approximately $0.09. Turning to our commodities basket. We have approximately 90% of our total food spend contracted through the end of this fiscal year. Food inflation in the third quarter was approximately 0.4% with seafood deflation in the mid-single digits and beef inflation in the low double digits. For the fourth quarter, we expect that our commodities basket will see inflation in the range of 1% to 1.5%. Category-by-category, through the balance of fiscal 2013, seafood costs are lower on a year-over-year basis with 100% of our usage covered. Beef costs are higher on a year-over-year basis with 80% of our usage covered. Poultry costs are moderately higher on a year-over-year basis with 100% of our usage covered. Wheat costs are slightly higher on a year-over-year basis with 100% of our usage covered. And dairy costs are moderately higher on a year-over-year basis with 60% of our usage covered. Our energy costs are expected to be slightly lower on a year-over-year basis, and we have contracted 30% of our natural gas and electricity in the deregulated markets in which we operate through fiscal year 2013. And now I'll turn it over to Drew to comment on our brands.
C. Bradford Richmond: No. The investment in check we made during the third quarter, specifically during the third quarter, was a little more than we anticipated and we've learned some things during the quarter that we're going to apply to our promotions and core menu tactics in the near term going forward. But we are seeing meaningful improvement in traffic. So for instance, at Olive Garden during the second quarter, traffic was 5.5 points behind the industry. In the third quarter, traffic was even. A little more investment in check than we anticipated, like I said, during the quarter and we've identified some ways that we can help address that.
C. Bradford Richmond: Also, Michael, when you look particularly at the third quarter there's about 35, 40 basis points of Yard House acquisition-related impacts. So if you're comparing backwards, there's a little noise in the number there as well.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes. We've shared our plans with much of the information that we shared at the investor and analyst conference, we shared that with them as well as some of our thinking that we outlined for the next fiscal year. And so if you look at many things, they also look at the trend of things as well. But our amount of debt or the ratio of debt that we have is within -- will be within the year within the range that we target to maintain investment grade credit profile. Our coverage ratios are a little bit outside of that range. And so they looked at that, within the past few weeks they've come out and have changed their outlook to negative. But they haven't changed any of the ratings at this point. So they're going to look at many of the same things that you're looking at from where the business is, how is it trending on sales and operating cash flows. What I would say is they look back at our history of how we've adjusted and reacted to other business environments and situations and that we do have for an organization of our size, a number of levers, a number of activities, many of which we are doing right now to protect that investment grade credit profile. So no one has downgraded the stock at this point, but they do have a negative outlook. In terms of maintaining an investment grade rating, right now we're at the equivalent of BBB with the 3 agencies that are rating us, and so we do have room should we need it for one level of downgrade and still remain investment grade profile and advantages that come with that.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I think Clarence said it pretty well. I guess the only thing I would add is making that plan, paying out those targeted bonus, that's what we would accrue to. You see this year, we are much under that. So we've been adjusting that accrual down throughout the year as our performance has dictated. I think the other piece of information just to reflect back a year, what would be fiscal 2012, we anticipated a higher bonus payout. We started accruing to that. But as the year went on, we accrued less. In that case, it's going back to that pool that Clarence was talking about. It was about $0.15 less. So we're telling you what it would be for achieving our plan. We could exceed that plan, which would add meaningful to the earnings value creation, but a portion of that would go out into bonus payouts as well. So we've got a couple of years where the accrual has been too high, and we've adjusted it down. And so what we're really pointing out as we look to '14 is how much that accrual going back to a targeted amount would expect to be. So -- and to your point, it could still change some this year depending on our actual performance. So we'll update you on what that amount looks like in June.
C. Bradford Richmond: Jeff, this is Brad. I'll start off with this. We did talk about at the conference about additional opportunities in labor optimization in terms of our transformational opportunities and so there will be some opportunity to work on that. I think if you look back on a quarterly basis, we have done quite well on managing and leveraging our restaurant labor. I think more what you're seeing this year is -- excuse me, in this quarter is the sales deleveraging impact and Drew has talked some about of that. But we also had a increase, which was more temporary in nature in our group insurance claims partially as we're rolling off the self-insurance that we've had in the prior years. With this year, we've moved to the corporate exchange. So there's a little bit of noise in the third quarter number.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I've got a little bit of information there. I think if you look at a sequential basis where we're seeing the weakness really is in that South Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic area. That's kind of lagging the other areas. When you look at on a year-over-year basis, it's those same areas that are lagging a little bit. And I think as Clarence said he had stripped out the weather, maybe a little bit of weakness in that upper Midwest, but it's not too significant. So I'd say none of them are really striking differences when you look at across all of our brands other than maybe a tad, like I said, in that South Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic region.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I think we tried to make some adjustments on a year-over-year basis. So for example, February last year had a huge weather positive and so we don't have the weather number in March, and so we're looking at all of those different variables. So if you look at February a year ago, it was up 30%. And so on a 2-year basis, I guess you're talking about roughly 2.5% down in February last year whereas March last year was up, I think, KNAPP-TRACK was about 1 point. And so March was a tougher month than February and we're seeing improvement in March. So it's not the 2-year stuff that's going on. I think February just had, beyond weather, a couple of jolts that consumers took some time to adjust to.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I think from where we're stepping off in fiscal '13 you're going to see it modestly grow from there one from the operating side with what we've talked about on our expected performance. Also, as well, some of the other items that go into that around working capital, the progress there. So at this early juncture, I think you're going to see it move modestly up from there into fiscal '14.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, Will. This is Brad. We've took a similar convention of looking at the weather impacts and really weather impact for us is precipitation is the big one for us, so snow or ice is what really has the impact, not so much the temperature side. And I think last year, we talked about a pretty big lift in last year's number. I believe, for the quarter it's about 200 basis points, so we're wrapping over a pretty big lift. That same analytical convention that got that number -- gave us the numbers this year that Clarence has talked about with about 110 basis points of impact in December, really nothing in January and 150 in February. So I don't think there's a much in the weather per se other than what we've detailed that's impacting the business.
C. Bradford Richmond: Not so far. I mean, we did have -- we always seem to have one late storm that comes during March. It varies from week-to-week, but nothing that seems unusual at this point.
Andrew H. Madsen: Thank you, Brad. Since many of you attended or listened to our recent Analyst and Investor Meeting a few weeks ago, I thought our time this morning would be better spent only briefly commenting on the third quarter performance of our larger brands. As we mentioned at that meeting, same-restaurant sales results for the third quarter at the larger brands were much weaker than we anticipated. Our priority now is regaining same-restaurant traffic momentum. This quarter, same-restaurant traffic at our 3 large brands was negative and certainly some of the external factors we're all aware of including the payroll tax increase, the spike in gasoline prices and more severe winter weather this year contributed to that. Still, we are encouraged that after trailing the industry the prior 3 quarters, same-restaurant traffic at our larger brands was in line with the industry this quarter. And we are also encouraged that same-restaurant sales for the industry have improved so far in March as we assumed in the same-restaurant sales guidance that we provided at our analyst conference. Another thing we also discussed in February is that for many guests, affordability is a particularly important need. These guests want to visit casual dining restaurants generally and our restaurants in particular more often than they do today, but they feel they cannot afford it. It's important to keep in mind, however, that not all guests are focused solely on greater affordability. There are also economically secure guests who are looking for distinctive higher-quality dishes and are willing to pay a little more for them. And while millennials are focused on affordability, they have other needs and desires as well, including an interest in more convenience in their total restaurant experience, menus that offer more freshness and greater flexibility to dine the way they want. We are responding tactically in ways that address on a day-to-day and a week-to-week basis the current need many guests have for affordability. At the same time, we are working strategically to evolve our brands so that they are sustainably affordable for financially constrained guests, and so that they meet the broader needs of all other guests. Our traffic results for the quarter relative to the industry indicate we're making some progress tactically. And while some of the strategic changes to redefine the guest experiences we offer are in their early stages, we're confident in our direction on this front as well. Now Clarence has some final comments.
Andrew H. Madsen: So certainly as we've said, we need to address affordability more aggressively than we have been doing. We've started that and we are seeing an improvement in traffic in all 3 of our large brands, including Olive Garden. In terms of abundance, we want to make sure that while we are addressing affordability, we're also evolving the guest experiences that each brand offers in ways that keeps them distinct and relevant and highly compelling. So generosity has always been an important part of Olive Garden's promise, which is what's helped them be one of the strongest overall value leaders in the industry. So we're confident that, that's going to continue to be a part of the experience that we offer. But we're going to have to go beyond that because it's clear now that there are other meaningful guest segments that want aspects to their experience that we are not now providing, so lighter, fresher is one example. That's why we introduced that section on the menu recently. Convenience and speed of service at lunch, in particular, is another one that we're working on. So generosity and abundance will be part of it, but we want to keep very distinct compelling brands going forward and that's true for Olive Garden as well.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, that's a test that we have just started in the last week at a couple locations locally. So it's too soon to comment on the -- what we're seeing there. But we would say that the lunch daypart, in particular, is one where we know that for a large number of guests affordability and speed, convenience is very important. And lunch is a big growth opportunity for Red Lobster, in particular, and that's really why they're looking at this sort of test to just more aggressively address the need for affordability and convenience and overall speed and experience. But very, very early at this stage.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, I would say in terms of addressing affordability and value promotions is one lever that we're pulling. And based on the traffic trend improvement and the percent of guests that are ordering those dishes, it certainly has been noticed by our guests. But in addition, we're doing other things on our core menu. So for instance, the significant core menu change at Red Lobster that really increased the preference on items under $15 is working together with the promotions that we're offering. And we are seeing improvement in value scores, value perception at Red Lobster as a result. So it isn't just what we're doing in our promotions to strengthen value and affordability.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes. Our expectation is not for the check at Olive Garden or any of our brands to be down versus prior year over an extended period. And so the changes that we're making tactically in our promotions being more aggressively focused on affordability, as well as the changes we're making on affordability in our core menus are all things that are moving us in the right direction from a traffic standpoint, but there are also things we're learning from -- as we go. So we wouldn't anticipate in the future the same check dynamics that we saw during the third quarter.
Andrew H. Madsen: It was really what occurred throughout the quarter, and probably the biggest thing that we've learned is the percent of guests that were ordering these dishes, which had a bigger impact than we thought. And it also had an impact on appetizer add-ons. Those are probably the 2 biggest things that we learned and those are the areas that we're going to be looking at refining as we go forward.
Andrew H. Madsen: Lobsterfest is a promotion we believe in. We think it's a very distinctive brand, defining an offer that you can't get anywhere else. And there are a lot of guests that are very excited about Lobsterfest and willing to pay a premium price for very distinctive, crave-able dishes. There are other guests who are a little more aspirational and would love to come if it were a bit more affordable and those are the guests this year that we made some tactical adjustments to try and give them more -- a little bit more of a affordability incentive to come in for a great experience during Lobsterfest.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, that is exactly what we were talking about at the Analyst Day, in particular about Olive Garden. So beyond affordability, we know that there's different guests that have different needs. And one of the biggest needs at Olive Garden beyond affordability is the opportunity to have experience that's a little lighter and a little fresher. And that's why we introduced the lighter Italian fare section recently and we've seen a very good response to that core menu section. It's also why we introduced some new lunch items at Olive Garden, more daypart appropriate menus, Italian sandwiches and some new calzones, and we've seen a very positive response there as well. The biggest opportunity we have beyond affordability at Red Lobster is the veto vote where not everyone in the party wants a seafood item and that's why they were very focused on that in their core menu introduction back late September, early October. And we've seen, not only an increase in the number of people buying their new mainstay dishes that are under $15, we've also seen an even bigger percentage increase in guests who were buying the new non-seafood items at Red Lobster. So those are some of the things that we're focused on.
Andrew H. Madsen: The only thing I would add to that is we believe that we can make our brands more relevant and remain broadly appealing, recapture guests without becoming a varied menu brand and without losing brand distinctiveness. So that's why I mentioned at Olive Garden we're focused so much on beyond affordability on lighter, fresher fare. That's why at LongHorn, we're focused, in particular, on steak distinctiveness and really establishing that brand as the best casual dining steakhouse in the segment introducing things like the 30-ounce porterhouse or the new Rancher’s Sirloin. So we don't believe we need to become a varied menu. We need to remain distinctive and just understand the need states that we need to become more relevant in.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, I would say at this point in the juncture, we've shared what 2014 looks like at the conference. I'd say, 2015, with what we know today and what our expectations are, will be much similar to 2014. We have lots of opportunity with a strong performance in SRG. If anything, within the deployment for new restaurants, you might see a little bit more going to SRG just given their strong performance.
Clarence Otis: Thanks, Drew. As we mentioned last month at our Analyst Investor Meeting here in Orlando, we are, for sure, in a new era for dining out that's the product of some important new competitive and consumer realities. And as Drew mentioned, we're making significant changes to make sure we take advantage of these realities. We're changing so that we're better able to more consistently win in the marketplace today and better able to win on the sustained basis well into the future. The changes we're making involve reshaping our portfolio to increase the size and contribution of Specialty Restaurant Group, which is something that broadens our guest and occasion base. They involve reshaping our organization so that there are dedicated resources working on 2 time horizons, today and tomorrow, which are time horizons that involve distinctive work. The changes we're making also involve tempering average check growth across our larger brands because we think that's what it takes to support same-restaurant traffic growth. They involve reducing unit growth at Olive Garden so the brand can better focus on regaining momentum. And the changes involve continuing to invest in our people who are the best in the business and who are the key to any success that we're going to have in any time horizon. We think we're well positioned as an organization given the strength of our brands, the collective experience and expertise we have, the operating cash flows we have to make the changes that are needed. And so we're confident as we look forward in the direction of our business. And with that, we will take your questions.
Clarence Otis: David, this is Clarence, and we will talk about the industry, but not about our business, which is our practice. And what we would say -- and I think Malcolm Knapp was on Bloomberg yesterday, so this is comments that he made. And he's, for a lot of reasons, has a very good look at what's going on in the industry. And the turn in March has been significant. I mean, February was a month that was down mid-single digits in the casual dining part of the industry and March is a positive month, and so a pretty significant turn. We think February suffered beyond weather from really, as Drew mentioned, the consumers just weren't prepared despite all the conversation for the payroll tax increase, and there was a pretty rapid spike up in gasoline prices. But March indicates that consumers have adjusted. When we talk about our expectations for the year from a same-restaurant perspective, from an earnings perspective, we assume that the industry would bounce back.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I think we look beyond the month. And so as we look back over the last 12 months, our point of view is the next 12 is not going to be all that different. And so if GDP growth is roughly 2%, a little bit less than that, it's going to be roughly 2% going forward is how we think about it, maybe slightly more than that. But there's probably equal probabilities on slightly more, slightly less. And so that's sort of how we're planning the business around that point of view.
Clarence Otis: The other thing I would say, Jeff, is so we've got delivering 2 experiences in 2 different dining rooms. So conventional, full service lunch experience in one, the express lunch in another. We will very closely watch the guest experience in the more conventional dining room to see how guests in that dining room feel about the whole experience with what's going on elsewhere in the building and that'll be an important part of whether this thing is successful or not.
Clarence Otis: Well, I think a couple of things. One is it is tempering check growth as opposed to check decline and will be gradual, and they'll be driven by couple things. And so one is our promotional mix and that's gradual almost by definition because the preference on promotions ranges from 5% to something more like high single digit, which is typical. A blockbuster promotion would be 15% to 20% and so that's, by definition, going to be gradual effect. And then the second part of it really is making sure that we introduce platforms on the core menu that have more approachable pricing and those platforms are going to get some preference, but there's still going to be a fair amount of preference elsewhere on the core menu. And the reason why we wouldn't drop check average is because that sort of preference elsewhere on the core menu is not asking for a lower check. I mean, so if you think about a Red Lobster $12.99 promotion and you might get 15% preference on that at dinner and that total check may be $15.50, $16, the other 85% preference is at a check that's north of $20. And so to drop that price when that's not what those folks are looking for, they're looking for us to redefine the experience in ways that drive up quality and may actually be willing to pay a little bit more if we can do that effectively.
Clarence Otis: I would say that the third quarter was a relatively weak quarter overall for the industry, and so being even in that quarter had margin effects because being even meant being relatively negative. And so we don't expect, on a go-forward basis, that kind of industry weakness. And then the other part of it, as Brad talked about, when we look forward next couple of years, given the strategic choices that we're making, we would expect EBIT margin expansion of 10 to 30 basis points a year. That is lower than what we would have told you a couple of years ago, which would have been more like 30 to 50 basis points a year, but still EBIT margin expansion.
Clarence Otis: But I would say that we're very focused on maintaining an investment grade credit profile, and so we will make capital allocation choices that are consistent with that. If you look back over our history since our spin-off, we've been downgraded before. We've been upgraded from those levels because we've demonstrated that kind of discipline.
Clarence Otis: Yes. Well, we're looking at our CapEx budget. And to the extent that we bring that down fairly significantly, it accommodates a modest dividend increase in our view.
Clarence Otis: 2 for $25 does result in a lower check. But beyond that, we're not going to comment about our promotional plans for competitive reasons.
Clarence Otis: And I would say the core menu is the key, and I would lock in on 15%. That would be a blockbuster preference for a promotion. Red Lobster does have higher preference than Olive Garden. But double digit would be fairly significant for either one of them.
Clarence Otis: Yes, let me start, and I'll hand it off to Brad. But we have a bonus pool, absolute dollar amount, that doesn't vary much from year-to-year and that assumes that we achieve the plan for the year. To the extent that we fall short of that plan, we're going to pay out a lot less and that payout can be dramatically less. There is a floor for about 60% of that bonus pool it goes to restaurant managers essentially, and they don't go to 0 regardless of performance. But for the other 40%, it can go to 0. And so when we talk about a planned bonus number for next year, it depends on performance. If it's a performance like this year, then it certainly won't be $0.32 to $0.35. It'll be dramatically less than that. We hope it's 32% (sic) ($0.32) to 35% (sic) ($0.35). That would be our preference.
Clarence Otis: No, I would say, I mean, we do market studies all the time and we're certainly in line with peers. And these are peers who run restaurants that have similar complexity. That means similar volumes, similar staffing. And so we've got volumes and staffing above the industry average and so that peer group is not an industry average peer group. It's the high-volume portion of the industry.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I don't think we have any way of really knowing that because there's so many other variables in that environment what it was lowered and in this environment where it's been raised. On the delayed refund side, we have no visibility to that dynamic. We listen very closely to people who do. So Wal-Mart has talked extensively about it. They have pretty good visibility because they cash a lot of refund checks and they contract what they've cashed this year against what they cashed last year and the various patterns. And it seems to have amounted to a decent amount of money inside their system. And of course, they're only a fraction of the entire system. And so we think that, that probably had an effect on February, but all we can go by is what we read from others who have more visibility on it.
Clarence Otis: Well, I mean, February was a month that had decent weather effect year-over-year. So 130, 150 basis points, I think, we've said. But much of that is really because February a year ago was so mild. I mean, this February is fairly typical winter. March, I don't know. I mean, I don't get the sense that it's a particularly severe month. And March a year ago was not a particularly severe month either.
Clarence Otis: Yes, yes, before I turn it over to Gene, I mean, one of the highest priority we've got right now at our larger brands is regaining traffic momentum. And so same-restaurant traffic negative this quarter, a lot more negative than what we like. But after trailing the industry for each of the prior 3 quarters, matching it on same-restaurant traffic was, we think, important. And we would expect to establish a positive gap to the industry on traffic as we go forward. That's our objective. So we think we saw some progress there. I'll turn it over to Gene.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say that I think we talked about a lot of it at the Analyst Meeting. So the attrition that we've seen is really on the lower end of the household income continuum. So a lot of those folks have really traded out of dining out because they're that financially constrained. So their visit frequency overall is down. Some have traded to lower check within casual dining, lower check brands, and some have traded from casual dining to lower-check segments. And so that's really -- because we're talking about attrition at the margin and that is what we're seeing. We're not seeing a whole lot of change in the rest of the income continuum. We're certainly not seeing attrition there. So...
Clarence Otis: And I would say that as we look at it and we think about national casual dining brands, those that are distinct and differentiated enjoy the highest unit volumes and so that speaks to the importance of not being sort of varied menu. The varied menu brands have unit volumes that essentially range from $2.2 million to $3 million, and LongHorn is at the bottom of our list at $3 million but they don't advertise anywhere near where the rest of the national brands are because they're not national yet. And Olive Garden, Red Lobster are dramatically higher than that. So is Outback, so is Texas Roadhouse. And so the people who are differentiated and are viewed as varied menu didn't have the strongest competitive positions.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I mean, that's really at the bottom end. The players that have the higher unit volumes tend to have the higher checks. And that's -- yes, and we're pretty well developed there. And yes, so we think it really is -- that's really the affordability question we're talking about. And the reason why we have to be pretty targeted with it because we've got a lot of other guests, affordability is important but it's not their highest priority. Their highest priority is high quality.
Clarence Otis: I mean, the industry's been negative same-restaurant sales. I forget how negative. So any positive would be outperformance. That is the expectation. And we talked about that means not only so winning the day-to-day market share contest within casual dining, but making sure that we win the sort of larger battle within the entire dining out spectrum.
