Brad Richmond: Thank you, Matthew and good morning. Given the impact of Thanksgiving holiday week shift this quarter, I want to spend a few moments clarifying our same-restaurant sales results. Blended same-restaurant sales for Olive Garden, Red Lobster, and Longhorn Steakhouse were down 4.7% this quarter. This includes a negative impact of 80 basis points due to the Thanksgiving holiday week shift which moved to the fiscal second quarter this year from the fiscal third quarter last year. Excluding this effect, blended same-restaurant results were down 3.9%.  For context, industry same-restaurant sales as measured by Knapp-Track and excluding Darden which are not affected by the holiday shift, are estimated to be down approximately 5.9% for the quarter. So we continued to outperform the industry by approximately 200 basis points this quarter, which combined with continued new unit growth, increases our total market share.  Turning to each brand, Olive Garden's same-restaurant sales were down 1.4% for the quarter and adjusting for the Thanksgiving week shift, same-restaurant sales would have been down 0.7%.  Red Lobster had a same-restaurant sales decrease of 8.4% for the quarter and adjusting for the Thanksgiving week shift, same-restaurant sales would have been down 7.6%.  Longhorn Steakhouse same-restaurant sales decreased 6.2% for the quarter, and adjusting for the Thanksgiving week shift, same-restaurant sales would have been down 5.0%.  The Capital Grille had a same-restaurant sales decrease of 14.2% for the quarter and adjusting for the Thanksgiving week shift, same-restaurant sales would have been [inaudible] [11.2%].  While we usually don’t discuss monthly same-restaurant sales trends for the Capital Grille, we do -- 
Brad Richmond: Okay. Let me start again from the Capital Grille -- it has a same-restaurant sales of 14.2% for the quarter, and adjusting for the Thanksgiving week shift, same-restaurant sales would have been down 11.2%.  While we usually don’t discuss same-restaurant sales trends for the Capital Grille, we do want to highlight that same-restaurant sales showed broad-based improvement throughout the quarter from approximately down 17% in September to down 9% in October and down 6% -- excuse me, down 9% in October and down 6% in November, adjusting for the Thanksgiving shift, indicating to us that consumer and business spending are rebounding.  Bahama Breeze had a same-restaurant sales decrease of 6.1% for the quarter and adjusting for the Thanksgiving week shift, same-restaurant sales would have been down 4.5%.  Now let’s discuss the margin analysis for the second quarter. As a reminder, the second quarter is our seasonally lowest gross sales quarter which leads to larger variances on fixed cost as a percentage of sales. Adding to this effect is the inclusion of the Thanksgiving holiday week shift in the second quarter this fiscal year.  Food and beverage expenses were 223 basis points lower than last year on a percentage of sales as a result of reduced food costs. This reflects the fact that we benefited from declining commodity prices this quarter and we expect to continue to see meaningful benefits for the remainder of the fiscal year, although not to the degree we experienced this quarter. We had contracted most of our commodity usage through the remainder of the fiscal year.  Second quarter labor expenses were 151 basis points higher than last year on a percentage of sales basis due to the impact of sales deleveraging, wage rate inflation, manager bonuses, and increased benefit costs, partially offset by reduced turnover in our restaurants and lower turnover related expenses.  Looking ahead, we continue to expect some unfavorability as a percentage of sales for the remainder of the fiscal year but we should see some improvement compared to this quarter.  Restaurant expenses in the quarter were 91 basis points lower than last year on a percentage of sales basis because of lower utility expense, reduced repairs and maintenance expense, and lower workers compensation and public liability costs. Looking ahead, we don’t expect to see favorability and restaurant expenses as a percentage of sales on a fiscal year basis.  Selling, general and administrative expenses were 156 basis points higher as a percentage of sales for the second quarter because of unfavorable comparisons for some employee benefits and stock-based plans related to favorability last year, as well as higher bonus accruals, the return of deferred field [inaudible] conferences this year and sales deleverage. The benefit plan related unfavorability reflects the fact that we hedged some stock market based employee savings plans benefits and last year we had a meaningful market driven gain on those hedges in the second quarter.  We also recorded an asset impairment of approximately $2 million in this quarter, which is primarily related to the fire that destroyed a Longhorn Steakhouse located in Tennessee. These expenses were partially offset by lower media costs.  For the fiscal year, we still anticipate that selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales will be slightly higher than the prior year.  The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 24.2%, increasing diluted net EPS by approximately $0.01 if you compare net earnings to what it would have been with a tax rate consistent with our annual guidance of 25% to 26%.  Our year-to-date tax rate is approximately 26%, but given the success of some of our tax planning initiatives, we now expect our annual effective tax rate to be approximately 25% for the year. Please remember that this rate will vary in the third and fourth quarter, reflecting our tax planning initiative and resolution of certain tax matters.  With half the year now completed, yesterday we refined our annual outlook. We expect same-restaurant sales for the year to decline a little more than initially anticipated but we also expect more favourable than initially anticipated costs. So now we anticipate reported diluted net earnings per share of growth from continuing operations to be flat to plus 4% in fiscal 2010. This compares to reported diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.65 in fiscal 2009, which included an extra fiscal week. As a reminder, our fiscal third quarter will be favourably affected by the Thanksgiving holiday week shift and the earlier start to the Lenten season. The earlier start to the Lenten season will favourably affect same-restaurant sales at Red Lobster but will put some downward pressure on comparable sales at Longhorn Steakhouse.  Now here's Drew with some comments. 
Brad Richmond: Thanks, David. It's primarily driven -- [inaudible] -- than we initially anticipated. We have locked in a lot of those prices as we look to the -- 
Brad Richmond: Okay. David, to your question there, it's principally been commodity cost. We have seen more favorability there than what we had initially anticipated. We have taken advantage of that opportunity to forward contract many of our costs for the rest of this fiscal year, I'd say more than 75% or so of our food commodity cost for the remainder of fiscal year that we have locked those in and those continue to run favourable to the prior year, you know, in the mid to lower single digit percent range. And then also it is complemented by some of our cost initiatives that we have been working on internally -- those have been fairly meaningful for us. I will caution though that as we look to the back half of the year, those were fully in place for the back half of the year last year, so the year over year benefit won't be as great in terms of providing earnings growth lift but they are still meaningful dollars that helped us navigate through these challenging times. 
Brad Richmond: I'll add just a little bit of color to that -- we really talked a little bit about the sequential improvement that we have seen in the first quarter, second quarter. What I would say as I look at the first half of the year and you do need to adjust that for the Thanksgiving shift, that that puts us down at about 4.5% in the first half of the year. Our guidance implies that that rate of decline is going to improve to about 1.5% to 3.5%. So there is some improvement in there -- maybe not as much as we had anticipated at the beginning of the year but it is getting better from where we have seen recently, although I would say it is still down.  To your question about regionality, with the portfolio of brands, they are all performing a little bit differently as to what is going on but in general sense, all the major regions are actually trending up from where they have been as we look at this. I'd say the more favourable trends are some of the areas that were harder hit in the year-ago comparisons around Florida, the south and middle Atlantic regions. The other caution I would say though is California does still remain pretty weak there. We are a little less penetrated there so it is not as impactful and I'd comment on Texas, when you look at it on a year-over-year basis. It was still performing pretty well last year so versus that comparison for that area, it's a little bit tougher there. 
Brad Richmond: I think that's a good going-in assumption. As I commented though, there's going to be a lot of things that are going on with [inaudible] and [the shift there], and I would still caution in the third quarter there's always that weather possibility vis-a-vis the last year that can meaningfully move month to month results. The quarter, probably not so much but we will have to wait and see what Mother Nature does to us there. 
Brad Richmond: I'll take the first part of that question there. On the restaurant expense side, I think what you have going on there is a couple of things -- utility costs has been one of the bigger drivers of that and we don’t see the year over year favorability there that we have enjoyed in the first half of the year. Also included in there is the public liability and workers' compensation expenses and we've had some real good success in this year. We hope to continue that, probably not something that we plan on at this particular time, so those are some pretty big expenses there that are a little bit offsetting the impact of sales deleveraging -- we are still projecting same-restaurant sales to be declining some so it's not like there should be leveraging there but there is less of a deleveraging impact as we look at that.  I'll turn it over to Drew for the Olive Garden question. 
Brad Richmond: Let me take the first crack -- one, we don’t want to get into a lot of detail. I think the point we are trying to make is another data point that is showing improvement -- you know, why we have reason to believe in that improvement. But if you look at their performance last year, you know, September was down but not too meaningfully down but obviously that type of business was hit pretty significantly as we guided to October and November, roughly similar rates for both of those last two months of the quarter, given what was going on in the environment at that time. 
Brad Richmond: Let me deal with the share buy-back -- you know, we began the year with our guidance saying that we would evaluate how the marketplace was performing, how our businesses were performing but our priority was that we would continue to work on our debt metrics that were important to us, particularly I think recently we have all seen the importance of an investment grade debt profile and so we are working to maintain that. We will continue to make progress on that but I think you bring up a good point -- as we move through this year, we will be continuing to reassess that and as we get to the points that we would like to be, we will -- we could potentially stepping in and buying some share buy-backs there.  The second part of the question was around maturing debt. Yes, we have in the calendar, end of the calendar year 2010, we have $115 million coming due in August and then April of the following year, another $75 million that we have coming due there. The debt markets have improved significantly. Our outlook is that they are in a range that we could enter that market if we wanted to but our business continued to deliver the strong cash flow so I would say we'd wait probably -- I'm guessing right now late in the next calendar year to potentially go back to the markets there. But what I would say is we have a line of credit that is very favourable terms to us with significant capacity that we could also choose just to roll that maturing debt into there and find the best point for us to enter into the debt markets, is how we would look at that. 
Brad Richmond: Let me start with the first part of the question there and then I'll turn it over to him -- is we look at the business as this is still a very opportunistic time to be out growing our unit base and so applying our capital, that will continue -- we've really not adjusted that. When we look at it and see the quality [inaudible] available to us at prices that are [inaudible] than we were thinking they were going to be a short while ago, [I'd say they are meaningfully down from the prices that were there] -- 
Brad Richmond: Okay, let me try this again -- what I would say is no, we are going to continue on our capital plan around new unit growth. We see this as an excellent opportunity for us to be growing our unit base, partially because of the sites, the quality of the sites that are becoming available to us at prices much less than what we thought they were going to be, more importantly, on our cost basis, that's lower than they were last year. And to be able to take the market share that this opportunity affords us and to provide a bigger base for us to grow same-restaurant sales in the future from there, so no, we will continue our [phase] to build new unit growth but also keep our eye on and keep plenty of attention on growing same-restaurant excellent to continue same-restaurant sales growth. 
Brad Richmond: I mean, what Clarence is saying is directionally what we had anticipated. What I would say in our initial assumptions without going into great detail is no, we didn’t expect it to be negative in any meaningful way, you know, hoping to get flat to down 1%. I'd say as we look today, we don’t see -- I see us getting to that level but the trajectory of the line is pretty similar, maybe sloping up just a little bit less than where we are now but we are just starting from a little bit lower point than we originally thought. 
Andrew H. Madsen: Thanks, Brad. As Matthew said earlier, this quarter instead of discussing operating highlights for each of our brands, I want to take a step back and briefly provide some important context on the overall full service dining industry, as well as Darden's strategy to deliver competitively strong results in the near-term while we make the necessary investments to position us for superior long-term growth.  Now clearly industry conditions remain very challenging and a number of large competitors continue to discount heavily during the second quarter and this is evident in our estimated minus 5.9% decline for the Knapp-Track same-restaurant sales benchmark and a minus 1.2% decline in the implied Knapp-Track check, which is the difference between same-restaurant guest count and same-restaurant sales performance.  At the same time, Knapp-Track same-restaurant sales during the second quarter improved by 1.9 percentage points compared to the first quarter, driven by a 170 basis point improvement in guest counts and a 20 basis point improvement in check, and this marks the first time in the last six quarters since the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2008 that there has been a sequential improvement in same-restaurant sales and in check.  The sequential improvement in same-restaurant sales has continued so far in fiscal December for both the industry and for our brands after adjusting for the estimated impact of the Thanksgiving shift. However, we are still early in the month and weather can always be a factor in December.  Now, we think that some of this directional improvement is due to the weak year-ago industry comparison but we also think that we may be seeing early signs of improvement in sustainable consumer spending in full service restaurants.  The outlook we provided in September [inaudible] -- 
Andrew H. Madsen: Okay, well let me back up a little bit -- we think that some of this directional improvement is due to the weak year-ago industry comparison, but we also think that we may be seeing early signs of improvement in sustainable consumer spending in full-service restaurants.  The outlook that we provided in September anticipated improvement in same-restaurant sales trends for the industry, so we are encouraged by what we are seeing even though the improvement is a little less than what we had hoped.  Now our strategy to drive competitively superior results during the second quarter was consistent with the approach that we discussed with you back in September. We continue to be weary of utilizing deep discounts to combat difficult industry conditions. Given our [inaudible] [long-term brand integrity], [inaudible] [integrity and related growth prospects] -- 
Andrew H. Madsen: Our strategy to drive competitively superior results during the second quarter was consistent with the approach we discussed with you in September. Now as I mentioned, we continue to be weary of utilizing deep discounts to combat difficult industry conditions, given our concerns about what this might do to long-term brand integrity, business model integrity, and related growth prospects.  Our approach is built on the broad appeal of the brand, leverage the cost advantage that comes with our scale, and utilize selective value offers across our portfolio that help drive profitable incremental sales.  Olive Garden, because of [inaudible] cost structure, will be able to offer more of this type of promotion than either Longhorn or Red Lobster, so we have to be selective regarding when we choose to promote value directly at our higher check, higher cost brands.  During the second quarter, we chose to offer an additional price point promotion compared to last year at both Olive Garden and Longhorn. This helped drive blended same-restaurant sales for our three large brands that outperformed the Knapp-Track industry benchmark by two percentage point on a Thanksgiving adjusted basis.  Combined with favourable commodity cost trends and proactive internal cost management, we also improve the operating margin at all three of our large brands and delivered a modest increase in earnings.  Now we chose not to feature a price point promotion during the second quarter at Red Lobster because we already had endless shrimp in place, which is historically their strongest value promotion. However, Red Lobster did make a promotional change in the second quarter, stepping away from the Taste of New England event featuring premium priced new dishes for the holidays which they had planned to run and substituting a create-your-own seafood feast promotion emphasizing abundance and variety. Now this create-your-own promotion did not feature a price point and we don’t believe it was able to break through in a compelling way.  Going forward, some of Red Lobster's promotions during the second half of fiscal 2010 will include attractive price points that more directly address our guest need for value and affordability, but they will not be deep discounts that could erode profitability or brand image.  Given the stress and uncertainty in the financial markets and the economy that intensified during the second quarter last year, and the differential way that impacted the full service restaurant industry in total, and individual brands in particular, we think it's also instructive to look at second quarter same-restaurant sales results on a two-year basis. And when we do that, the Knapp-Track industry benchmark for same-restaurant sales is down 12% on a two-year basis and compared to this performance, Olive Garden has outperformed Knapp by 11.4 points, Red Lobster has outperformed Knapp by 3.9 points, and Longhorn is essentially even with Knapp-Track, up 10 basis points.  Now we believe this is further evidence of the strength of our brand portfolio and the appropriateness of our strategy to achieve consistent profitable market share growth across [these brands]. Importantly, all of our large brands also continue to increase guest satisfaction and reduce restaurant team turnover, both of which achieved new record levels during the second quarter.  Now finally, we continued to make significant progress transforming the way we run our business and support our restaurants that will make our brand support platform even more cost effective in the future and in particular, three core projects targeting high expenditure areas, the automation of our supply chain, the centralization of our facilities maintenance support, and transformation of our in-restaurant operating practices to significantly lower our usage of energy, water, and chemicals, are all on track to meet or exceed the cost reduction targets that we have discussed with you in the past.  And now Clarence has some closing thoughts. 
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, regarding promotions -- obviously there is a heightened sense of need for value and affordability on the side of consumers and as a business, we want to find ways to address that need that doesn’t negatively impact our near-term profitability, doesn’t negatively impact our longer term business model, erode margins, and doesn’t negatively impact brand image, meaning it doesn’t change the way people will think about or use the brand in the future.  So a business like Olive Garden, for instance, it has a large [inaudible] and a lower overall cost structure and it is positioned as a brand fundamentally on value, makes more sense for us to consistently on that business offer price point and promotions in strong value and we are comfortable doing that because as we track the business, guest satisfaction, composition of guest base, brand image ratings, same-restaurant sales lift, when we do those promotions, the ability to pay for them -- they are all positive.  At the same time, brands like Longhorn and Red Lobster where the dynamics that I just mentioned are a little different in terms of the absolute check, the absolute cost structure, and their basic positioning and the way they are refreshing their brand in particular in both cases, we think we need to be more selective when we offer price point promotions, so we have to pick our spots. And we chose to offer a price point promotion on Longhorn in the second quarter and [inaudible] -- 
Andrew H. Madsen: So we need to be selective at Longhorn and Red Lobster. We think that there is a way to offer promotions with price points at Red Lobster in the second half that maintain that balanced score card I talked about that drives sufficient incremental sales to be profitable, that don’t erode margins and that are consistent with their brand equity. We've tested these promotions over the last several months and so we are going to selectively use them in the second half. 
Andrew H. Madsen: Related to Olive Garden, our decision to add the price point promotion that we did on television also led us to rebalance some of our coupon support, so in the second quarter a coupon that we had in November that impacted November before was moved back this year into late September and October and by the same token, a coupon that benefited us in November we moved into the third quarter this year. So it's really all about coupon timing, driven by the addition of that price point on television. 
Andrew H. Madsen: And just to follow-up on your questions on remodels, those remodels are a very important part of the overall refresh for both Red Lobster and for Longhorn and we've got aggressive tests of remodel designs in both of those businesses that are leading in the test to meaningful improvement, similar to what in same-restaurant sales and image similar to what we saw with [Rev Italia] at Olive Garden and we will be talking more fully about our plans for remodels and the capital investment to remodels in February. 
Andrew H. Madsen: And I'll amplify a little bit, Joe, because you mentioned the first quarter for Red Lobster and so we'll step back to our thought process when we put the plan together for Red Lobster, and at the end of our fiscal year, fiscal 2009, in the fourth quarter Red Lobster outperformed Knapp-Track by almost seven points. And that was based on a very strong Lobsterfest promotion and a very strong what we call Mediterranean promotion with some higher priced dishes that were unique and demonstrated culinary expertise and performed very well -- even the last month of the year in May of our fourth quarter was up almost two points versus the industry. So when we put the plan together, we had no reason to believe that our basic strategy of refreshing the brand as we were proceeding to do and which was working very well in fiscal 2009 wouldn't continue to work.  In the first quarter when Red Lobster sales relative to its prior trend softened and equalled the industry, we said well, we should probably become directionally a little more aggressive in our use of value-oriented promotions, so when do we want to do that? Selectively over the year and we said, as Clarence just said, we thought through the second quarter where we already had endless shrimp which last year performed very well and Red Lobster exceeded the Knapp-Track benchmark in the second quarter last year, which we are wrapping on, by 5.7 percentage points, driven by endless shrimp, we thought why double up? In the second quarter, we may need that in the second half so that was our thought process.  Now, in hindsight when we look at the performance of the second quarter, arguably Red Lobster was impacted by the breadth in totality of all the competitive discounting, including some of our own and endless shrimp and create your own promotions didn’t break through as much as we anticipated when we put the plan together. But that was the thought process and that's what is leading us to be selective but a little more aggressive in the second half. 
Clarence Otis: Thanks, Drew, and I will be brief because we do want to get to your questions, and I can't promise it but I will try to get through this without breaking up. But as Drew said, I think our financial performance this quarter shows once again that Darden is well-positioned. We are growing market share, we are doing that profitably and we are doing that even as many of the folks we compete with have had to sacrifice profitability to stem sales decline.  We expect to continue to take share and importantly, as Drew also mentioned, overall conditions are improving and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2010 reflects our belief that there's going to be continued improvement in the economic environment.  Again, we expect to continue to have industry-leading sales and earnings performance and we are focused on doing so without taking steps that adversely affect the long-term strength of our brands or the long-term strength of our business model. And what that means is that we remain focused on reducing costs wherever appropriate, improving guest satisfaction across all our brands, and investing in our business to drive long-term success.  As we have said before, we have a portfolio of brands that are proven. They enjoy strong guest loyalty and strong long-term sales and earnings growth profiles.  Also driving our success is the fact that we have scale and all the advantages that come with that, and that's evident in our continued improvement in food and beverage costs as a percent of sales and in the progress that we have made reducing other expenses, such as workers compensation and public liability costs.  And then finally, I want to thank our teams. We have outstanding teams in our restaurants and our restaurant support center and they are working to successfully navigate through the current environment. They have done a terrific job so far and beyond that, create a great company.  And with that, we'll take your questions. 
Clarence Otis: Let me try to start on the overall environment and I think as Drew said, we did see [the same restaurant] sales [inaudible] industry level, a sequential improvement, so down roughly 8% in the first quarter excluding us and down 6% roughly in the second quarter. So we do think things are improving because the [comps have gotten] a little easier. I mean, that's part of it but we see some real improvement. Again, as Drew mentioned, early days in the month of December but we have continued to see that, we hope, and [we certainly expect] that this would be the beginning of yet another quarter -- [both a sequential] improvement remains to be seen but that's our expectation. We do think sentiment has gotten a little bit stronger as we looked at our business [inaudible] and dissect it by meal period and [inaudible] 
Clarence Otis: Okay, I'm sorry -- so we do think that sentiment has gotten a little bit better as we look at our business across a lot of different cuts and I would suspect that a lot of that has to do with the abatement in job losses and a little bit less concern about job security. And Drew, you might want to talk to some of the other parts of that question. 
Clarence Otis: And I would just add that we think it reflects the strength of the company that we have the portfolio, so our goal as an enterprise at Darden is to grow share and do that profitably, and so the fact that we've got three vehicles to do that helps us. It's especially important in an environment like the one that we have today, which is very tactical environment from quarter to quarter and so the fact that we are able to lean one direction with one brand, not have to lean that way with all three, or lean one direction with two, is very helpful in this kind of tactical environment, allows us to be tactically effective without sacrificing our long-term strategic interest. 
Clarence Otis: I would just say on top of all of that, a lot of credit has to go to Brad working in partnership with our supply chain folks because from a tactical perspective, we've taken a point of view on some of these and we have chosen in many cases to go [inaudible] point of view. We've made some [right decisions] there but as Brad said at this point in the year, we have significant coverage on almost everything that [use from an input perspective]. 
Clarence Otis: [inaudible] -- we're trying to factor in the first half, so we are halfway through the year, all right? And for sure, comps in the first half industry wide and on a blended basis for Darden as an enterprise were lower than our assumptions coming into the year when we talked to you in June. So some of it reflects that. We always thought that there would be sequential improvement through the year. We still think that.  I would say that if we do have a bias, at least certainly it is toward being a little bit more conservative, a little bit more prudent, given the severity of the downturn that we have seen. 
Clarence Otis: Okay. To the question of new Olive Garden units, not just the units open in the last 12 months but the units opened in the last three years are all performing at a very high level in terms of unit volume, in terms of profitability and value creation and as a result, we remain very optimistic in terms of maintaining the growth at Olive Garden in that same range going forward. 
Clarence Otis: The improving trend that we are talking about is really more on a one-year basis in terms of what happened in the second quarter versus the first quarter, what's happening December this year compared to December last year and what we think that probably means for the third quarter. As we look at it on a two-year basis, we [inaudible] the strength of our brands and the strength of our overall portfolio because the year-ago starting point for each business, for us and for the industry, is different and we were wrapping on a much stronger period than was the industry overall.  In terms of the brand support platform initiatives that we were talking about, supply chain facilities and then our in-restaurant operating practices, it's going to take several years to reach the full potential on the savings in all three areas but we are making progress and capturing incremental savings as we go but it's going to take several years to reach the full potential. 
Clarence Otis: But I would say Capital Grille is [inaudible] -- affecting the luxury consumer and the -- [inaudible] 
Clarence Otis: Okay. I was saying that with Capital Grille, clearly affected very significantly last October, November, December even by the financial crisis and the significant declines in asset values hitting both the luxury consumer and the business consumer. And we have seen pick-up in both of those as we dissect the business. 
Clarence Otis: Regarding the promotional strategy, I don’t want to go too deeply into something that we haven’t done yet because I suspect there might be some people listening interested in that but typically we would prefer to develop new products that offer consumers an exciting reason to visit and that are designed to be affordable and financially feasible at a somewhat lower price point. And directionally, that's what I would have in my mind as I think about Red Lobster's second half promotion plans.  In terms of overall media support for the year, on their base advertising, it is very similar to year ago. On the lunch advertising, which we started in January last year, it's -- there's more weeks [inaudible] -- wrapping on some heavier launch weights a year ago [inaudible] [that we don't have this year]. 
Clarence Otis: I would say that again, we feel we've got very strong cash flows, we've made meaningful improvement this year in getting our debt metrics closer to the targets that we set for ourselves and that the rating agencies are comfortable with, even with that, as we look at share repurchase, some modest level of share repurchase is probably more likely than the second half than it was as we talked to you at the beginning of the year. 
Clarence Otis: I'll take a first stop on the first part of your question -- I would say as you look at our businesses, our mass businesses, we have held up better than the industry, and the industry has held up better than most of consumer [discretionary], [if you look back], and that I think is a tribute to the fact that we've got pretty [inaudible] customers in our mass business as an industry and we probably skew even higher than that, given where our brands are positioned. And so I think where we have seen the most erosion is with consumers on the lower end of that household income range, and so to the extent that sentiment is firming up, we probably get a little bit more of that back and probably more visit frequency from the high-end. So I think that's -- we're seeing improved sentiment in the mass businesses. We are also seeing some improvement in the Capital Grille market, which is to some degree a differentiated consumer from what we see in the rest of our businesses.  And one follow-up on the full service dining industry, the Knapp-Track metrics, we do see at least the first sign of a change in some of the dynamics that have been playing out over the last several quarters, so for the last five or six quarters, what we have seen is a directional improvement in guest counts, driven by discounting where the discounting impact on check more than fully offset the improvement in traffic and the result was a reduction in same-restaurant sales, a trend more negative trend in same-restaurant sales.  We didn’t see that in the second quarter so in the first quarter, for the industry guest counts were minus 6.4%. The check was minus 1.4%. Now typically we see maybe a 2 point improvement in check, so this is obviously very negative and same-restaurant sales in total were minus 7.8%. What happened in the first quarter is the [inaudible] check improved a little bit. It was minus 1.2 versus minus 1.4. But guest counts got better by 170 basis points so it was a different dynamic in terms of what was leading to an increase in guest counts. It wasn’t an [inaudible]. 
Clarence Otis: In the second quarter. And on restaurant expenses, for the fiscal year, we do expect those as a percent of sales to be roughly flat. You are correct in the first half of the year that we did enjoy some improvement there and a lot of that was driven, as I said earlier, around the energy prices there and our success on cost of repairs and maintenance and group -- not group insurance, workers' comp and public liabilities. And as we look to the second half of the year and the comparisons for the prior year, and given that we are still projecting a same-restaurant sales decrease, those do put downward pressure on those as a percent of sales. And I would remind you that we had the 53rd week last year [and the restaurant expenses] is probably our largest category of fixed expenses, so there is a little bit of deleveraging that goes along with that. 
Clarence Otis: And just a final piece, I would say that as we look at the business, we feel that we can continue to maintain a prudent expansion phase in terms of new restaurants and as we look out, probably not a lot different going out than we have this year, maybe a little bit higher. We can also reinvest in the business through the remodelling, that makes sense, as Drew said, this test that generates the kind of returns that that capital investment warrants. We can do that, still maintain a very healthy dividend that grows at a healthy pace and return cash to shareholders through share repurchase. And so I think all of that combined just speaks to the cash flow generating power of the business. 
Clarence Otis: Let me start with the full year, Joe, and I would say that -- and Brad will have the answers but clearly we expected a ramp up in terms of same-restaurant sales performance -- not necessarily growth but an upward climb when you look at trendline. And we still see an upward climb -- it just doesn’t have quite the same slope that we had when we looked in January but still an upward trend and Brad, you might want to comment more on that one. 
Clarence Otis: I would say, and I'll let Drew answer it but Drew actually provided some of that answer I think in his remarks. So when we look at Red Lobster in the first half, traditionally the back to school quarter, so September, October, November, we're running in [inaudible], which is a very high value, scores very well on value -- not a price point that we advertise because it's not a compelling price point, $15.99, $16.99, but a very strong value offer and so our point of view was we would let that ride and to the extent we wanted tactically to put a price point in the business outside of Olive Garden, we chose to do that at Longhorn. And it worked very well for Longhorn, probably endless shrimp worked a lot less well than it has historically because it didn’t have the price point on it in an environment where there were more of those, including the additional price point that we put on Olive Garden and the additional price point we put on Longhorn. So that was our thinking. 
Clarence Otis: And I would just put a wrap on it by saying all that said, in the second quarter our blended comp with the incremental price point at Longhorn and the incremental price point at Olive Garden and choosing to go without one at Red Lobster, is two points better than the industry. So tactically, we still feel pretty good about where we are and we have the flexibility in the second half with Red Lobster on our price point because we haven’t used that bullet. 
Clarence Otis: Well, on the first question, Red Lobster is a little softer than the industry in areas like Florida and California, arguably because consumers in those areas are still more price sensitive and still more affordability shoppers than they might be in other parts of the country. And Texas, [inaudible].  And then on the retailers versus restaurants, I mean, we -- we are not in the malls. We tend to be on mall pads but we are on those pads because the average daily vehicular traffic on the thoroughfares that pass those malls is strong, and so we are not as reliant on mall traffic for sure as the retailers who sit inside the malls. 
