Clarence Otis: Sure, and I'll start. This is Clarence. I would say as we look at the rest of the year and think about how it will evolve, the more important factor for us actually on the trend change is on the cost side. So we talked about the kind of cost inflation that we experienced in the first half. And we will see it significantly lower in the second half. And so the savings that Brad talked about, the $65 million or so from the big cost savings initiatives that we've got on the table, show through a lot more with the food cost being much better contained in the second half. We do think we'll continue to see solid performance from Red Lobster and LongHorn. So that's certainly reflected in our outlook. But we would expect still challenges at Olive Garden. So we're not looking to see a big turnaround there. We do think that we'll see comps improve from the first half, where they were down 2%, 2.5%, we don't expect that. We see improvement. And they might turn positive, but our guidance doesn't depend on any significant positive turn at Olive Garden.
Clarence Otis: And I would say from a year-over-year perspective, last year, we had 19%, I think, earnings growth, right? And so compensation well above target. This year, with the outlook that we've got, it will be below target, and so it will be a decent year-over-year shift in the second half.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I would say, I mean, we would expect to begin some momentum changes here, so improving trends, and that's based on a lot of the things that we've done already, and that will show up next year in some of the things that Drew outlined. But there's a sense of urgency beyond this year. And so I think Drew mentioned that we would expect a meaningful core menu changes. Those will start to show up next year. We would expect fairly significant changes in the promotions starting this year, but that will carry into next year as well. And then we're looking at an advertising campaign, a new advertising campaign that would kick in some time in the first half of next year also. And so we would expect a lot of this to get to the consumer within the next 6 to 9 months.
Clarence Otis: I would say, well, it's certainly a combination. I mean the first half of the year we talked about because of the cost, as we looked out in June, we thought we would be up mid-single digits, maybe low-single digits. So it's not like we expected to be heroic. And in fact, we were down. And so that down really reflected, against expectations, the Olive Garden performance, because we knew where the costs were going to be. They were essentially where we thought they'd be, slightly higher, but the performance against that expectation that we outlined in the first half of the year was really more about Olive Garden, and a little bit more trading, a little bit more check management than we'd anticipated at all the brands.
Clarence Otis: I might just add and amplify on one of the points that Drew made, which is as we think about core menu, it's about 2 things. It is about more affordable, approachable dishes, but it's also about the what-you-get side of the equation for some guests, and so this is about more compelling quality dishes at higher price points because there's a need to compete there as well. I mean, Red Lobster and LongHorn are doing very well there, as you think about what they've got in the market even right now, with the Surf & Turf at Red Lobster and Lobster Stuffed Filets at LongHorn.
Clarence Otis: Yes, in terms of core menu and from a promotion perspective probably about the same thing, yes. So not significant, but we do have to have the breadth that Drew described.
Clarence Otis: But I would say from adjusted debt to adjusted capital perspective, we'd be lower at the end of the year than we are today.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I'll start, and then we'll get back to the question on labor, and Drew will follow. But when we talk about the value, it really is both parts of the value equation. So it's what you get, what you pay. And we've got 2 sets of customers. For one set of customers, some of the erosion has been more about what you pay relative to other brands, that it made bolder moves on that side. And for another set of customers, it's less about that and more about the what you get, given what a different set of brands that tend to be higher priced have done on that dimension, and so we need to address both. The affordability piece is more about the what-you-pay side of the equation in that set of guests, but there's a quality and differentiation piece that speaks to the other guests. And so it's both of those.
Clarence Otis: John, I'd add a finer point to that as well. If you look at the prior year performance for Red Lobster, in September, they were rolling over about a 6.5% decline, while October, November, about 2% increase as well to help fill out their perspective on that.
Clarence Otis: Yes, and at a total company level. So if you think about the margins, you've got 2. You've got restaurant level margins very high at Olive Garden, approaching 20%. And you've got op profit return on sales. And ultimately, what matters most is the operating profit return on sales, the EBIT margin and driving that up. And that's what we focus on, and we think there's continued room for growth in that margin across all our brands and across Olive Garden.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I would say the way we get the margin expansion is through the incremental guests as we price to inflation and through an ever more cost-effective support platform. And so we talked again about those efforts delivering an incremental $65 million or so this year on top of something that looked a lot like that last year. And we'll talk more about it at our investor conference later in a couple of months. But we’d expect comparable kinds of numbers next year. And that's an ongoing process.
Andrew H. Madsen: I'll start with your question on remodel. Historically, we've seen same-restaurant sales improvements. When you get the remodel design and the remodel investment right, we see same-restaurant sales lift of, say, 4%. That's about what we're getting, a little more than that at Red Lobster. And so that range would be our target for Olive Garden. Olive Garden's already remodeled some restaurants. They believe they've got the interior where they want it to be. They believe a little bolder change is required on the outside of the restaurant to signal greater change to their guests. And the combination of those 2 things, we would expect, would generate the same sort of guest count traffic lift that we're seeing from Red Lobster's remodel now. So they’re where they want to be on the inside. They'll work out the external design over the balance of this year, and we would expect to be in a position to expand it more aggressively next year.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, and I can amplify that a little bit. So the Olive Garden team is working on a new ad campaign now and testing a new core menu now in the direction of all the things I mentioned earlier. And as Clarence said, we would expect to be in the position to expand those nationally in the first half next year. But between now and then, we've also identified an opportunity to improve the impact that our promotions have in the short term. So I mentioned the insight we have now about needing to change our promotion constructs, and without getting into too much detail on that, what we mean by that is our promotion construct for most of the past 5 or 6 years, which has worked very well, has been centered on new dishes. So we'd introduce 2 new dishes that tended to be stuffed pasta, we would occasionally have a price point on that, and that news and the occasional price point worked very well until the second half of last year. Given the change in the environment, the change with some competitors, what we think we need to do is evolve that concept and really emphasize a bigger, broader promotional idea, a bigger theme, and not just rely on new dishes. So for instance, Never Ending Pasta Bowl as a theme is more important than the new sauces each year. Lobsterfest as a theme is more important than that new lobster dishes. Stuffed Filets at LongHorn, more important than the individual new dishes introduced each year. So that's the nature of what we mean by evolving our promotion constructs to have bigger ideas that are brought to life by new dishes but bigger ideas with themes that resonate with our guests.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, the new promotional constructs, the things that we think will have broader relevance, will start in January. So we'll have those in the second half of this year. We'll introduce some new more affordable core menu items in the second half, but the bigger menu change that's going to address affordability, as well as quality and distinctiveness, both ends of the menu, if you will, is something that we're going to spend more time developing and testing in the second half this year and wouldn't expect to see that in the market until the first half next year. Our advertising is going to feel different in the second half this year, although it's going to be the same campaign. So by that I mean, we're going to still be telling a story about people's relationships inside Olive Garden, but we're going to do it in a way that feels a little fresher, doesn't feel -- feels a little more genuine, doesn't feel, in some cases, perhaps that it's a little bit contrived. And then get to a fundamentally different campaign in the first half of next year. And remodels I mentioned would begin more in the first half of next year as well.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well we do plan to carefully test and evaluate the changes during the second half of this year so we can be in a position to introduce it in the first half next year. We do anticipate having dishes, menu and dishes that feel different and feel more compelling to our guest base next year, and that's true both for guests who are seeking more affordability. It's also true, as Clarence just said, for guests who can pay a little more and are looking for something a little more distinctive at Olive Garden, just like they're getting at Red Lobster or LongHorn. So while the choice and variety is going to expand, we wouldn't expect a material check reduction next year, just broader relevance, by the way we've constructed the menu.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, Todd, you're exactly right, and this is our seasonally low period because it's an opportunity where we are building inventory of many of the products that are live cut. This is the season to get those. Plus we have a considerable amount of new unit development goes on, and we try to get a lot of that work done before the weather sets in so we can get enclosed and get inside the buildings there. As we look towards the end of the fiscal year and our expected performance here, we would see our short-term debt decreasing from the levels from where it is just because the strong, and I'd say, probably more durable than a lot of times we think about in terms of our cash flows, but I would step back and say that we do know and value the importance of an investment grade credit profile. And so we think we have plenty of room within our guidance and all that to make sure that we stay solidly there.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, Red Lobster certainly has tremendous momentum as does LongHorn, and we're delighted about that. And I suspect that there is some impact at the margin that, that momentum has on Olive Garden. But Olive Garden's got such a broad footprint that I think the primary opportunity for Olive Garden is more about becoming a less expected, more relevant brand, and that requires some different actions depending on the guest segment. So we don't see that as the primary issue. We think all 3 brands are positioned and designed to be able to grow beyond the market when properly marketed and delivered in restaurant.
Andrew H. Madsen: During the holiday season, the marketing team at Olive Garden thought a little more celebratory, a little bit less emphasis on value, a dish that was more distinctive, and they were comfortable that given the need state of guests at that time that this was an appropriate offer for the season.
Andrew H. Madsen: And I'd also say that the way we executed our promotion to address the what-you-pay side of value to address affordability recently, didn't break through as effectively as we would like because we think it was a little too expected, and that's why I'm saying we need to evolve our promotion construct a little less about 2 new dishes with an occasional price point, a little bit more about a broader idea, a bigger idea that could have embedded in it on occasion a specific affordability offer, but in some cases, it won't. So it's as much the way we executed it as anything. And on your labor question, that's really a direct result of our employment, our labor optimization that we've talked about, which deals a lot with our employment practices and the tips share implementation, but also driven by maintaining very low turnover rates. Obviously, the economy is helping us some in that situation, but we do value the employee relation that we have, the promise with them. And when you don't have the turnover that allows our productivity levels to rise without changing any of our standards, we have not cut back on the amount of service hours or anything. We think that's very important to maintain our brand promise and to grow as we expect to in the future. In terms of future quarters, year-over-year expectations, we did have a pretty good bump last year in the fourth quarter. So I think we'll continue roughly around the same rate that we are now, start to moderate towards the very end of our fiscal year. But probably still, I have some room for improvement even in the fourth quarter.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, we think we need to do both. We think that promotions in the near term can be a catalyst with news to bring our guests in. But we also think we need to take steps to strengthen the base business and give people a reason to come into Red Lobster unrelated to whatever the immediate near-term promotion is. So as we look at the most recent quarter, with same-restaurant sales up 13% in September, certainly very strong. But they maintained a 3% over the next couple of months as well, and we think that's beginning to reflect some of the improvements that are being made to strengthen the base business. So by that, I mean the new advertising campaign. Historically, the advertising at Red Lobster focused exclusively on product and what the promoted item was. Now we've got a campaign that is resonating with guests more broadly in terms of improvements that have been made at the brand, in terms of product quality, for instance, in fresh fish, that build the business after the promotion is done. Remodels is another example of what's helping to build the base business, even though we're only -- we're certainly not even halfway yet on that effort. So that impact is going to continue to grow. And Red Lobster is also testing a pretty comprehensive core menu change now that we think will contribute to base business growth in the future. So we're pleased with the promotional impact that we're having, but with remodels, advertising core menu, service enhancements, we're also working to build the base business at the same time.
Andrew H. Madsen: No, our goal isn't to meaningfully lower the check at Olive Garden. Our goal is to make sure that in the core menu, we have a broader range of offering for guests who are seeking affordability, but also an improved range of offerings for those guests that can afford to spend a little bit more and today are buying a Stuffed Filet at LongHorn or something from Red Lobster, for example. So the combination of those 2 things, we think is, yes, is going to continue to maintain the check about where it is, and we're going to have pricing each year that offsets the costs that go into the business. And we would expect that to contribute to growth in total guest counts and total sales that leverage the fixed cost in the business and contribute to still very, very strong margins at a unit level.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes. And I'd add to it by saying for our approach to work over time, not in any individual quarter but for our approach to work, we need to price to the net inflation in our business. In the first half, that was not the case because costs were so elevated. In the second half and for the year, it will be the case. But promotionally, what we need to make sure we do is run offers that attract enough total new guests that we don't have the same kind of -- that we don't have the negative menu mix that we had this quarter. We offered a compelling price point, but we didn't attract enough new guests with it, and as a result, we experienced more negative menu mix than we historically do, but it's primarily because we didn't drive enough incremental traffic in.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, and just before we get to beef, we saw at Red Lobster and LongHorn, the strategy we just talked about worked very well. It didn't work as well at Olive Garden because we didn't get the incremental traffic and because we had more check management than anticipated.
C. Bradford Richmond: And Michael, this is Brad. On your compensation question, first off, we look at managing through the total returns that we can get. And we look at our investments in our G&A spend as a way to enable the absolute high level of volumes that we have in each of our brands and by the industry leading return on sales that we have. That said, within the SG&A area, compensation is -- I don't have that exactly, but it's roughly 1/3 or so of all of SG&A. And for us, there is a fair amount of incentive compensation that varies with our performance.
C. Bradford Richmond: And I might just add to the answer on one of your earlier questions about outlook. And so I made mention in the opening remarks, if you think about the first half of the year, down 11%. With all of our brands performing as they did, including Olive Garden, if our seafood costs had been up 4% instead of 20%, we would have had earnings flat to last year. So that gives you a sense of the kind of the second half outlook that it really is more about cost than anything else. So that's another sort of add on there.
C. Bradford Richmond: And on beef cost, first I'd step back and say beef costs are about 14% of our food cost basket, and I'd go back -- and we know that there's going to be pressure on beef cost just given the nature of that and the grow-out cycle. But I'd come back to the advantage that we have of our portfolio of brands so we can navigate around that without having to do -- undo pricing at, say, LongHorn Steakhouse or at Capital Grille to deal with that and still make our earnings expectations.
