Brad Richmond: Well, thank you, Gene, and good morning everybody. Fourth quarter adjusted EBIT margins expanded versus the prior year at an ever great amount than in the third quarter. This acceleration was the result of reduced discounting at Olive Garden, a more normalized commodity cost environment, greater costs savings, leveraging our positive same-restaurant sales, and the contribution of the 53rd week. Additionally, 50 basis points of the restaurant expense improvement this quarter versus last year related to improved workers' compensation and public safety performance achieved during the year. This quarter, we began reporting marketing and G&A expenses individually. Marketing as a percent of sales was below last year due to lower but more normalized marketing support levels. G&A as a percentage of sales increased due to three drivers; higher incentive costs related to the strong business performance, higher equity-based incentive costs that are hedged and fully offset in our tax expense, and investor costs related to the cost reduction efforts that are more than offset by the identified cost savings captured in our performance. Sales for the 53rd week were higher than we previously anticipated. Along with our improved margins and low tax rate, the 53rd week resulted in $0.07 of additional EPS in the quarter. I want to direct your attention to segment level reporting we introduced this quarter, which provides additional transparency into our results. The four segments are Olive Garden, LongHorn, Fine Dining, which includes The Capital Grille and Eddie V's, and our other businesses which includes Yard House, Season 52, Bahama Breeze, Consumer Packaged Goods, and franchise revenues. The segment profit reflects sales less costs related to food and beverage, restaurant labor, restaurant expenses, and marketing expenses. It's worth noting this quarter's profit improved significantly for each operating segment. Now, the outlook we are sharing for fiscal 2016 today is based on our restaurant operating results, and does not include the impact of the real estate transactions that Gene outlined, and any related cash and capital structure activities we undertake. We will provide additional information on those financial impacts once the timing and specific details of the proposed transactions are final. For 2016, we anticipate adjusted earnings per diluted share of $3.05 to $3.20, that's growth of 20% to 25% on a 52-week basis. Improving operations performance is expected to contribute $0.45 to $0.60 of EPS growth in fiscal 2016. In addition, we have interest rate savings of $0.04 in the first quarter from last year's debt retirement of $1 billion. So, of the total, $0.49 to $0.64 of annual year-over-year EPS growth in fiscal 2016, we anticipate two-thirds of the growth in the first half of year, and the remainder in the second half. The front [ph] weighted growth is related to the timing of the reduced interest expense, costs savings, lapping on fiscal 2015 performance, and the benefit of the accelerated share repurchase in fiscal 2015. Our other expectations for 2016 include 18 to 22 new restaurant openings, with LongHorn and Yard House accounting for the majority of the openings. We expect same-restaurant sales increase for the company between 2% and 2.5%, Olive Garden growth between 1.5% and 2.5%, an increase between 2.5% and 3.5% for LongHorn, and combined growth of approximately 3% for the specialty restaurant brands. Same-restaurant sales will be reported on a 52-week basis, and will include several significant holiday shifts, in particular a Thanksgiving shift that will be moving into Q2 this fiscal year, compared to Q3 last fiscal year. Capital spending between 230 and 255 million with approximately 40% of that going to maintenance CapEx, approximately 30% for new restaurant spending, and the remainder going to refresh restaurants, technology, and other initiatives. We expect an annual effective tax rate between 21% and 24%. We anticipate fiscal 2016 to be a more normalized inflation environment, resulting in overall inflation of 1.5% to 2%, with commodity inflation of 0.50% to 1%, and we expect the price at the low end of the overall inflation range. Total annualized cost savings identified since October of fiscal 2015 have increased to $100 million to $110 million by fiscal 2017. That's $10 million higher than we announced in the third quarter. We realized 35 million of that savings in fiscal 2015. We expect 50 to 55 million in 2016, and the remainder in 2017. All of these savings expectations are net of any necessary reinvestments. We continue to evaluate all areas of our business to identify additional cost savings without impacting the guest experience. And now, I'll turn it back over to Gene for some closing remarks.
Brad Richmond: Yes, Brett, this is Brad. And we've aided that question some with providing the segment information that we gave there. So you can see in the broad picture, but as we talked about for Olive Garden, the less discounting was obviously significant portion to them improving their profitability, along with their same-restaurant sales came some fairly meaningful leveraging of their restaurant expenses. Their improvement in workers' comp public liability was strong as well, and particularly food cost getting more back to normalized level, in the first half of the year we talked about dairy being up nearly 20% to the prior year. And so that has much more normalized for them as well.
Brad Richmond: No, I would say this is really about meeting investor needs for insight to how Darden's performing and understanding our financial performance. As we talked about, first in our priority right now is really the real estate strategy and executing on that. And I think down the road we will look at the opportunity for segmentations of the brand and separations of the brands, but that's far down our list right now, but something that we can look at, but don't read into this particular segmentation as anything beyond just providing more clarity, more transparency into our financial performance.
Brad Richmond: Hi, Joe, this is Brad, and we put that in the all others, in that 2% to 3%. I would say the wage rate is probably in the upper-half of that range, but there's many other items that when you look at our P&L that would be bringing that overall inflation rate to the middle of that range at this point.
Brad Richmond: Some of the to-go traffic, if we sell entrees to go that is part of the traffic. If we sell large party items, such as pans of lasagna, anything that's bulk, and which we're doing a lot of. We're not taking any guest counts for that, Joe. And that has a 50 basis point impact on guest counts.
Brad Richmond: Yes, so what we've said is that we will keep the -- our plan is to keep the dividend whole between the two entities, between Darden post the separation, and then within the new REIT, the absolute value. So yes, we are very confident we can preserve that dividend, and actually continue to show some nice improvement or progress with the dividend pay-out ratio.
Brad Richmond: A lot of that is projecting pretty far forward, but what I can share is these are triple net leases. So the CapEx guidance that I gave would pretty much stay in place that we talked about for this fiscal year. It would be hard to say there's any change there. In terms of the free cash flow, the real driver there in --you see it in this particular quarter as well, is the improvement in the operating performance of the business. And then we gave you the information, that when a transaction occurs what that would do to depreciation, which is a non-cash item, but also to interest and all those. So we're projecting pretty far forward, but I think the thrust to the question on CapEx, things like that, wouldn't change. We have improving cash flows. You can add what our working guidance is right now in terms of its impact for Darden to the operating company.
Brad Richmond: Well, there's two things, John, one that the maintenance CapEx is now to keep the facilities up to the standards and expectations that we have. That amount is when you look at the size and unit the traffic that they're doing, that trend pretty consistent year-to-year. And in terms of the refresh opportunity, Gene touched some on the opportunities that we see with Olive Garden, but that work is still underway and we'll continue to evaluate that, and when we see the opportunity to invest more, that produces even greater return. We're comfortable doing that.
Brad Richmond: Yes. Let me be clear. Through the process that we're going through we aren't really cutting maintenance CapEx. We know the importance of keeping our facilities up to the standards that we expect. And so, as we look at that over time on a per restaurant basis, quickly we take out the Red Lobster disposition and its older base. The amount that we're spending on a pre-unit basis, we felt very comfortable as consistent with what we've done and maintained the facilities to the high level that we need. I do think that you're on to a point on the refresh that we talked about that in the past and maybe have had programs and things that one more capital than we should have spent. That's why you see Gene and Dave George in the team they're being very diligent, very cautious, taking the time to understand the money that we're putting back into the pre Tuscan farmhouse Olive Gardens and making the proper decisions there. And so are no -- there would be more updates as we get further through that.
Brad Richmond: I think it's going to be on a GAAP basis. Once the transaction is complete, and we again aren't sure about the exact timing of that. So it's a little ways out, but as always the case even today with the facilities we have, our GAAP number that's on our P&Ls and then the cash that goes to the cash flow statement that will continue to go forward. I don't think there will be a need to call out that difference.
Gene Lee: Thanks, Brad. Before we move to Q&A, I want to share a couple of final thoughts. Fiscal 2015 was a year of meaningful transition at Darden with the election of a new Board of Directors, as well as my appointment to CEO. We have made substantial progress towards our goal of returning Darden to a level of profitable sales growth and value creation our stakeholders expect. An integral factor in this progress is the strong working relationship between the Board and the Management team. This allows for a very open and constructive dialog, and has resulted in alignment around the key priorities that are driving our improved results. Our back-to-basics focus, which is rooted in strong operating fundamentals around food service and atmosphere is a key reason for our proved guest experience and business performance. Of course, this is brought to life everyday by our 150,000 team members. As I visit restaurants across the country with our leadership teams, I clearly see their enthusiasm for creating the best experiences possible for our guests. On behalf of the Board and the leadership team I want to sincerely thank each and every team member for their hard work and dedication. Lastly, I would like to thank Brad Richmond for his contributions during his 32 years of service, from financial analyst to Chief Financial Officer, he has impacted all of our brands, and more importantly, he has had a positive impact on every one he's had the opportunity to associate with. All of us at Darden wish him the very best as he enters the next chapter of his journey at the end of July. Now, let's open it up for questions.
Gene Lee: David, right now we're expecting traffic to be flattish for next year, which we think is going to end up beating the market by a point to point and a half. I've always said that the first barrier for us was to breakthrough and for Olive Garden to start to beat the market. We had a good quarter. We beat the market by a point and a little bit more if you add in the bulk takeout. So we're hoping that we can get the brand back to level guest counts, maybe slightly positive. And we would expect a little bit better traction in the back half of the year than the front half of the year as we still face some heavy discounting in the front half of '16.
Gene Lee: Okay, Dave, we got a lot going on with remodels. I'll start off by saying the initial 13 that we did which were pretty extensive remodels are trending in the mid-seven range above the system average. So in a six-way analysis they are performing, it's a little over 7% in same-restaurant sales growth above the system. We've done another 20 or so remodels at different investment levels that were just starting to get a read-on. We're also up in the northeast working on 20 different bar remodels trying to figure out what we can do with the extra capacity that we have up there. So I would say that there is -- we have a lot of test going on, we're really encouraged with the feedback and we're trying to continue to hone in on what's the right investment level, is there a couple different packages out there that we can deploy for that. So we don't happen to do this same package in every restaurant. I would also that Dave and the team are starting the initial work on Olive Garden of the future, and we've identified the site and we're really excited about building what I would call a "Contemporary Olive Garden," an Olive Garden that will be really competitive in today's environment. And I'm hoping that will be a significant inspiration into the future as we continue to refresh our older Olive Gardens. So a lot of activity, and I'm really excited about the initial results that we're getting from the original 13 we did.
Gene Lee: Yes, good question. I think what the Olive Garden team did first and foremost was they really rebuilt their systems and ensured they had the right system, the right packaging, and the right processes in place that enable this. This was really -- the insight came from our consumer insights team that said to the team, "Listen, to-go is only going to get more and more important to our consumer. You have products that travel extremely well. You need to build out this capability." So the teams that's been working on this for 18 months, they started off with the initial focus was a 100% accurate and a 100% on time. When you do consumer research around takeout, that's what the consumer really wants. Enabling it through web ordering has been a big help. We've also promoted, the team is getting ready to implement delivery. We think large party delivery is a big growth outlet. Over time, I expect and the team expects that 20% of Olive Garden's total sales is going to migrate to takeout, and we think that we're really well suited to take advantage of that opportunity.
Gene Lee: We're looking at both options right now. We do think that the third party dynamic is going to change dramatically over the next couple of years, and we're on top of what's happening in that space.
Gene Lee: Yes, John, we had -- let's start with March, we actually had a strong promotion over a weak promotion that drove traffic. That was our BOTO. The Easter holiday had some effect in March/April. When I look at those two months, I combine them, and then we are going over some heavy 999 discounting in May, and we backed off that this year. So when I looked at traffic for the quarter, I was overall pleased, I kind of wrapped up the quarter into -- I looked at -- last 15 out of 16 weeks Olive Garden has significantly beat Knapp-Track. We had one week in there, which was Easter week, the prior year that was for some reason we had a really bad week. That may have had more to do with promotional way to some other timing, but over the last 15, start of 16 weeks Olive Garden has significantly outperformed Knapp-Track. So I am pleased, I am not caught up any sequential trends where we continue to move our marketing spend to try to understand what's working and what's not. And when you make some commitments, sometimes it takes three to four weeks to adjust after you try something that might not be working as well as you like. Also remember we have 50 basis points of traffic that's not accounted for in our large party takeout. So we are not giving ourselves any guest counts for pans of lasagne [ph] or big pans of Fettuccine Alfredo. And that equates to approximately 50 basis points in additional traffic.
Gene Lee: Yes, David. A couple of components to that; first, I think our team is doing a much better job from a labor cost stand point. We're really focusing on being able to effectively plan our volume, and then from there, effectively plan the labor cost, and we've been able to take out a lot of cost that's built into the system. Compound that with the work the team is doing to simplify operations, for example, Olive Garden in the quarter, was able to take a 140 basis points of labor out, and improve their overall service metrics, which to me is exciting. I would also say is that, we've got teams doing zero-based budgeting with restaurants. And we're going up here in each of the brands, and were pulling -- across the country we're pulling every single invoice inside a restaurant, and we're finding things that have creeped in over the years from a basic restaurant operations perspective that we're able to take out. And so, I think our operating teams are doing a great job of going in and saying, for example, how many times do we really need to clean the carpets in a restaurant? There is a protocol, that you clean carpets once a month. If you do it more than that you end up actually destroying the carpet, and see really not a whole lot of benefit there. So we found a lot of restaurants that were cleaning carpets twice-a-month. So we've been able to find -- that's just one example of the costs the operating teams have been able to find over time. And so, this is really a bottoms-up, back-to-basics restaurant approach to remove costs from the P&L.
Gene Lee: Yes, the majority of the deep discounting we're referring to is the 999 promotional platform that we were running last year. We were running a lot of 999, 1099, 11 of the 13 weeks in Q4 fiscal '15, what we call, deep-discounted. We refer to anything below 1199 as really deep-discounting. We're still going to have to have some value platforms across Olive Garden to drive the business, never Ending Pasta Bowl is not going away, it's in the base; it's something that we're going to need to do. But strategically, last February, of fiscal '15, we went back in, and we added Cucina Mia to the menu so that we could have a 999 price point to offer everyday value to our guests. This menu item is gaining momentum. It's gaining momentum across a few constituents that use the Olive Garden restaurant. We're finding that millennials love the 999 Cucina Mia because they get to customize their meal. We also find the value seekers like that entry price point. What's interesting is that 50% of the people who enter Cucina Mia at 999 do buy an add-on. And so the price does come up. Our strategy all along was to introduce and get everyday value back on the menu, become less reliant on, what we would refer to as, a lot of deep-discounting to drive the traffic. We want to continue to migrate over to more brand building, more advertising around the food that people really love. We love to be doing stuff around our [indiscernible] which has a lot of following. So we got to continue to evolve that piece of it.
Gene Lee: Yes, we're really not in a position, Mr. Will. We're not in a position to go into a lot of those details. We've still got to work through some of those, and again I think we'll have more to say when we get to the point where we're filing our Form 10.
Gene Lee: Yes, I would say that I think we're getting a little bit -- as I talked about in the last call, I think we're getting a little bit of help from the consumer. I do think the consumer is looking for less discounting activity today than they were a year ago, or two years ago. We've had a lot of discussion around the gas, what we call the gas dividend that's going back to the consumer. I think there's a lot of expectation that that was going to stimulate traffic. What I've been saying is, we haven't seen it stimulate traffic, but we have seen it change the consumer behavior once they're in our building, and they're not seeking the deals the way they were years ago. We're seeing some more –- the consumers buy more add-ons. They're buying wine, dessert, apps. So I think that that is the environment, is helping us somewhat move away from these constructs, and we're just not finding them to be as successful as they once were, so we're able to do that. From a margin perspective, I would say that we're picking up at probably well over a 100 basis point from reducing this heavy discount mentality or strategy, and you see that in every line in the P&L. So you have less discounts, the food cost improves, your labor cost improves.
Gene Lee: The CFO search is ongoing. We're doing a thorough search, and we have more news. We'll provide you an update.
Gene Lee: Yes, great. Technology is a big part of our plan moving forward. I will start with Ziosk. We are rolling that out in Olive Garden. We are over 100 restaurants today. Our guest and server feedback continues to be positive. We are seeing similar results or better results than our initial test sales. So, we are really excited about what we are doing with the Ziosk in Olive Garden. We are working on web-ahead capabilities. We think that that's going to be an important part going into the future. People are going to be want to be able to put their name on sort of list. Ahead of time, they want to know what the weight is. It's all building on the convenience trend, that's important. We are trying, one of our goals in Olive Garden because we do have a lot of overcapacity on the weekend is how do we improve the wait. So one of the technological things we are doing is we are putting screens in the lobby, so people can see where they are in the wait, and the initial feedback from that has been really, really positive. A lot of other technological investments right now are around CRM. And we are working with a partner to continue to move that forward. We are in the early phases, discovery phases of developing a loyalty program, so a lot of energy and effort there. We are also looking at -- from a technology standpoint, looking at out PoS systems in restaurants trying to figure out what's the best way to go forward there. That's really it from a technology standpoint at this point in time.
Gene Lee: Well, some of the technology stuff that we are doing has to be implemented on the other brands. Olive Garden only has so much capacity. So we are doing a lot of web-ahead in LongHorn. And we look at each brand and say, "Okay, who has the capacity to do this to run the test, so we can get the results," so that the burden isn't always on Olive Garden in the testing process.
Bill White: Yes, Brett, this is Bill White. We are expecting rent escalations in the 1% to 2% range, and market rents will be at the -- we would say certainly in the market range, but at the more affordable level, but there will be a range there as well depending on the individual markets.
Bill White: Yes, Jeff, this is Bill White. The best way to think about the total value is take a look at the aggregate rents that we've shared with the group. So we're looking at essentially about a 135 million of GAAP rents or a 120 million of cash rent. That will be divided up amongst all those restaurants, both the individual sale leasebacks that Gene alluded to, as well as the 430 within the REIT. And I think the best way to think about the value there is really think about we are a dollar brand trade within the real estate space or the REIT space versus an operating company to get a sense of what that value differential could be.
Bill White: Yes, John, this is Bill White. Yes, we wouldn't want to speculate on that. We could just tell you that historically there is a pretty significant value differential between restaurant operating companies and REITs, but we wouldn't want to really speculate on the specifics about valuation on the REIT.
Bill White: There is a lot of other factors that go into that valuation, aside from diversification. Some of the factors that -- Gene mentioned the fact that this will be a 100% investment grade tenant base, and there is really no triple -- no public triple net REITs that are even close to that level, so certainly other factors would go into that.
Bill White: Yes, David, this is Bill. We're still working through some of those details. Unlikely that we would do a debt for debt exchange of some kind, most likely some type of debt raise at the REIT, but we're still working through all those specifics, and we'll have more to come in our public filing.
Bill White: Yes, this is Bill. The first part is the question on tenant diversity; it's certainly something that we're focused on. If we look at the strategy for the REIT going forward, and we think that we've developed a strategy that will be very well positioned to allow -- first of all, it's got very strong geographic diversification out of the gate. But then we'll be in a good position with enough excess debt capacity to be able to fund growth, as well as diversify through 1031 asset exchanges on a very efficient basis, with some highly desirable Olive Garden properties. We've got a good strategy in place for that. And then the second part of your question on -- 
Bill White: Yes, on the ground leases. The biggest issue, certainly something we examine carefully. The biggest issue we found with the ground lease is that they really require a commitment of locking in all of your existing option periods. In our case, 25-plus years of time that from an operating stand point really constrains and restricts your operating flexibility, to be able to go back and negotiate or renegotiate at those option periods, which have value to the operating company, as well as, frankly, just having less value, and typically not a very significant component of a REIT portfolio.
Bill White: Yes, Jason, this is Bill. It does include a portion of it. The majority of that debt retirement will come out of proceeds from the real estate transactions, but there will also be a component of cash coming up from Darden's balance sheet.
Bill White: And Sara, to your question about the repayment of debt, we would start with just sharing with you that we think the right comparison is not between the cap rate and the interest rate. It's really between the cap rate and the cost to capital, the weighted average cost to capital for a restaurant company. So it does come back to this notion that a dollar rent is going to be worth more to a REIT than a dollar rent saved at an operating company, less so about a optimal capital structure decision, more about the decision of owning real estate. Excuse me. So really paying down the debt allows us to do the size real estate deal that we desire we think creates the most value while not repaying the longer dated debt, and at the same time preserving the credit profile.
Bill White: Yes, lot of questions in there Priya, but we are actually launching the consent process today. So our preference is to not really get into a lot of the details. They'll give us an opportunity to speak to bondholders directly which is what we will be doing. What I can't confirm for you is that yes, we'll be paying down all the debt outside of the long dated 2035, '37. The '35s and '37s, those the bondholders will be seeking consent from and more to share about that later in the day. In terms of the process that will take to retire the debt, we're still formulating that strategy. Our first step is to speak to the long dated bondholders. And we're towards getting consent with those individuals. We should make it clear that consents not a requirement to do what we want to do, but it's certainly the preferred route.
Bill White: Yes, we really feel like that what we're going to bondholders with will be able to get consent. Again it's not a requirement and our preference is to not go into those details at this stage of the game. But our intent is to have a good conversation with bondholders and work with bondholders.
Bill White: Yes, we would expect leverage to stay around adjusted basis approximately where we are today and even improving with the improving operating performance for delivering. So adjust debt to EBITDAR. We would expect to continue to show progress and improvement.
Bill White: Joe, this is Bill. It will be a triple net structure and we are not quite in a position to be able to give you the breakdown yet amongst, we have given you the total rental, number of properties, we are still formulating the exact mix and trying to do, take all the steps to be prepared to know what the cost structure and other things will look like for the new REIT. So, we are just not quite in a position to go into the level of detail with you here today.
Bill White: No, I think that's a fair assumption, the only asset obviously in that mix is slightly lumpy to be our restaurant support center, but beyond that I think that's a very reasonable assumption.
Bill White: Yes, Jason, this is Bill. You're right on track. It's actually there will be a distribution from the REIT. The REIT will raise some debt, and send a distribution back at the point of spin or at the point of separation. That will come back to Darden and that will be one of the components. So the timing on some of that we would obviously expect to see some of the sale leaseback proceeds sooner. And then at the point of the separation, we will call it in the fall of this calendar year, that's when we see that distribution back from the REIT, and then addition to a component coming from Darden's balance sheet cash to satisfy that debt retirement.
