Gene Lee: Well, I think we are pretty clear on how sales performed throughout the quarter? We definitely had a tough wrap. And I think that we signaled that at the end of the first quarter that Lasagna Mia wasn’t performing as well as we had hoped. We pulled the promotional advertising for that promotion, and we focused on the introduction of $5 take-homes. I did say -- as I stated, as we introduced Never Ending Pasta Bowl and had comparable marketing trends, trends improved throughout the quarter. And I would say, it’s -- how we feel about the business is really in how we think about our guidance for the year. We’ve come back out and reconfirmed our guidance. And we feel as though that that business continues to perform well, continues to take market share in the industry, and we’re comfortable with where we’re at.
Gene Lee: Yes. That’s a great question, Sara. We did know that LongHorn was performing really well throughout the quarter. And we made a decision not to push extra TRPs into Olive Garden to try to make up for the slow start we had in the quarter. We have levers to pull if we need to. We chose not to pull them and decided to let the quarter play out the way it did. And that’s the beauty of the portfolio. We knew that we had really great strength in LongHorn and we didn’t upped the marketing spend. We actually spent less money in advertising and marketing in the second quarter than we did the prior year. So, I think, that’s -- we have to always pull back and say what’s going on in the business. I do think as we do go forward, we will continue to look at how we use value in Olive Garden to drive same-restaurant sales, but also compete effectively against our competitors. And we’ll have to continue to watch what our competitors are doing. And we’ll have to match that intensity. Olive Garden is -- when you look at what Olive Garden’s accomplished over the last four years, it’s incredibly impressive. And we believe that it is positioned to continue to dominate in casual dining. And I believe we have more leverage than most to pull, to support that business.
Gene Lee: John, we had two extra weeks of media in the quarter, you saw that in the restaurant level expenses. I wouldn’t give that a lot of the credence for the increase in same-restaurant sales. I think, as I said, the LongHorn team has been investing in this business for four years. Every state today is bigger or better than it was four years ago. They’ve invested in the bread service, they’ve invested in many other aspects of the overall operation. But, I think the most unique thing about LongHorn in this environment is that it is a smaller box with less employees than the average casual dining restaurant. Their ability to attract a top-quality employee, train them well and retain them, I believe enables them to execute at a higher level. And if I was to point to one thing that is driving that business, it’s that single attribute right there. To answer your question, is this a sustainable trend? I don’t know. All I know is this team has made -- has had a great discipline for four years, made a lot of really good investments, and I believe that they continue to do the right things every single day for their team members and their guests. And again, it’s a unique operation because it’s much smaller inside of smaller box and they deliver at a high level. And it all came together this quarter combined with a couple of extra weeks of media and they had a great quarter.
Gene Lee: Yes. Great question, David. I think, we’ll continue to focus on non-working media spend to see how much we can pull that down to help offset the inflation. But, we will try to spend from media standpoint at the same levels without increasing the overall spend for the brand. Now, I think,, as you know, as you get around the elections, especially when you’re doing a lot of national stuff and some spot television, you can get bumped. And try and make sure that we get our full complement of advertising as we move into the last six months prior to election, depending on the marketplace will be a challenge. We’ll try to work around that. We’ve got other levers that we can pull, social, we got TDIs, we’ve got some other things that we can do to help offset that if we’re not getting our full complement of advertising. But, we’ll continue to work and focus on making sure we’re as lean as we possibly can be on our non-working, so that we can maybe shift a little bit more of that into working to offset the inflation.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think, what we’re seeing in the industry is that there is more pressure on some promotional constructs that have now become permanent parts of menus. You’ve got a big competitor out there that’s stated they’re going to be continue to be very, very aggressive. But, I continue to look at -- when I look at Knapp and Black Box, I continue to look at the check average is growing north of 2.5%. So, the consumer is still paying 2.5% or plus more. So, I think that you’ve got to -- we’ve got to stay on top of what’s happening in the industry. We need to make sure that we’re offering value in our large brands across the platform. So, some value in price, some value in portion, as we try to attract and talk to each and all the different constituents that we have for consumers. I would say that Olive Garden is the value leader and that we need to stay focused on that in making sure that we have the appropriate price point for all the consumers that want to use Olive Garden. And I think that we have the ability to lead in that, not just follow.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think that $5 take-home has been a great addition to the off-premise menu for Olive Garden. It’s been well received from -- by consumers, will continue to evolve that platform over time. We think this continues to upside there. As we focus on off-premise, our biggest initiative is to improve the convenience for our consumer. We go back to -- we know the two most important things are on time and accurate. And as we continue to grow this business, we focus on those two things with the addition of ensuring that we have the right capabilities in each one of our restaurants. We’re investing capital dollars into our restaurants to ensure that we have the space and the right equipment to handle the additional demand. And that’s a big -- that will be a big effort over the next 12 to 18 months. And we think that we can take a little more friction out for the consumer. This is a very highly rated experience for our consumer, and we’ll continue to focus on executing at a high level. As long as the consumer demand is still there, we think there is opportunity to grow this space. And I’m really excited about what we’re doing. But, more importantly what excites me about what we’re doing from an off-premise standpoint is the quality of the experience and the quality of the product that’s leaving our restaurant. And, I believe that’s why our business continues to grow.
Gene Lee: Yes. Bottom line is that we’re operating better. We’ve got more stability. I’m starting to see a culture develop inside of Cheddar’s for the first time, one culture. Right? So, you go back to when we did the acquisition, we had these three distinct cultures. And for the first time, I’m feeling like we’re Cheddar’s of one. And I’ve said all along, this is not a brand issue, this is an operations issue. And I think our teams are making significant progress. And we’ve got stability in a lot of places for the first time. And again, this is the beginning of a journey. But, you look at the power of LongHorn. We have the stability and what we’re able to accomplish. Gaining 20 points a reduction in our employee turnover is huge. And I think we can do -- I think we can continue to do that again. And so, that’s really what’s got me excited. I think, we’re just doing a better job. I had lunch in Cheddar’s this week. It was fantastic. It was the best experience I’ve ever had in the Cheddar’s. And so, I mean, that’s why I think we’re starting to make improvement. It is still -- as I said, there is still pockets in the Company where we don’t have that stability yet, we don’t have that tenure, and we haven’t developed that culture, but we’re on a much better path.
Gene Lee: Sure. When I think of LongHorn, I would just say the management turnover is sub-15%, and it’s less than 10% at the managing partner level, which is very, very important. And I think, compared to industry of mid-30s. I mean, we’re -- that’s just -- it’s industry leading, it’s leading inside of Darden. We have tremendous tenure there and most importantly, we have tremendous pride in that business. And so, that’s a big thing. Employee turnover is in the low 60s. That’s looking much more like one of our upscale businesses. And so, you can do so many different things. Think about the lack of training costs that we have in that business and the rest of our businesses, because we’re so far below the industry, but especially that one there. And I think that really leads to great operations. And I think that’s what’s been driving. On off-premise, our position hasn’t changed on off-premise with the last mile delivery. We believe today -- we want to control the experience. We do have off-premise last mile delivery in Olive Garden. Again I’ll remind everybody $75 -- above $75, and if you let us -- if you call it in before 5 o’clock, the night before, we will deliver. That’s a big business. It’s a growing business for us. We’ve got an average check in the 300s. That’s business that’s really worth chasing and doing. So, we’re in it in our own way. But, as I think -- as we think about it as a team, we really like controlling that experience. And we get back to those two most -- those two critical aspects the consumer is looking for, on-time and accurate. And we control those when we control the overall experience. So, our position on the last mile delivery companies has not changed.
Gene Lee: I think, off-premise will continue to be a driver. I think, the $5 take-home platform will continue to be a strong driver. There’s a lot of innovation that we can still do in that platform. I think that we’ve got other platforms out there that will continue to strengthen whether it’s Buy One Take One, Never Ending Pasta Bowl. I think that the promotional pipeline continues to be strong. And I think that I want to pivot back to -- I think, this is an important time that we focus on running great restaurant, and staffing is the most critical thing that we face today in this employment environment. And so, we need to make sure that our Olive Gardens remain staffed with great people. We need to continue to focus on improving our employment proposition. These are high-volume restaurants. And I think that we win if we have the best people inside the box. I’m comfortable with our ability to create a strategy to continue the momentum, and I think there are drivers out there.
Gene Lee: Well, I think that -- Nicole, it’s an interesting question. I think that for some of our consumer -- because it’s such a broad audience, some of our consumer values a lot more about what they pay from a dollar standpoint, and they are looking for that entry level price point. For some of our consumers, value is more about portion size compared to price. And so, we try to find value for everybody a little bit differently. And I think you have to -- a brand that has such broad appeal, you have to have value and everything as just which part is important, the numerator, the denominator. We know that there is a guest base inside of Olive Garden that play -- that price plays a very important part of their decision making. And we have to have an offer out there a lot of the time, so that they will come to us. If they don’t have an offer, they will go someplace else. We know that through our token analysis. But, we also know that there are folks out there that look at value on say chicken Alfredo. When we increased the size of the portion of chicken, the value scores went way up, and that was very important to them. But, that’s on an entry level price point in Olive Garden. And so, we’ve got to think across a broad spectrum and define value different for each opportunity. But, we have to have something for that consumer that is very deal oriented. And we know we have to have that out -- have to have something out there most of the time.
Gene Lee: Yes. I mean, the prim demographic is 35 to 55 for Olive Garden. And we’ve talked about the fact that population for the prime dining out years is going to start to grow and continue to grow for a while. I would say, when we think about millennials, I think the one thing that millennials of all socioeconomic background like to do is have a lot of choice. They like to build their own meal. That’s why Cucina Mia has worked so well for that cohort. But, I would tell you that millennials that have lower incomes are looking for value, just the way other groups look for value at that point in time. And I think, we have to be careful with gross generalizations of this cohort as they transition into the next phase of their life. We over-index with millennials. This is a very millennial friendly brand. It is a very social brand. And I would tell you that millennials love the value of Olive Garden because they can stretch their dollars.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think, the brand that we made the most progress in was a Yard House. And the Yard House was positive before the Thanksgiving shift. So, we are very pleased to see that. And so, we’ll continue to find ways to try to use digital to promote these brands. We’re doing a lot of test and learn in those brands also to try to be effective. We’re trying to make -- we’re making progress in all of those brands. I would say that Seasons, as Rick alluded to, Seasons was the most impacted by the holiday switch. I think, we’re making progress in that business.
Gene Lee: I think they had -- I don’t know if they had a meaningful impact. I mean, they had some sort of impact on the quarter. I would tell you that this -- we’re testing some of this activity on a very small scale, trying to get an understanding of what can move the needle. I would say that this is an evolution. I think that we need to continue to use a new store development backfill strategy, so that we can become more efficient in some more markets to really make some of this stuff pay out a little bit more positively. So, I don’t know. I can’t give you a time to say, hey, this is when we think we’re going to have this all figured out. I would also add that in the digital world today, it is very, very dynamic. And I think test and learn and digital is going to be something that companies are going to be doing forever, because there continues to be new avenues and new channels in which you can get to your consumer, and that audience is very fickle today compared to what it used to be with spot TV. So, I think test and learn is going to be part of our vernacular for a long time.
Gene Lee: We’re still testing. There’s really no further update. We continue to analyze the results. But, at this point in time, we’re just in the same 10%, and we’ll continue to watch how that’s maturing.
Gene Lee: I think that we want to continue to see if there is something there. I mean, we’re trying to value the first party -- what’s the first party data worth to us and how much can we move sales with the loyalty program. We’re trying to get that read. And again these are -- this is a very, very, very big decision and one that’s very difficult to undo. And so, we have to have a high confidence level that this is the correct path to go down. And at this point we’re not at that level yet.
Gene Lee: Yes. I mean, I think it’s -- we’ve got -- we’ve had some huge calendar swings. So, I think the volatility on a comparative basis is still there. I think the environment is a little bit better than it has been in a while. I think that employment is still strong, confidence is rebounding. I think, the near-term risk of a recession has receded. So, I feel pretty good about the overall environment right now. And I don’t think that us as a team, we get too worried about day-to-day, week-to-week and volatility. I mean, it’s still there. There’s volatility around what your competitors are doing and what we’re doing. And we’re not -- we’re cognizant of trying to match promotional weeks, but we’ve had much -- we’ve been much more willing to make longer term decisions and let there be a little bit of volatility week-to-week with our marketing activities. So, it’s made -- something that makes a little harder to read in the short-term. In the long-term, it all works out.
Gene Lee: I think it’s -- might I have a real brief comment on that. This marketplace is going to be defined by winners and losers. If you have a strong value proposition and you’re executing at a high level, and that execution is going to be driven by your employment proposition. In this environment attracting, retaining great employees has never been more difficult. And those that can do that with a strong value proposition are going to win.
Gene Lee: Again, a little too granular there, all I would say is that our delivery program continues to grow at a good pace. And when we’re doing Never Ending Pasta Bowl, that’s not a great time, I mean it’s not one of our best periods for off-premise comp. It’s just not a promotional item that lends itself to that. But overall, I would just say that, $5 take-home was a big piece of what we have for a new offering. It got people excited. But, our overall off-premise business continues to grow with consumer demand. And I’m not going to get into a much more detail than that.
Gene Lee: Yes. I mean, Thanksgiving has turned into one of the biggest days in upscale, and they didn’t have that in the second quarter. So, I think that -- I think these upscale brands are performing really well. I mean, we have two of the best upscale brands out there today, very high volume with Capital Grille and Eddie V’s, and they continue to perform at high level. So, I’m excited about what they have going forward. As I’ve said before, I think their books look good through the holidays. These are exciting businesses and I’m very pleased with their overall performance.
Gene Lee: Yes. John, I think that we’ve talked about in the past. I think that these brands are in some of the best retail trade areas in the United States. They continue to face competitive intrusion. And you have to fight that competitive intrusion off. They are small enough for a one or two restaurants being down a significant number. It can have an impact on the overall business. As I said, I’m pleased with the trends in Yard House. Seasons, we’re making progress in Seasons. We’ve been able to pull out of a lot of the discounting that was happening in that business, which we believe was a good long-term decision that’s put -- that’s had an impact on the headline number. Bahama Breeze, we’ve had some competitive intrusion. We’ve also cannibalized ourselves in our biggest market Orlando, opening up a couple of restaurants that have had an impact on the overall system. And we know this market well. Those are places where we want to have restaurants. But, right now, there has been some cannibalization. I don’t really pay a whole lot of attention to some of those top line numbers. I pay a lot of attention to the individual restaurants in each group and I understand how they’re performing. These are well-positioned brands that continue to perform well. But, they are in the best trade areas in America and they’re facing competition.
Gene Lee: Well, I think that there is a growth opportunity with LongHorn. I mean, we’re concentrating on entering new territory slowly and we’re focused on trying to backfill where we have opportunities. We think the governor to growth is the human capital. This is a brand that is very important how we develop our culture and how we run it. But, we are on a path to do 15 to 20 this year, which is a pretty good number. We haven’t opened up any LongHorns in California. That’s really the last big territory available to us. We are going to open up a restaurant this spring in California to see how the brand is received. We’ll open a few more and will support that. But, we’re very-pleased with this. And I love the controlled growth, because to me that’s where -- we’re in 43 states. So, I don’t know where you got your number from…
Gene Lee: LongHorn is in 43 states today, over 500 units, closing on $2 billion brand. We’re going to continue to grow this. This brand has growth opportunity. We’re going to grow it responsibly.
Gene Lee: We look at every real estate opportunities, what is the best way? If the building has a good enough structure, we will do a rehab. We’ve done a few of those. If we don’t believe the building has the structure to really be a good place for a LongHorn over 30 years, then we’ll blow it -- we’ll tear it down. But, each individual site is evaluated through an economic lens and say, which is the best economic outcome for the investment.
Gene Lee: Yes. Stephen, good question. We have not had any emphasis on improving our off-premise sales in Cheddar’s. We believe this to be a big opportunity, and it’s an opportunity that we will tackle over the next 6 to 18 months. We need to go back and we need to develop good processes, understand what the -- develop good capabilities, implement online ordering, which is not accessible today, all those things are growth opportunity. And it all will be sequenced in when we believe we have the right operational capabilities to handle it. But you have identified a future growth vehicle for Cheddar’s.
Gene Lee: Yes. I believe that you’ll see us use that lever appropriately. We have been in the marketplace testing some new offers with some relatively short expiration time to see how they -- how the consumer reacts to them. It is just one piece of our overall tool kit to drive the business. Now we -- again, we have identified as we pulled out and slowed down our TDIs over last year, there is a consumer out there that will only visit our restaurants when we have an incentive out there. So, we need -- we’ve learned that we need to have something out there for this consumer. And we’ll continue to -- we talk about one of our focuses, when we talk about back to basics is our integrated marketing approach. And this is part of our integrated marketing approach is how do we use TDIs, how do we use other discounts or incentives and combined with what we’re doing on a promotional level too. We always think about those in unison. So, it is not a lever that we can pull. I will say for those that do look at our frequency, I would urge you not to look at that in isolation, because there are other parts of our media spend that have a lot more impact than our TDI spend, primarily how many total rating points we have in the marketplace.
Gene Lee: Yes. I’m going to probably dodge that a little bit and give you the standard answer that we’ll continue to evaluate our current portfolio and evaluate the opportunities to add to the portfolio. As you know we’re -- we continue to look at the opportunities out there, we continue to look at the opportunities internally, and we’ll continue to have those discussions with our management team and our Board. And while we’re doing that, we’re going to continue to focus on running the great brands that we have.
Gene Lee: No. I think that anytime you -- testing environment is small and it’s always different than a macro test. So, we’re not sure what else was going on. We made the decision. I think in hindsight we may have made that decision too quickly and didn’t give a chance to play out. But, we did what we thought was right -- right, wrong or indifferent. We made a pivot, and it’s behind us and now we’re moving on.
Gene Lee: I’ll answer them backwards. I think it’s just focus. I think, we’re focusing on those busiest hours, we’re asking for our top management person in the restaurant to be at the front door to help with that process. It’s like anything else in our business. When we focus on something, we get it. And management team, they’ve done a great job of focusing on that. I think, the beauty of the LongHorn quarter is I can’t point -- I’m not going to point to anything in specific. I believe this is a quarter where four years of investment, a couple of extra weeks of really, really good advertising that’s resonated with the consumer, great stability in the leadership roles in the restaurants, all came together and we had a great quarter. Anybody that tries to isolate and to point to one thing other than a one-time promotion, I believe it’s very hard -- very difficult to do. And I just think everything came together for LongHorn, great quarter, great job to the team. Anybody that’s out there listening, you guys did a great job.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. John, we still feel comfortable of our guidance for total commodity inflation of 1% to 2%. We were a little higher -- at the higher end of that range of 1.7% this quarter. A couple of things on beef. We’re really not seeing significant changes to what we thought would be in the beef market. The only thing we’re seeing from ASF right now, as we said a couple of quarters ago, we only have about 2% of our pork -- of our buy as pork. But, there could be an impact, 18 months from now into overall proteins. We are seeing a little bit in ground beef right now but we’re covered for the year on ground beef. So, we still feel really good about where we are. Chicken, we are starting to see a little bit of inflation, but we’re again we’re covered for that as well.
Rick Cardenas: A couple of things. One, we’ve said quite a few times that we don’t expect to have labor below last year for quite a while as we keep inflation. And so, this quarter played out, we’re about 10 basis points lower than last year in labor. The productivity, if you remember, a lot of that started with new restaurants last year around the third quarter and we started to see a little bit of an increase in productivity from new restaurants. That should start lapping itself. So, we still feel pretty good about managing our labor well the way -- based on inflation, what’s going on now. And we’ve all contemplated that in our guidance of 1% to 2% total inflation.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Jeff, every year at the beginning of the year when we guide, we guide what we think is appropriate and we adjust as things play out. And things have been playing out exactly as we thought, which is why we haven’t changed our guide. In the past, things have been a little bit better than what we thought in the beginning of the year. So, that’s why we’ve adjusted up. But, I wouldn’t say that we were more aggressive in this year’s guide than we have in the past. We used the same philosophy that we always have. It just happens that the first quarter and the second quarter didn’t outperform what we thought as much as it has in the prior year. That’s why we didn’t raise our performance. And we still have, coming into the back half of this fiscal year, chances of weather, chances of election and everything else is going on in talking about consumers having other things to think about. So, again, we didn’t change anything the way we’ve done things in the past, and we feel pretty good about where our guide is right now.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Brett. It’s Rick. In regards to the calendar shift -- lot of questions there, but, in regards to the calendar shift, they impacted -- it impacted brand differently. So, the casual brands were impacted favorably in general and the finer dining brands were impacted unfavorably in general, and each brand was impacted a little differently. Within the casual brands, Cheddar’s having the smallest positive impact. The regionality of that really wasn’t that different. So, it’s basically -- Thanksgiving shift was no different in one region than another. The only regionality would be whether. And market share gap for the quarter by month, we don’t really want to get into the change in share gap by months, other than what Gene said about Olive Garden being negative in the first month and having to dig out of that a little bit to get to be positive for the quarter. And then, on operating metrics for Olive Garden specifically, their operating metrics are at all time highs. So, there guest satisfaction, a lot of their different metrics operationally are all-time highs and they were at all-time highs for every month of the quarter. So, hopefully that answers those questions. But, thanks Brett.
Rick Cardenas: Chris, this is Rick. The check benefit from the $5 take-home was not negated by the NEPB, Never Ending Pasta Bowl. It was really the lunch investment that we made earlier in the fiscal year that drove our check down. If you think about Olive Garden check, Olive Garden’s check grew by 2.7% for the quarter. 2% of that was pricing, about 80 basis points was catering, and everything else washed. So, if you think about the 80 basis points of catering, you can think about that, like guest counts, since we don’t talk about -- we don’t give them credit for guests. But, to answer your question, no, $5 take-home was not offset by NEPB.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Katy. This is Rick. The Olive Garden, LongHorn were pretty similar in benefit for the Thanksgiving shift.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, John. It’s Rick. The calendar shift for Darden was 100 basis points favorable. As I said on the call, the casual brands were benefited by that and the upscale Fine Dining brands were hurt. And the upscale Fine Dining brands were hurt more than the casual dining brands were helped, but the casual dining brands are bigger. That’s why we’re at about 100 basis points.
Rick Cardenas: There weren’t really many brands in the middle. We’ve pretty much had casual. I also mentioned that Cheddar’s was the least benefited of the casual brands. And again, everything that’s Fine Dining that takes reservations was hurt.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. I don’t think -- we don’t believe that they’re cannibalizing future visits. I mean, obviously, I think the people make a choice, am I going to eat in or you out tonight, and we want to be in both those decision sets. I go back inside the quarter and say we started off, we had a great promotion last year with Buy One Take One and we had a promotion that was weaker. I think, it’s important that -- we’re sitting here today admitting that we didn’t hit the mark on Lasagna Mia and we pulled off the promotional advertising to support that. Not everything that we’re going to do is going to work, but you got to -- we recognize that this wasn’t -- something wasn’t right with it and we didn’t put the promotional dollars behind it, and we pivoted. And I think that that put us in a hole in the quarter, and we decided to let it play out. And that’s primarily because we had LongHorn doing well. So, I don’t -- I think that -- I look at it is all one big pool. And we’ve been saying it for you, we’re going to try to feed people Olive Garden where and when they want it. And I think that we’re doing a great job with that. And I’m excited about what we’ve done at launch. We’ve definitely improved that trend. We’re competing more effectively. And I believe into the future, we’ll have to make strategic adjustments to compete more effectively at dinner too. You’re constantly evolving in this business, you’re not staying still. And so, I’m confident in our team, I’m confident in our insights, and all I want to do is sell Olive Garden food to some – anybody that wants and anywhere they want it.
Rick Cardenas: We were definitely out there with a lot more incentives, and that was part of we need to be out there because we pulled back on the advertising spend. So, it’s just -- again, it’s a small channel in which we play in, but we definitely increased and we also were out there doing a ton of testing. So, test and learn just doesn’t apply to our smaller brands. It was test and learn inside of Olive Garden, probably the most test, trying to understand which TDIs would resonate with consumers, how long of time that they need to put on those to activate the consumer. So, we were definitely in the marketplace and it’s a great way for us to talk to our E-club members. So, again, I just think it’s a risk for you to look at all of that in isolation because the media spend was down significantly and we were testing and learning in this channel.
