Rick Cardenas: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. We had a strong quarter on both the top and bottom line. We significantly exceeded the industry benchmarks for same-restaurant sales and traffic, outperforming more on traffic than we did on sales. We also continued to underprice inflation, resulting in lower overall check growth relative to the industry. Our ability to make this investment and provide strong value to our guests reinforces the power of our strategy, which comes to life through our four competitive advantages and executing our back-to-basics operating philosophy. I am particularly proud of the way our restaurant teams continue to execute at a high level by being brilliant with the basics. This intense focus on providing great food, service and atmosphere enables them to consistently create memorable guest experiences. During the holiday season, Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse set new all-time weekly sales records, only to break them during Valentine's week. In fact, all of our brands achieved record total sales for the quarter. Of course, none of this would be possible without having the right people in the right roles ready to serve our guests. Our restaurants continue to be well staffed and our manager staffing remains at historic highs. Our leaders work hard to ensure each of our restaurants is a great place to work. During the quarter, several of our brands were recognized as industry leaders by Black Box Intelligence. LongHorn and Eddie V's received the Best Practices Award, which evaluates the brand's employee retention as well as sales and traffic performance. Olive Garden, The Capital Grille and Seasons 52 were honored with the Employer of Choice Award, which is based on workforce data, including employee turnover and gender and racial diversity. We know from our recent engagement survey results that our overall level of engagement is very high, and our team members understand what is expected of them at work. This is helping drive high guest satisfaction metrics, both internally and externally. Data from the American Customer Satisfaction Index shows customer satisfaction is down across all industries. However, across all of our brands, our internal guest satisfaction ratings remain exceptionally strong. In fact, Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen, Yard House and Bahama Breeze achieved all-time highs during the quarter. Additionally, for the second consecutive quarter, the Darden brand was ranked number one among major casual dining brands in each measurement category within Technomic’s industry tracking tool. Even with the traffic growth we achieved during the quarter, to-go sales remained strong, accounting for 26% of total sales at Olive Garden, 14% at LongHorn and 12% at Cheddar's. We continue to leverage technology to make it easier to order a pick up and pay without having to pass the added expense of third-party delivery on to our guests. Our teams are executing the off-premise experience at a high level. For example, to-go orders accounted for 33% of Olive Garden's total sales on Valentine's Day, and they significantly improved their ratings for both on-time and order accuracy for that day. For the quarter, digital transactions accounted for more than 62% of all off-premise sales and 10% of Darden's total sales. Finally, we opened 7 new restaurants during the quarter across 7 states. Our new restaurant opening teams continue to do an excellent job of hiring and training new team members and successfully opening these locations. We are on track to open 25 net new restaurants during the fourth quarter, and I am confident in our ability to do so because of our well-prepared leadership pipeline and the tremendous support teams we have in place. We are fortunate to have the best team members in the industry, and I am proud of the focus and commitment they continue to display. On behalf of our senior leadership team and the Board of Directors, I want to thank all of our team members for everything you do to nourish and delight our guests and each other. Now, I will turn it over to Raj.
Rick Cardenas: Hey Brian, this is Rick. Let's talk about our staffing. As we mentioned on our call, we're very well staffed. We have more managers per restaurant than we’ve ever had in our history. So, we feel really good about where we are. We’re not going to talk necessarily about what our wage growth will be next year. I will say that even before COVID, wage inflation was in the mid-signal-digit. So, we will continue to work with whatever the economy comes our way and however we can handle that. But we have a great employment proposition. Our turnover is significantly reducing. It's getting closer to our pre-COVID levels. And we still think we've got room to improve our turnover. We're hiring great people and we're being as discerning as we had been before COVID. So, we feel really good about where we are. And we'll talk about our inflation targets and our pricing and all of those things in June.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. David, let's talk about the macro for the macro consumer. But if you think about where our guide is for the next quarter, if you look at it versus pre-COVID, you take out the Omicron change and the Never-Ending Pasta Bowl change that we did in Q2. When you think about pre-COVID, our trends are very similar, even what we're thinking about for Q4. So -- but as you think about the state of the consumer and the state of the economy, we've said this in previous calls, there's been a shift in spending from durable goods to services, restaurant businesses are benefiting from that. What's interesting is, for most of calendar year 2022, customer sentiment was pretty bad, but consumer spending was significantly high. So even though they were thinking that things were bad, they were still spending. And so, we think as long as the unemployment rate is low and wages are increasing, consumers should continue to spend. Casual dining same-restaurant sales improved sequentially each quarter during the fiscal year and our positive gap to the industry improved, especially in traffic. So, we feel like what we're doing is really helping us. I will also say the data from our proprietary brand health tracker suggests that most consumers are not pulling back from restaurant visits and they do not appear to be trading down from full service to limited service based on the data that we have. Now there is a tension between what people want and what they can afford. Consumers continue to seek value, which is not about low prices, consumers are making spending trade-offs. And food away from home is one of the most difficult expenses to give up because going out to a restaurant is still an affordable luxury for them. And so, what does that mean for us? For our brands, we believe that operators that can deliver on their brand promise and value will continue to appeal to consumers, despite economic challenges. And that's what we remain focused on doing, no matter what happens in the industry and whatever happens to the category.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Jeff, this is Rick. The interest rates really aren’t making a huge impact in our business. We actually have a significant balance in cash. So, higher interest rates has actually given us a little bit more interest over time. You think about our new restaurant openings that we have seen inflation, as Raj mentioned. And so, we're being prudent in looking at some of these deals and saying, you know what, we might wait just a little bit of time to see if we can get a second bid sometimes during this year, we're only getting one bid for some of these sites. So we want to be prudent. But the interest rates really haven't done anything for us. And if you think about the consumer, they're still spending. We'll see what happens when these credit card balances, which were at record highs in December, come due, but they're still spending today. So, so far, nothing in our space. As it pertains to return of cash, we have a very strong dividend as we announced it again today. We feel like that's one way we return our cash to shareholders. We'll talk about our capital returns coming up in June. But it hasn't really changed our outlook and what we think about our long-term framework. So, if you go back to our framework and how we return cash to shareholders, we've got targets for our rough dividend as a percent of our earnings and how much we buy back in shares. This year, we've bought back somewhere in the $400-and-some-odd million and our share count target that we gave you would imply a little bit more in the fourth quarter. But we'll talk more about our return on cash and our long-term framework in June.
Rick Cardenas: Well, Jeff, I think if you think about March, when you think, volatility will happen in March just because of shifts in spring break. So you have to take that into account. But trends are fairly consistent. So, when you think about a state might change where the spring break is. So, that will show volatility at restaurants. But in general, we feel like our trends haven't really changed much.
Rick Cardenas: Hey Josh, this is Rick. We're not going to get into too much detail on our promotional plans, but I would say that our marketing spend isn't going to be significantly different year-over-year. It might be 10 to 20 basis points either way, up or down as we think about next year. But as we've said before, advertising is always going to be part of Olive Garden's mix because of the scale advantage they have. And so, we'll continue to leverage that scale advantage with Olive Garden. And we'll use the filters that we mentioned before, to evaluate any marketing activity, elevating -- it has to elevate brand equity. It has to be simple to execute, and it's not going to be at a deep discount. And so, we plan on sticking to that strategy. But if things dramatically change, we'll react accordingly. And as we've said many times in the past, if and when we increase our marketing spend, we'd expect it to earn a return compared to where we would have been without it. So, it should be a positive ROI, and it shouldn't impact our -- it shouldn't hurt our margins.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Josh. The manager role in our restaurants is the most important role we have, especially the general manager, the managing partner. And being fully staffed there gives them more time to spend with their team and train their team, develop them, make them stronger and just spend that time forecasting their business and spending time with guests. If you're under staff managers, the restaurant doesn't run as well. But the other thing about being fully staffed with managers and have the highest staffing in our history is that that helps us open restaurants going forward, right? If you think about our pipeline of new units, we have about 25 net openings coming in this quarter, and we are ready for it with the managers that we have. So, there's a lot of benefits of being fully staffed managers can spend more time with their team, they can spend more time with guests, and we have the managers to open our restaurants.
Rick Cardenas: Well, our strategy has been this strategy for quite a while, and we plan on sticking to it. It's really helped us over the long term on whether inflation has been high or inflation has been low. If inflation comes down or things slow down, a lot of our pricing is already built in for next year based on where we are right now. And so, we'll be able to react accordingly. In the long run, we plan on pricing below inflation. But in any 12-month period, it might be a little bit higher, a little bit lower than inflation. That said, we believe that our scale advantage gives us the opportunity to find cost savings so that we can price below inflation in the long run, to drive a better value for our guests. And as we said earlier, guests appreciate value, especially when or if the economy slows down a little bit, they go for places that they get a great value and they get great consistent experiences, and that's what we intend to provide.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. In the past, we had talked about our lower income consumer, over the last few quarters, the mix shifting down a little bit, but still being above pre-COVID. The good news is we haven't seen a material change in mix from the last time we talked to now in that lower end consumer. But if it manifests itself, it generally starts with managing check. Generally, consumers will manage their check first, and then they'll manage their visits later. And so far, we really haven't seen a whole lot of check management. So, that tells you, based on what I said earlier, consumer sentiment was pretty bad in '22, but consumers still spent. And as people shifted to restaurants, we benefited. So, we haven't seen it yet. We may see it. And when we do, it will start at check probably and then it will impact probably more likely impact our lower-end consumer brands, not that they're lower end brands, they just have a bigger mix of lower-end consumers, and it will impact less our high-end brands. But that's the benefit of a portfolio and the portfolio that we have that we can withstand shocks to one segment of the population.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Andrew, this is Rick. I will say that if you think about our confidence returning a TSR of 10% to 15% in any one year, we've said many times that in any one year, it could be below that or above that. And remember that’s earnings growth and dividend yield. I will say, go back in our history since we've been a public company, we've never had a 10-year period that we have had less than a 10-year -- 10% annualized total shareholder return. So, we feel confident over the long run that we're going to get to 10% to 15%. We're not going to talk about next year. But I would feel like we're pretty confident we should be able to get there.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Jon, this is Rick. What we said earlier is most customers aren't. Now, that doesn't mean there aren't any customers shifting from full-service to limited service, but most aren't. And we're not really seeing that in our results. So, others might be, but what we have been doing is providing a great value. We've actually taken a lot less pricing than most of our competition. So, that might be a reason that others might be seeing that when we're not. And we're improving our guest experience. So, at the same time that we've taken pricing that was lower than inflation by Raj said, 400 or 500 basis points versus pre-COVID, we've been improving our experience. Our customer satisfaction is growing. We've had records at Cheddar's and Yard House, as I mentioned already. So, I think that's what people will crave when environments get a little bit tougher. They crave things that provide them a great value. And that gives them a consistent experience. And we've been doing that, and we'll continue to do that.
Rick Cardenas: No, I'm not suggesting that it's only our brands. What I'm saying is that most consumers aren't trading down. Some are, but most aren't. And in prior big downturns or things like that, we had a lot -- we had a lot more consumers trade down. We haven't seen that. Now, when I talk about specifically to our brands, our satisfaction is up. Our value is better than it was before. So, there's a little bit of both in my answer, industry and us.
Rick Cardenas: Hey John, it's Rick. We're not necessarily going to talk about specific triggers. What I can say is we're going to be very prudent in our marketing spend. We've done a lot over the last few years to simplify our business to make it easier to operate and we've done a lot of testing during this time on what marketing really does drive. And when things change dramatically, we may change. But right now, we're going to continue to stick to our strategy of making our communication be much more branded, elevating brand equity, simple to execute, and we don't expect it to be a deep discount. So, we've -- this industry has gone through this before, buying guests, and we're not ones that are going to go out and buy guests. We're going to continue to do what we do and strengthen our business. And if things change, then we may react.
Rick Cardenas: Yes John, thanks. It's Rick. One of the things I want to let everybody make sure they hear is we're not going to risk margin, significant margin declines because of what happens in the economy. If food costs go down, think about what we've said in the past, a 1% decline in commodity inflation will offset a 2% decline in traffic, all else equal, with us doing nothing. So if commodity costs come down and inflation comes down, we can weather a little bit of a traffic decline and still get to the same EBITDA. So, I think we have to think -- and the industry has to think long term about how they drive traffic through discounting. And we have made that shift and we made that shift, even started it before COVID to drive traffic through better experiences, better overall value and not discounting to a very small -- a small portion of our guest base. So, that's our strategy going forward. If things change, we'll let you know.
Rick Cardenas: Hey Chris, I would say that I don't think it's just this quarter. I think it's been a long time what we've been doing. We've been underpricing inflation. Even before COVID, we started underpricing inflation, and we've been putting more on the plate. And so, we've actually invested while underpricing. And so, if you look at variable margin, contribution margin, just take Olive Garden, for example, you can't do the math. But if you look at contribution margin in Olive Garden, it's lower today than it was before COVID. But their margins [indiscernible] are up. So our consumers are seeing that they're getting more value when they come into the restaurants, and that doesn't take -- it doesn't take a week to figure that out. It takes them a long time to figure that out. And that's why when we talk about what we're doing, you have to think about this over the long run because we're not shouting out to the rooftops that we've done this. The closest that we did to that was brought Never-Ending Pasta Bowl back at a $3 higher price to show people that we still have some great value in our restaurants, and Olive Garden being on TV talking about the things that make their brand special. Right now, where we've got back on our advertising and sauces sold and talking about our freshly made cases every day, while we still have a 15-second spot talking about our never-ending first course. And so -- and that never-ending first course is on us. There aren't many brands that actually give you never-ending that for every item that you order. And so, again, it's not something that we necessarily talk about. We don't go out and shout from the rooftops that we have lower prices than others do or we've priced less. They see it as they come into our restaurants, and that builds over time.
Rick Cardenas: What I would say is versus pre-COVID, our data would tell us that -- that we're getting a little bit younger than we were before COVID across all of our brands, and that's somewhat driven by an increase in to go business. But the great news is a lot of these folks had actually used us for to go for the first time, and that's their first visit to us, are actually starting to come into our restaurant, too. So it was kind of a handshake to come in. And so we're slightly younger, but our consumer segments are fairly similar to what they were before. And that's great news for us. We're also getting a little bit more frequency in our core guests. And that's really what we've been focusing on. So, the good news is our consumers are not that different. They're slightly younger. That means that we don't have to really change what we're doing because we can keep talking to our consumers just like we have been before.
Rick Cardenas: Hey Katherine, this is Rick. You probably see it just as much as we do. But I can tell you that there's a big competitor that just went back on TV and they talked about it before, they did it. And you've got some of these other competitors that are out there a little bit more on television than they were before. That said, Olive Garden still is usually in the top 2 or 3 of advertising spend in our space, and we're doing that through branded kind of advertising versus deals.
Rick Cardenas: Andrew, this is Rick. Let me start by saying that satisfaction at Olive Garden and LongHorn are significantly high, and our other brands, our fine owning brands are very high. And so it takes a little bit more to move them up significantly versus what we've seen at Cheddar's and Yard House. Cheddar's and Yard House and others have made significant improvements to their brand, significant improvements to service and significant improvement to value, and customers see that. And so, we've had great performance at our -- at those brands that I mentioned, having record highs. But I wouldn't tell you that the others aren't at or near their records. It's just Cheddar's and Yard House actually made a record this quarter.
Rick Cardenas: I think we always look at what -- where we have opportunities within menus, within brands, within regions of the country, and we will never stop. What I would tell you is we feel really good about where our pricing is, and we feel really good that we've been able to price well below what most of our competitors have done. And that gives us, as Raj said, some room to take a little bit more pricing if we want to take a little bit more pricing. And so, we will always look, and we generally try to price restaurants into strength and not into weakness, and we have a lot of great data scientists here that help us look at that. And we also talk to our operators and get their perspective. So that won't change no matter what happens in the economy or what happens with others. We'll continue to do what we do, and we feel like we've earned the right to keep doing what we've done.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. David, I don't want to talk necessarily about the second half of fiscal -- of calendar '23 because that's fiscal '24 for us. But I think if you look back in history and you look back in other slowdowns, if that is what happens, and you look at some of our brands, Olive Garden significantly outperformed during that time because guests go for -- where they see value and they go to trusted brands, and I think Olive Garden is one of the most trusted brands out there. So, we would expect that we could outperform. I can't say we will, but I think we -- I think that's what our history would stay. And so, we're going to look at our marketing mix just like we've done in the last few years, and we may move it a couple of tenths here or there. But unless something dramatically changes, we don't anticipate doing anything differently.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, David. I would say when we bought Cheddar's, we thought they had a lot of opportunities ahead of them. We still believe they have a lot of opportunities ahead of them. And we're going to be prudent on their growth as we make sure that they have the leadership teams for their restaurant to grow. I said it at ICR that the world is littered with brands that grew too fast, and we're very, very strategic on how we open our -- grow our brands. And so, the days of 10-plus percent growth for a brand at Darden, that doesn't happen very much. And so with Cheddar's, we're going to be prudent. We're going to open in the single digits for a little while to see how they continue to do. And as we infill markets that they already have restaurants in, and we find ways to get into new markets, as long as we have the people to do it, we can grow them. And I will tell you that John Wilkerson and his team have done a great job developing their people to have people ready to open these restaurants. And the more pipeline we have of people, the faster we can open.
Rick Cardenas: Hey Lauren, this is Rick. 700 basis points of outperformance is pretty strong. It all really depends on what the total traffic growth is for the industry. If we do -- if the industry is growing at 1%, do we expect to get 7% every quarter in outperformance, no? And if anybody would say that, I think that's thinking a little bit too hard. We're very pleased with that outperformance of 700 basis points this quarter, but we wouldn't expect to be 700 basis points every quarter. And there might be quarters that we have lower performance and traffic than our competition. But we think about this over the long term. And over the long term, we expect to outperform.
Rick Cardenas: I don't want to get into the detail on calls we're getting or valuations we're getting. All I can say is we've said before, biggest competitive advantage we have is our scale. And one of the ways to build that scale is to buy other brands. And as volatility reduces, price discovery improves. And so, that's what we've got to continue to think about. And interest rates have made some change. So, we still feel like we'll talk to our Board when the right opportunities come to play, and we'll be ready when they do.
Rick Cardenas: Hey Greg, thanks for the question. What I would say, first of all, is we've got that long-term framework of 10 to 30 basis points of margin expansion. We had significant margin expansion during COVID. And we talked about it last year that we'd probably give some of that back this year. So, we had significant expansion during COVID of over 200 basis points, I think to 250, and now we're closer to 150 pre-COVID. And so, as we think about going forward, as we get to our long-term framework and we still think our long-term framework will hold over time. And some of that will come probably at maybe a third to half of that will come below the restaurant level as we think about leveraging other costs. But as traffic grows and same-restaurant sales grow, we should still get some from the restaurant. But G&A should be some of that savings going forward.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Brian, let me start by saying we've had a reduction in turnover, which has been helping us. Our team members are starting to learn more about what they do, especially the newer team members. And as I mentioned earlier, our manager staffing is at pretty high levels. And so, they can spend more time teaching their team and getting more productivity out of their team. Without getting into too much detail on turnover, our turnover is closer to pre-COVID levels than COVID levels. And we would intend to get it back towards those levels. What I would also say is our gap to pre-COVID isn't that different than it was. So, as the industry gets better, we're getting better. And so, we feel like we'll continue to improve. And what we've seen over the last couple of quarters is a really big improvement in turnover. So, I think people now feel like they understand how their -- what their job is and how to do it. We've actually spent a lot more time, as I said on our last call, every one of our General Manager, managing partner conferences in August, talked about how to make our each whatever brand a better place to work -- an even better place to work. It was already a great place to work. And those things are bearing fruit. So, our turnover is getting better. Our first 90-day turnover is significantly improved from where it was just six months ago because of the focus that we're putting on training and making sure that those team members feel up to speed before they get thrown out on a busy Friday.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, John. We really haven't seen a whole lot of change in mix across of our brands. And I would say value brands versus not, if you look at our release today, we had same restaurant sales ranges between the different segments between I think it was 10.8% and 11.7%. So three of our segments I think actually had 11.7% comp. And our total comp for the company was 11.7%. So it's very consistent across. And all of our brands had very, very strong same restaurant sales. 
Raj Vennam: Hey Chris, this is Raj. Good morning. So, when we actually look at our underlying traffic trends versus pre-COVID, excluding the noise from holidays and weather and promotions, they've actually been fairly stable month-to-month and that has continued into the fourth quarter. And basically, everything we know of the quarter-to-date is incorporated in our guidance. But when you step back and look at versus pre-COVID, it's pretty stable.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Chris, I think the way we think about pricing is we look at total inflation. And I think as we talked about, over the last three years, we’ve underpriced inflation by over 400 basis points. And also, we’ve underpriced full-service CPI by over 600 basis points. So, we created a significant gap between our competitors, and it positions us well as we head into the next year. We'll share more thoughts on our fiscal 2024 pricing plans the next -- in the June call.
Raj Vennam: Well, I think we've talked about inflation being one of the big things, right? When you look at construction costs have gone up quite a bit, especially when you compare it to pre-COVID, and we're ramping up growth. So, we do have -- I think this year, we said we're approximately 55 new units and then we talked about next year kind of in that 50 to 55 as well. So, it's really a function of the increase in construction costs. I think on the construction cost front, especially the FF&E for new restaurants has been growing quite a bit. And so that's -- it's -- you're seeing a 25-plus-percent increase in those costs related to pre-COVID. So those are really the big drivers. But having said that, given the improvements we've made to our business models and where our unit economics are, we still have pretty strong returns on our new units, and we continue to want to grow that. And that's why we do want to try to target as much growth as we can. Now, we're going to be disciplined in how we do that. But we have -- we're being a little bit more selective, but still, we feel like we have opportunity to take share.
Raj Vennam: Yes. David, I think we have -- basically, we're going to be under 6%. So call it, 5.5% to 6% is probably what we're running or expect to be running in Q4.
Raj Vennam: Hey Jeff. It's actually what you said. It's the commodities inflation. We did -- as we said last call, we thought Q4 was going to be flat, closer to flat. And then now that we're saying that's in the -- solidly in the low single digits. So, when you kind of layer that in, that's where the growth is a little bit less. But outside of -- that's really the primary dynamic that's different.
Raj Vennam: Yes. So a couple of things. The new units, I think we talked about, part of it is just the construction delays and the challenges we've had. And we are still opening quite a few. I mean, our expectation for this year is approximately 55 new openings. So, we're opening quite a bit. As far as the comment on the returns, when we look at our new units actually -- especially the recent openings have actually outperformed on the top line more than we expected going into. So, they are actually opening at most of our brands. They're opening at volumes that are exceeding what we would have estimated going into the -- when we approved the capital for the project. So overall, we always had a lot of headroom in our -- in terms of the returns versus our cost of capital. And so, we are exceeding the hurdle by a wide margin even with the increased construction cost.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Dennis, I think we've talked about this year -- we've been purposeful and deliberate in actually choosing to price where we price, right, over the last few years because of the gains we have had versus pre-COVID. Our intent would be to try to grow from these levels. But in a given year, it can be different. Ultimately, we do go back to that 10% to 15% TSR. That's the EPS growth plus the dividend yield. And how we get there, any given year might be different. But from where we are starting at the end of this fiscal year, we expect to build margins over time.
Raj Vennam: Yes. I think you're going to see a little bit more of Olive Garden openings just because they have the best returns in the portfolio, and they have -- we've shared that we think there is more opportunity for growth coming out of the pandemic. So, you might see 20ish in for them and then mid-teens for LongHorn and then everybody else making up the rest.
Raj Vennam: Yes. We always focus on -- that's the opportunity for us. When we talk about our scale benefiting, we always are trying to take costs that are not directly impacting the guest. So, that's really restaurant expenses and G&A are the two places where we think our scale benefits us the most in terms of being able to take costs out, leverage our scale. And so, we do expect those to continue to be -- maintain a wider gap to pre-COVID, positive gap.
Raj Vennam: Hey Brian, any given quarter, I think the brand to brand, it's a function of the pricing versus inflation. So, if you look at -- and frankly, as I mentioned, in the third quarter, beef was the biggest surprise, right? So for instance, our LongHorn and to some extent, our Fine Dining brands, they weren't prepared for that level of inflation. So the pricing hadn't been in place. And like I said in the past, the way we think about pricing is we're not going to overreact to near-term fluctuations. We kind of think about what's truly the more secure part of the inflation and try to price for it. And so, there was a little bit of really noise on that front this quarter that impacted the other segments. With that said, Olive Garden is our largest brand. I mean, that is -- it makes up over 50% of our sales and 55% or more of that profit. So for us to grow, you got to see Olive Garden to have some growth, or it takes a lot of heavy lifting from everybody else to make up. But the other thing with Olive Garden was we did -- some of the costs did moderate from where they were in the second quarter. So if you recall, second quarter, it was the other way around where the margins were deteriorating. And the third piece is Olive Garden was disproportionately impacted by Omicron last year. We talked about that last year. Now, as we wrap on it, they're benefiting from some of that. There were labor inefficiencies last year, so -- especially for them because of their geography and because of the demographic mix of their gas, it hurt them most and now you're seeing them outperform the most.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Brian, I think that's -- so obviously, as you mentioned, sales is the biggest part, but we are seeing turnover get better. And I think we called out last year, we had a lot of sick pay and some inefficiencies in labor last year because of Omicron. And so that's actually also helping. But you do see a quarter-to-quarter improvement, right? I mean, I think we progressed by over 100 basis points from second quarter to third quarter. And that's really the function of sales delta. We had almost $300 million more in sales, and that helps with a lot of leverage. And then the last piece, as I said earlier, is the retention is getting better, and that helps with improved productivity.
Raj Vennam: Yes, Brian, I think I'm not going to comment on past Q4, but I will tell you that if you look at where the pricing has been, second quarter was 6.5%, third quarter that we just completed was 6.3%, we expect fourth quarter to be under 6%. So the peak pricing for us on an annual basis is behind us. I think it's going -- unless something dramatically changes, we see pricing coming down. And I can -- and I know not to compare to some -- everybody else, but the -- when you look at what's happening in the market, I think most people are on an upward trend on pricing. We think we're actually from here on a downward trend. And -- but overall, though, that's actually translating into the results we've talked about. And then when we started the year, we started with 100 basis points -- target of roughly pricing below inflation for this year of about 100 basis points. I expect us to end in that range.
