Gene Lee: Good morning, Sara. You know I think about the demand in the space right now, we saw some improvement in April in the benchmarks, maybe fell off a little bit. I would describe the environment as volatile week-to-week, but overall, the demand has been fairly good for the casual dining brands that are well positioned with strong value propositions. In your question you brought up the fact that there are some folks, other brands out there heavily discounting and are being very promotional. We’ll see, we think that that’s not the right place to be right now. We are very pleased with how we – we lapped Olive Garden in the fourth quarter. We thought they had a very very strong quarter. On the LongHorn side, the LongHorn two year stock was approximately 6%, and one of the things that I like where we are in LongHorn right now is we’ve been able to really pull back on some of the incentives that we’ve been, we’ve had in the marketplace not really like our profitability. I really like our margins structure comparative to the other Steakhouse players. So you know sometimes the headline same restaurant sales numbers not all -- all is not the entire piece of the puzzle. I like to look at the whole business model. I am thrilled with LongHorn’s performance in the fourth quarter and a two year stack and you have to remember in LongHorn these are very small boxes that our strategy is that we maximize the blocks and then build another restaurant three miles down the road and that’s how we ended up with 45 restaurants in Atlanta, Georgia.
Gene Lee: Very purposely on this, you know, we all I will say is that our team did a great job of implementing a new promotion to laugh over the Buy One, Take One. And as you can see by our results, we had, we had a very strong quarter. The other comment I would make about the quarter and the promotional strategy and the advertising strategy is that and I said this in my script. We have made the choice to invest some dollars into brand marketing away from promotional activity, which we -- where we believe will drive overall, enhance the brand overall, but is not as effective as your pure promotional advertising. And we think we saw some of that benefit in the quarter of the investments we’ve been making in, the value platforms and advertising that. And so, again I’m very pleased. I think the team did a great job getting you know of lapping one of our most popular promotions, which we had run for an extended period of time earlier in the year. And so the total number of weeks of exposure for that promotion were down, but not down real significantly. So – the team did a great and we're very pleased with the overall results.
Gene Lee: Jeff. This is a lot in there. Again, it's hard to predict the future demand in our space. We have tendency to want to look back at the past as a predictor of the future. More discretionary income for the consumer should be good for restaurants, and I'll keep coming up to. Should we good for the well-positioned that have strong brand propositions and have strong value equations all throughout the menu? I still think that the consumer does not want to be told what they have to purchase in your restaurant to get value. They want value in everything that they purchased and that's why these promotional constructs are somewhat – I don't think it's as effective as they have been in the past. Now, as far as our gap and how to think about that, I think that we've had a very good sustained performance of – out performance of the industry. And when we think about it what we're really focused on is how do we invest in our businesses to ensure that we can hit a long-term framework over time of 1% to 3% same restaurant sales growth. And were not trying to maximize the quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year, and there are times when we really need to make investments to ensure that our value perceptions improving and is better than is better than our competitors. And that's what our focus is. When we think about our guidance for next year, I'll just reiterate, I think what Rick was trying to get across is, we expect Cheddars to be a little bit of a drag to our other brands and have an impact. And that's why that we're down at 1% to 2%. And at this point in time we believe we have the right recipe, no pun intended to really improve the operations in the Cheddar's system and drive same-restaurant sales. But we all know that trying to drive same-restaurant sales to operational improvements takes more time than coming up with an advertising promotional and advertising gimmick to the drive sales. We want to build the foundation that can move this business forward and sustainable for the long-term. And that is our plan and we're going to stick to it. And so that's how -- that's when we think about our guidance. That's what's was impacting it.
Gene Lee: All right, David. I don't believe that going from nine promotions to six promotions had any impact on our comparable store sales throughout the quarter. We believe that simplifying a promotional construct allows us to execute at a much higher level, at the restaurant level. We believe that it takes some cost out of the overall system from a training standpoint, from a supply chain standpoint. Our belief that we as restaurateurs sometimes get bored with our own messaging faster than the consumer does when you look at the frequency of our consumer. So we believe this was a really important move in our simplification effort and we believe it had no impact on our overall same-restaurant sales for the year or the quarter.
Gene Lee: Yes. I'm not going to put a timetable around it. Our challenges are significant here especially in the acquired franchise restaurants. And we had to weaken the base of the base restaurants by pulling human resources out of those restaurants that help staff, the acquired restaurants. I would say around this is you know they're in their 14th month of integration, which is really the low point. And even I think about where I was at and how I felt at the 14 month of integration when we were acquired. It wasn't a great place. And I talked, there's a few others on my team around what it was like. And we're thinking about that and trying to help the Cheddar's team really focus and get back to what we call, brilliant with the basics. We got a great team. We got great people. They all want to do the right things. We just need to ensure that we can help them, get those basics. And we're going to start with staffing. The turnover rates are too high. We're not fully staffed before we can make meaningful improvement in the overall guest experience. We're going to make meaningful improvement in the team member experience. So we're focus on those basic things. How long that's going to take? I don't know. Obviously when we start wrapping some of the weaker comparables, hopefully we can get back positive at that point in time.
Gene Lee: Yes. On that relationship going forward, I think that we believe in the relative share model and Cheddar's relative share in the markets in which they compete in is very low. And prior management had a – I was really adverse to adding a lot units into the marketplace because of the headline comp number. And the example I like to give is that we've got – we're doing over a $100 million in sales in Olive Garden in Orlando Florida and we're doing close to 22 or 23 million in Cheddar's. So the opportunity is for us to be able to do a lot more volume there which is going to put pressure on the headline number in these markets that we're growing out. And so we think long-term that the real focus on Cheddar's for us is going to be how do we grow top line sales by adding units and maintaining a relatively healthy comp number, but we can add 15 units to the Orlando market and expect comps to be solid. But we think by becoming more – by having a bigger relative share we will increase the overall profitability of the overall business.
Gene Lee: I think we're within 24 months of having a couple restaurants open in the great state of California.
Gene Lee: Well, the way we think about this is the process from the back door to the table. How do we simplify all the procedures? How do we simplify the processes between the grill and the expediting station, and how we quickly get the food to the table? So we break it down into those areas. I think as we think about pure menu simplification, it's the art not the science. It’s the art of being able to put a menu together that covers all the significant areas that your guest want to be covered without having a lot of products doing or working in the same ways and ensuring that you have unique interesting products in each of those categories. And if you do that, I think that you can create -- artfully create a menu that meets the consumer needs, but yet allows you to simplify your execution, so that you can execute that product at a really, really high level. And when we think about our industry no one has done this better than Hillstone. And for many, many years they've had a very limited menu and executed extremely high level. But if you ever study their menu, they do a wonderful job of hitting every possible area our consumer might want to dine. And I think that's what we're trying to do is, remove the duplicity in our menus with similar products really providing an opportunity for our guest to eat what they want but without having two choices in the same particular area. And that's where we're focused on. And we think there's still – we believe there's still lot of work to be done here. And so, at the end of the day, we need it to deliver on the food side, a product that's executed the way it's been designed to be executed with and being delivered extremely hot and favorable to the guest. And that's what we're obsessively focused on.
Gene Lee: Let me provide an update on this. We have met with and have test going on with all third-party delivery services of scale. There continues to be significant hurdles that we need to work through, such as how do we ensure that these delivery services will enhance our brands? Can it be flawlessly executed for our guests and our team members? Can we create a sustainable incremental growth at scale that's additive to our company? Can we agree on viable economics? And lastly, can we ensure that we own the data? Now, those are the things that we need to really work through in order to get to a place that we are -- we can partner with one or two of these organizations. We're still testing, doing small order self delivery. We'll continue analyze what the opportunity is there. We also recognize that we have 400 plus restaurants out there that are participating on a local basis with some of these companies. Those aren't what I would call sanctioned tests, but they are part of what's happening. We think this is an interesting space. However there's a lot of hurdles to get over also including how do we deal with a $0.5 billion we're doing in Olive Garden take-out sales today and how would that's be impacted and what the margin impacts are of that? So that's our update on where we are with the third-party delivers. We are continuing to meet with them and try to understand what opportunities are.
Gene Lee: The overall business in Olive Garden is strong in all periods. We continue to focus on value at lunch. We continue focus on value from three to five. And with Cucina Mia! platform and some of the other value platforms that we're running when this Giant Meatball was a hit, and the Stuffed Fettuccine was a big hit. That was right in the sweet spot of what we're doing of our core guest. So we're seeing strength all throughout growth of business. I wouldn't point to one particular period.
Gene Lee: Yes. I don't think that's meaningful. I think that's more about someone reorganizing their balance sheet. I think there'll be continued store closures and there'll continue store openings as the weak continue to struggle that aren't as well-positioned, they maybe overexposed. But I don't -- I still think that we're going to see a net positive unit growth going into the next couple of years.
Gene Lee: No. That's something – this is – I mean, I truly believe that we need to invest in to 180,000 team members who bring our brands to life every single day. We continuously evaluate our position in the marketplace from a benefits and overall employment proposition. And we believe these were the right things to do in order for us to maintain our leadership from a retention standpoint. And I believe we have the best team members in the business and I want to continue to reinvest with them when I have the opportunity. I'm very thankful for what they do every single day. There's no one sitting around me here that serves one meal or cooks one meal. These people do it. And I want to continue to reinvest in them.
Gene Lee: No, not at all. I mean, I think that the -- I would call the acquisition indigestion we're having with Cheddar's today was the exact same that we had with LongHorn 10 years ago. I mean, I think we've got -- I've got a very long-term approach to this. And I look and I understand that we are going to have some issues as we integrate brands, but I look at where we are with Yard House today and Eddie V's and in LongHorn and Capital Grille. Cheddar's is going to work its way through this, and its going to be a dynamic brand. And not all these are going to move at the same level. We continue to do it what we call post-game analysis after we do these acquisitions. One of things we did this time is, we moved a little faster with integrating into our systems. We think that was helpful. Hopefully that will play out that we'll recover a little bit quicker. But this has no impact in if anything would make me more confident in our ability to do it.
Gene Lee: No. We can't give you the impact of it, but we just know that before we owned it that they were promoting extremely heavily to keep their same-store sales positive, so we didn't have an opportunity to retrieve the deal. And we know that before we got into really the integration, they were continuing to keep those – that promotional cadence alive. We believe like other brands that compete in this space that promotional activity and marketing is not key. We want to put those dollars on the plate. We want to create value where the consumer can see it every day. And I think we all know that there's another competitor out there that does that extremely well and we want to take that strategy and implement that strategy and keep the strategy with this brand. We will continue to focus them on the basics. We believe that we have great competency and in executing the basics of the restaurant operation that we're going to focus this team on doing that.
Gene Lee: I think all those types of things are contributing. I wouldn't point to one specific demographic indicator. I think there is multiple indicators out there that are contributing to the overall growth of the well-positioned brands. And so that's definitely not hurting. But I wouldn't I would attribute it singularly for Olive Garden's strength.
Gene Lee: No. We're not going to talk about for competitive reasons for that kind of detail. The one I'd say, I'll get this in is that over three-year period we were up 50% in our off-premise. So our teams have done an extremely good job of ramping up the experience and improving the overall satisfaction of our take-out -- our off-premise consumer. Our guests love the experience. Our team has done a great job with it. They're going to continue to improve their capabilities as the business grows, but a job well done by the Olive Garden team, 50% over three years is fantastic.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think the way we would describe it is that it was a headwind with the amount of units, fast casual units being added. That headwinds probably been diminished somewhat as the unit growth for that segment slowed. And I know I think that categories economics are difficult and we've been able to actually come in and give the consumer better value with full service experience. So that's how we think about. We think that the headwinds been removed.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think as you look at the guidance we've only increase the CapEx by – well, not the CapEx, the share repurchase by $50 million year-over-year. So it's not a significant change. But we do know that because our share price went up we needed to do that. We have plenty of debt capacity if something comes along that makes sense for us, but we're not going to talk necessarily about specific acquisitions or doing acquisitions. We know that our long-term framework works with or without those in acquisition.
Gene Lee: Well, I would go back Matt to the significant huddles I described. We need to get comfortable that we have solved for these, especially in our – its going to be brand enhancing. And so our goal was to meet the consumer needs state of convenience. We're going to continue to focus on that. There are no limitations on a number. We believe through our research that we're capturing up a lot of occasions in Olive Garden. We wouldn't capture the people that using our off-premise services that would probably not come into our restaurants. We believe that people are from the most part the decision-making is and my taking out or dining in tonight, and then they decide where they're going to go. So I'm not as concerned about what the number is. I've said in the past, I think if the consumer – the need state continues grow Olive Garden's off-premise could go to 20%. How we get that, that still yet to be determined. We are focused right now – continue to be focused on large party catering, over $100 with 24 hour notice. We like that business. And we're being -- it's been very well received by the consumer set.
Gene Lee: Yes. On the first part of the question I think that we're going to continue to execute our strategy and try to drive the off-premise business. The 9% number does not bother me at all. I think at a two-year stack at 25 and we got a three-year stack of over 50 on an annual basis. So that's healthy. And where is this coming from? I think its trading out of grocery and with some extent, I think for the first we've seen – I saw a chart recently where food, out of home, eclipsed the grocery sales. I might not have that full accurate, but it's pretty darn close. So I think people are just thinking about convenience differently. And we also – let's not forget we have a demographic wave with millennial's coming our way, which could benefit us over time. And there's a lot of good data out there about this demographic wave.
Gene Lee: I will get into some dangerous territory here for me to speak to too openly about this as our competitors would love to know what our promotional cadence was going to be next year. All we'll say is I think that our team has executed six promotions extremely well. They kept them fresh for a longer period of time. They use some innovative tactics to do that. And I want to continue encourage them to be creative and to be able to run our promotions on a longer scale and try to reach more consumers through innovative, integrated marketing opportunities. But I'm not going to signal what our promotional calendar is for next year.
Gene Lee: I'll take the latter part of that first. We see nothing when we look across the individual ADIs. Sales are little weaker in New England in that marketplace, but for the most part it's fairly similarly as we look across the country. Why do I think casual dinning in general is struggling to grow traffic? It’s a mature industry that is somewhat over-restauranted and in an environment like that it's going to expose the weaknesses of brands that aren't positioned well. And that's exactly I think where we are as an industry. And those who have been willing to do less guests, charge more money and try to make additional profit that way are going to end up paying a price. And the brands that are focused on maintaining their guest counts and even driving their guest counts and willing to give up short-term margin and pricing below inflation and competitors will continue to take share. And I think there is some really good brands out there that are really well-positioned that continue to do that. And I think we have a lot of them in our stable. I think we're better positioned than most because of our scale and what we're doing with that and insights. And we'll continue to stay focused on that. But we see an opportunity in a mature market to gain share.
Gene Lee: No. We're going to be focus on staffing our restaurants, simplifying our operation and improving and mastering the new systems that we put in. Right now these restaurants on average do over 6000 guests a week. I want to delight those guests with a great experience and that's our focus right now.
Gene Lee: In the Cheddar's system, yes, we've got them fairly much aligned on the right -- on the similar pricing structures and it’s a good question, because that was painful but it was the right thing to do.
Gene Lee: First of all, we're just verifying, but our advertising spend in Olive Garden was not up for the quarter or the year. And so I don’t know what you are looking at, but I believe it was actually probably a little less.
Gene Lee: No comments specifically on marketing spend, just take – go back to our framework and where we are going to be, we wouldn’t anticipate marketing as a percent of sales to be significantly different year-over-year but no comment on specific ad spend.
Gene Lee: Yes, so we mentioned total synergies for the year. I’m not going to go specifically for the quarter, but total synergies for the year were about $10 million and about half of those are in cost to sales. And, that helped price – offset pricing below inflation. The other part of your question on G&A, we would anticipate as we’ve said before to leverage G&A every year maybe by 10 basis points, so if we are at zero next year that would imply zero EBIT margin, that would imply that our restaurant level margins were down 10 basis points, but we are not saying we are going to be at zero, just assume we probably will get about 10 basis points of leverage in G&A.
Gene Lee: Yes, you’ve got to understand about when we take contract and when we buy, we have in our presentation that’s out on the website our coverage this year is about, we’re about 65% covered from for the first half of the year which is about where we were last year within 5% plus or minus and all of those we believe will be at low single digit inflation primarily. So that’s why we think for the year the inflation number we have given is appropriate.
Gene Lee: Well we are talking about single digit -- 0% to 1% inflation in commodity. So, it’s really a function of when we buy we are pretty much covered as I said 65% and it’s also a function of where we are last year and what last year’s cost. Now, if costs come in lower, and we take coverage when we do, we’ll let you know but right now we still believe that our commodity inflation assumption is accurate.
Gene Lee: Hey, Howard we think it’s really important because these delivery services are net neutral sites. However, their goal is to sell as much food as possible. On their platform we will ensure that we own our data and our data is not used against us. And that’s very very important in this whole negotiation and we want to be able to benefit from our own data but we want to ensure that our data is not used against us and we believe on our platform we talk about data being one of our competitive advantages and we have over the last decade, we have been behind a lot of trends because we’ve built our own proprietary systems so that we can own the data. And we believe that that’s going to be key going forward. So it’s an important part of this negotiation.
Gene Lee: Thank you. That concludes our call. I want to remind you that we plan to release first quarter results on Thursday September 20th before the market opens with a conference call to follow. Thank you for participating in today’s call.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, David this is Rick. On the comps, the reason that we are at the lower half of our guidance range is as Kevin mentioned on the beginning of the call we are including Cheddar’s next year in our total comp. And as Gene mentioned, we still have some things to go through on the learning of the integration. I mean, we would expect Cheddar’s to be on the lower end of that range, so that would bring us down from what we’ve finished this year a little above 2%. So that’s where we on the comp side. On the margin side, the real difference, the real reason that we be either at the lower end or have very little margin growth next year is the additional workforce investments we are making and based on the tax reform, which actually helps on the tax line. So we’ve got those two things, we’ve got the workforce investment, and actually we are pricing well below our inflation, as you think about what we talked about our pricing ranges normally, and our inflation ranges so both of those things should cause our margins to be at the lower end of our range.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, it’s more of the latter. If you think about pricing and as we’ve said our strategy is to -- is to leverage Darden’s scale, price below inflation, which we’ve done for the last few years and we expect to do that next year.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Brian, I'll start with the second question. I would say you're probably closer to flat to 20 basis points than on the higher end of that range as the follow-up to the question. And if you look at our restaurant expense line, it's primarily workers comp difference versus unpacking anything else. But the big driver of the drop in restaurant OpEx is workers comp and the synergies that we've gotten from the Cheddar's acquisition.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. There are a few other factors. As I said, we have taken -- we have increased our margins couple hundred basis points since we announced that framework. We've also taken significant cost out of our P&L. We continue to find other costs to take out, but we have been reinvesting a lot of that. Just to frame it, it's only a 10 basis reduction in the top end. So it still – it's only going from 40 basis points to 30. But as we've mentioned we continue to price below inflation. We put our price below our competition which is our strategy that put pressure on margins. And we use the Darden scale advantages to find other cost saves to help that. Wages are, as we said our hourly wage we have inflation of around 5% in our guidance for this year. And so that's why we're bringing that down. There's nothing structurally different other than wages are little bit higher. We are continuing to go after our strategy of pricing below our competition and pricing at a range that doesn't drive a whole lot of top line margin at the restaurant level.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, John. This is Rick. I'm not going to give specific numbers, but we segment our consumers into different groups. And the ones that we are focusing on and the ones that are high-frequency and most recent, and that group of consumers is growing faster than any other group that we have.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, I think you are looking at the actual income statement which didn’t have Cheddar’s in all of last year. When you look at total marketing spend, as we said as a percent of sales, our marketing was down 10 basis points. We are at favorable 10 basis points, so that would have been mainly adding another brand with other sales.
Rick Cardenas: Yes Jake, we haven’t specifically called that cost savings over the last year or so, because we’ve generally been reinvesting those savings. And so the only savings we’ve been talking about are synergies from the Cheddar’s acquisition. We did get cost savings in the fiscal year that just ended. We reinvested those as Gene has mentioned in the past, we have reinvested in food quality, in people and other areas. So we are really not ready to talk about any other cost savings.
Rick Cardenas: Absolutely. That is one of our reinvestments. We did price below inflation, when you include labor and food cost, we price below inflation and if you look at check growth in the industry, our check growth was well below the industry for this fiscal year and the last quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Jake, I mean you’ll start to see us slowly bring back some promotional activity. But right now our focus is on getting our restaurants staffed and ensuring that we are scheduling properly and that are we creating great guest experiences in all of our Cheddar’s-- I mean this is really back to basics and the system has been through a lot, we got – they are all great people. Myself, Dave, George we are fully aware. We went through this, we are fully aware what they are going through and we want to help them get back to doing basic things and when is the right time to start adding some more promotional activity we’ll add some more promotional activity. We have great people trying to do great things. We are just here to try to help them get accelerate that.
