Clarence Otis: Thank you Matthew. As many of you know, after what has been an extended period of same restaurant sales declines this is the second consecutive quarter of same restaurant sales growth here at Darden. And as the economy recovers even at a pace that is much slower than any of us would like, we’re increasingly confident we can sustain same restaurant sales growth going forward. So we think this is a good time to reiterate how we view success for our business in an environment that supports growth. And quite frankly, we feel good being able to talk about that after what has occurred over the last couple of years. Our long-term target for same restaurant sales growth is 2-4% and that has been the target for some time now. It’s a level, which when combined with the 4-5% new unit growth our brands will generate collectively, enables us to do two very important things - one, grow market share in full service dining and two, grow diluted earnings per share 10% to 15%, which is our long-term target range. The other important variable in all of this of course is costs, especially labor and food costs. And we’re confident that with the level and composition of top line growth I just described we can deliver 10-15% earnings growth even as we see volatility in one cost category or another. And the reasons for our confidence are our very robust support platform and we think just as important, our track record of success in working on a consistent basis across the company to make that platform more and more efficient and more and more effective. This year we’re better able than we have been in a couple of years to show how our approach works and that’s because given our results for the first half of the year we’re on a pace to be at the lower end of our long-term range for same restaurant sales growth for the full year and likely to be at or higher than the top end of our 10-15% long-term target range for EPS growth. So from a big picture perspective we’re delighted. The worst seems to be behind both our economy and our industry and we’re even more delighted with how our company’s year is shaping up and with how we’re positioned here at Darden for the future. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Brad for more details.
Clarence Otis: Thank you Drew. Let me close by just saying we’re very pleased of course with our 26% earnings per share growth this quarter and with our sales growth of over 5%. We’re even more pleased with what that says about the state of our business. As I said at the outset, we have worked hard for some time now to develop a more robust and more cost efficient brand support platform and our level of earnings growth as we begin to enjoy same restaurant sales growth is a reflection of the progress we have made. In parallel with that work we have taken steps to strengthen our portfolio of brands. More specifically we have put in place a portfolio that has very strong unit growth prospects and our total sales growth, which reflects meaningful growth in our share of full service dining, speaks to our success on that front as well. In short, we’re delighted that Darden is extremely well positioned. Again, we’ve got great brands, we have an increasingly effective and efficient brand support platform and most importantly, we have exceptionally talented people who are working well together. Those are the reasons we were able to deliver financially once again this quarter and they’re also why we believe that as the economy continues to recover the best is yet to come for our company. And with that we will take your questions. Thank you.
Clarence Otis: Yeah. I think I’ll invite everyone to comment so I’ll start. This is Clarence and I would say for sure it’s not about pay incentives. And so we have got an incentive structure that really pivots off both sales growth and earnings growth and beyond that it also pivots off relative sales growth and relative earnings growth. So real incentive to make sure that we have competitively superior growth in both of those metrics. And pay goes up a lot north of 15% and so there is certainly an incentive to work there. I think Brad really touched upon it. We have got an economic recovery where the pace continues to be uncertain. We’ve got a consumer environment while stronger than it has been, continues to have some level of fragility to it. We’ve got a winter quarter ahead of us and weather is always a wild card in our business. And so we think it’s prudent given all of that to provide you with the guidance that we have provided you with. I think from an invest in the business perspective we feel comfortable with the level of investment in the business that we started the year with. And so I don’t know that we’re reamping a whole lot up. I think Brad mentioned one of the places where we are and that’s just on the capital expenditure side because we are accelerating the remodels at Longhorn and we are taking advantage of a challenged real estate market to build the pipeline for new units for next year a little faster than we had anticipated.
Clarence Otis: I would say just one quick add is we certainly learned the importance of television advertising and we did make a slight shift at Red Lobster into digital from television and we learned that that is probably premature.
Clarence Otis: Yeah. I will kick off on the specialty restaurant group and then Gene will add the real observations and Drew will handle the second question. I’d say for sure we have seen a greater bounce back in the more affluent customer. And so we see that at our mass market brands, we certainly see it at our specialty restaurant brands as well. But they also have other pieces to their business that are bouncing back nicely as well.
Clarence Otis: No. I would say we certainly see improvement and we expected improvement as we look backward to the more difficult times that we all experienced in 2008 and 2009. We started to emphasize value a lot more than we had in the past and our goal is to get back to more balance in our promotional calendar, in our message to consumers in our advertising. And we’re starting to try to pull back a little bit and that pull back is going to take more time at Red Lobster and it’s going to take a high level of skill. And so those are the two parts of it.
Clarence Otis: And I would say Drew talked about Red Lobster’s current promotion, which is a surf and turf promotion. We’re very specific about the price points there. So three different price points, 14.99, 17.99 and 19.99 versus a starting at and only mentioning the bottom one. So we don’t think it means that we have got to have a low price across every promotion but certainty about what the price is is very important.
Clarence Otis: Yeah. I don’t think we want to get very specific but I would tell you that tough is a relative word. So last year the overall environment was pretty difficult and this year it’s better in the first half of this year than it was in the first half of last year. We expect it to be better still in the second half of this year and when you compare the second half of this year to the second half of last year it’s a much better environment. And so while on the map the numbers may be as you said, when we talk about the environment in which we operate it is a much better environment. And we think that we should expect to do much better in that environment than we did in the tougher environment. And I think we’ve shown that just through the first half.
Clarence Otis: When we talk about that we’re also looking at the entire promotional shifts there. So one, we did feature at Longhorn they had a price pointed feature on there that was well received but also had a little bit of higher food cost. Guests, if you give them an array of products and they typically find the better items on there. So that put upward cost pressure for us as well as what Drew talked about on the Endless Shrimp, particularly changing the price point for the latter part of that promotion were the really two big drivers of that. And in particular the percent of guests ordering Longhorn Steakhouse dinner for two this year was much higher than the percent of guests ordering their price pointed promotion last year in part because it was a more compelling promotion and in part because more people knew about it because of the network/cable.
Clarence Otis: I think that shows up in our restaurant labor line where you see the productivity gains there when we do have meaningful same restaurant sales, how our business model can convert then to meaningful earnings growth. So obviously we pay attention to each line item on our P&L but we’re more about optimizing the total than any particular line.
Clarence Otis: And this is Clarence. I would just say as we look at that level of share repurchase authorization that’s out there we would expect three to four years to use that. So it will be some acceleration from where we are today. So to where we are within that range will depend on some future decisions about the mix between share repurchase and dividends and that is yet to be determined. But we want to make sure that we keep good balance there and we’ll be back to you as those decisions get finalized.
Clarence Otis: I don’t think we want to comment on what our promotion is going to be in January. But obviously we have got increasing confidence about what it’s going to take to deliver affordability and increase same restaurant sales profitably. And that’s reflected in the tactics we’re going to put into the market in the third quarter.
Clarence Otis: About 20 more this year and we’ll complete all of the remaining restaurants within the first quarter of our new fiscal year.
Clarence Otis: Well, it’s a little too early for us to comment on preference of new items. It’s the third week in November that we introduced the menu but things like New England lobster rolls under $15, parmesan crusted tilapia, pecan crusted jumbo shrimp - they all tested well and they all earned their way onto the menu meaning they were going to get at least menu average preference. So we’ll know more at the end of January/early February at our meeting after two or three months in the market.
Clarence Otis: Yeah. I would tell you as we think about it John, our goal, our long-term target range is 2-4%. And sort of where we are within that range is going to depend on the macro environment and obviously when the environment gets as challenged as it has been over the last couple of years and we see the kind of softness that we haven’t seen in generations, it’ll fall well below that. But 2-4% is about what we think. As we think about that range on a normalized basis we would expect pricing to be 2-1/2 points of that and sort of balance with the traffic. We think about the industry having total growth of 4% and that’s total growth. And so at 2-4% comp growth we would expect that we’re probably ahead of the industry with an industry that’s growing 1-2% in units. I think the important thing is on top of that 2-4% comp growth range we think our brand portfolio today is capable of 5% new restaurant growth over the next five years. And so we are looking at a top line that would be 7-9% in an industry where total sales growth in our view will be about 4%. So we see growing market share and we define success as exactly what I described, 2-4% with that 5% on top of it. With that kind of top line again, we think 10-15% earnings growth on a consistent basis is quite achievable even as costs bounce around. Obviously today I know there is elevated concern about costs but we’re actually below normalized levels. And so we’re getting more out of that bottom of that range than we think we would get in a normalized environment not only because food costs are relatively low on a historical basis but also because labor costs are as well.
Clarence Otis: We are, I mean which is why we’ve provided the outlook we have provided. I mean I would just say on December on a combined basis on a comp basis we’re in positive territory. And as we I think tried to emphasize throughout the call, good things happen in positive comp territory. And we’ll take a lot of other concerns around costs and other things as long as we’re in positive comp territory.
Clarence Otis: Yes. Exactly correct. So we’re looking at a full year food and beverage cost that’s going to be approximately flat. And in the back half of the year we have seen our expectations largely get locked in going from a 50 basis year over year increase to the range of 1 to 1-1/2% increase over the prior year.
Clarence Otis: I guess specifically what I would add in though is that for the remainder of this fiscal year these costs haven’t caused us to change our pricing outlook and to Drew’s point, as we think about next fiscal year we’ll share that with you at a later date.
Clarence Otis: We’d like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. We realize there are still several of you that were in the queue for questions. We are here in Orlando. Today we’ll be able to take your questions if you want to give us a call, we are available. We’d like to thank you again. We wish everybody a safe and happy holiday season and we look forward to seeing several of you here in Orlando in January for our analyst and institutional investor day. Thanks again.
Brad Richmond: And as it relates to your question on Red Lobster what we’re doing now is refining some marketing tactics to address affordability needs of their current guests more effectively while at the same time continuing to do what we need to do long term to refresh the brand and attract lapsed users. So continuing to invest in remodels, continuing to leverage wood fire grills, continuing to elevate service in our restaurants but utilizing select price points in advertising more consistently, introducing some more moderately priced but highly satisfying dishes to the menu in the $15 range for example. But we think we can do all of that and drive profitable increased profits in the second half.
Brad Richmond: Okay. As it relates to Endless Shrimp, the benefit in November was probably about a point in same restaurant sales. And the broader question of what we’re learning about Red Lobster is the current guest base, which compared to casual dining is at the margins slightly less affluent and as a result has a more elevated need for affordability. What we have learned is that in promotions at Olive Garden and at Longhorn we were able to use starting at price points, starting at 10.95 or starting at 11.95 effectively. At Red Lobster that didn’t provide sufficient price certainty to guests because they do have some highly cravable, highly satisfying dishes that core guests buy that are in the 20s. So what we learned is we need to be more specific in what the price point is that we’re communicating to give price certainty. And so for instance, that’s why we added 15.99 into the Endless Shrimp commercial this year. The same price it’s been in a majority of the country for the last couple of years but current guests needed a reminder about what it was. And so that’s probably the biggest learning that we have gotten. We don’t need to discount aggressively and cheapen the experience or erode margins. We need to give high quality seafood at affordable prices and then communicate it more consistently than we have in the past. And at the beginning of this year we had starting at price points in our promotions versus absolute price points.
Brad Richmond: Yeah and I should have mentioned that. So the first week of September this year Red Lobster had no television advertising support and that was comparing to the first week of September last year, which was the second week of Endless Shrimp at elevated launch levels of advertising support. And that mismatch is something that we probably wouldn’t do again in the future.
Brad Richmond: As it relates to menu disclosure, we’ve got a handful of restaurants that already disclose calories today and we have not seen meaningful menu mix changes there. But it’s a small group of restaurants. We have been testing menu disclosure in a bigger group of restaurants to see if consumer behavior changes or not and what the implications of those potential changes might be. As I said, we’re only about halfway through the test but so far we haven’t seen any meaningful shifts in behavior, shifts in menu preference with any meaningful check or margin implications yet.
Brad Richmond: And that skill part is where it gets a little tricky but what I would say we’ve learned is to effectively address the need for affordability we need to do a couple of things. We have to have cravable new dishes combined with price point certainty and those two things have to work together. And earlier in the year we either didn’t have cravable new dishes so in American Seafood Adventure where we were featuring the seafood jambalaya we didn’t have a cravable new dish. In Crabfest a starting at 12.99 price point we’ve learned didn’t give the absolute price certainty that the core guests wanted. It starts at 12.99 but are most of the dishes going to be in the $20 range for instance? And what we learned with Endless Shrimp when we changed the marketing tactics is that communicating a specific price point, 15.99 with some new flavor preparations gave people the certainty they need and it drove meaningful improvement in October and November. It’s not unlike what we learned last January when we introduced seafood dinner for two at 29.99, basically a specific price of $15 for specific new dishes. So the combination of cravable dishes and price point certainty executed with good commercials and so forth works.
Brad Richmond: And Mitch, this is Brad here. I mean if you take Clarence’s point and just look at where we have been in the most recent two months of October and November, really it’s just a continuation of our current level of performance. As he said, an environment that’s better than it was last year and probably some modest improvement as we move through the rest of our fiscal year.
Brad Richmond: And I would just remind us that we’re talking about food costs as a percent of sales. So the percent of guests ordering was higher but there were a heck of a lot more guests. And so at the end of the day operating profit is significantly higher and that’s the whole goal here.
Brad Richmond: Well, before the SG&A just three broad things that we’re thinking about as it relates to same restaurant sales trends. One is continued industry improvement as Clarence mentioned. Second is Longhorn is going to benefit more from advertising in the second half than they did in the first half. And third, Olive Garden is not going to have the same type of year over year promotional mismatch in the second half that they did in the second quarter. And then on Red Lobster we think we’re getting smarter each quarter about how to deliver affordability profitably as well.
Brad Richmond: And I guess specifically when you look at SG&A obviously with Longhorn going to a national cable buy hade a meaningful impact on their marketing as a percent of their sales. So that was the big driver for them in their SG&A just because that’s not what they had last year. And I think that was on Red Lobster I believe. And you have for them a little bit of sales deleveraging that’s going on. Drew talked some about their investments in digital for us that didn’t work as well as we anticipated. So that was some investment level for that particular brand.
Brad Richmond: I think again on a year over year basis there they have experienced much higher wheat costs than the prior year. We in the first quarter had a very similar trend where they had higher year over year cost of sales as well. So that trend has basically continued for them, no meaningful change.
Brad Richmond: There is really no update for them. The cost levels have stayed pretty much the same that we had anticipated. I mean looking this up real quickly here but the sales lift continues to be strong for both of the brands. I’d say right now when you also have the national advertising that we have done for Longhorn you’re blending a lot of items together. the synergy effect of that becomes pretty meaningful in terms of its impact on driving a strong top line sales result.
Brad Richmond: Yeah. On the margin piece there, talking about the first part of your question, is we talked about a modest increase and how we looked at the commodity costs going forward. But we’re also seeing meaningful improvements on other lines of our P&L and particularly restaurant labor. So as we look to the rest of the year in terms of trying to look at our earnings expectations we talk about our margins continuing to improve. In fact by the time we get to the end of the year we will be approaching record level margin for us. And so that’s how we look at that. On the share repurchase yes, I mean our current path for this year we reiterated was at $300-350 million of share repurchase. We do have the additional authorization to as you mentioned, remain to have that flexibility to repurchase as we see it. But I’d step back and say we’ve been through some pretty tough times here. We have a large cash flow from our business. It’s more sustainable I think than many folks have thought and so it allows us to continue to repurchase shares, return capital to our investors. And so we would look from where we are now all things being equal that share repurchases should continue to grow as well as our dividends as we move into a period of improving economic conditions and our ability to grow the same restaurant sales and generate even more cash flows than we have in the current period.
Brad Richmond: This is Brad and I’ll take the second part of your question first on shrimp. I mean first off what you see in the spot market is not necessarily what we pay. What I would say is that you’ll notice our inventory values are up at the end of our fiscal second quarter. And so we have really good coverage on shrimp and many other products through the end of the fiscal year. I think to get more into your question we’ll save that part until we meet in January. We’ll have some of our supply chain management folks there that can do the question more justice there. But we do feel that that’s a competitive advantage for us as we move forward. If I go back to your restaurant labor question, I mean what I would say is the productivity gains are pretty broad based across the different brands and different parts of the P&L there. I think that’s attributable to the work that our operators do on day in and day out of using our tools and managing to the traffics that they’re seeing. So you heard us talk in the past about investments we make to increase our support platform. That includes the tools that they use to estimate guest counts and to schedule their labor so that we can be as efficient there as we would like. I would also say that we continued to benefit from the low turn over that is present for us. We continued to exceed or be better than the industry turn over. We think that’s a lot of investment that we make about ensuring that we have a high employee engagement. I think there is a lot of side benefits that come with that of the continuity of staff. And so we’re investing less in new employee acquiring costs and training costs and the soft benefits of consumers coming in and seeing some of their favorite servers time and time again.
Brad Richmond: Again, we don’t want to comment on any forward actions like pricing but I would say that we believe all the brands are strong and can take an appropriate amount of pricing. But we have got other levers to pull to help manage the cost equation and we have alluded to these before. Given the size of the enterprise and our focus on a more effective operating platform, we didn’t talk about them today but the things that we’re doing to improve sustainability, supply chain transformation facilities, maintenance, all those things are making our support platform immediately more cost effective this year and next year.
