Rick Cardenas: Hey, John. Thanks for the question. Nothing that we have seen is altering our plans for the balance of the year. We're really pleased with the performance of our brands. We're right along where we expected to be. And so, we don't anticipate doing anything different.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Brian. Yes, it's still off the table for us. As we mentioned, we eliminated it at Ruth's Chris. And it's not all about the price and the profit, and it is profitable sales growth we're looking for, but it is also the execution of the restaurant, what it does to our teams, and how we can execute our existing to-go business. And we've made investments over the last few years to make that experience even better for our consumer, and we continue to do that. We have had third-party delivery in a few restaurants for quite a while, and the performance in those restaurants isn't significantly different than the ones that don't have it. So, we still feel really confident about our decision to stay out of the third-party delivery. Even if we had to price more to cover that, our consumer would see that as our price, not necessarily the price for delivery. So, as of now, we're still steadfast in our resolve to stay out of third-party delivery.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Eric. And I just want to reiterate, we're really pleased with the performance of our other segment and all of our segments. Profitable sales growth is what we shoot for, and they all had profitable sales growth. Some might have been negative comp, but we still grew. But on the consumer overall, the consumer still continues to appear both resilient, but a little bit more selective as we've talked about in our check and we've seen that for a couple of quarters. Our data shows we're gradually moving back to our pre-COVID demographic mix, which -- with a bigger change in Q2 and moving back to pre-COVID demographics gets us to feel like we're getting closer to what normal is. I will say, we had, across all of our segments, household incomes above $200,000 are higher mix than last year, but still below pre-COVID levels. And incomes below $75,000 are under last year, but still above pre-COVID levels. And the biggest drop was those under $50,000. And this shift was most pronounced, interestingly, in our Fine Dining segment. And last thing, for those under 65 years old -- over, I'm sorry, over 65 years old, their frequency has grown from prior quarters and their dining is shifting a little bit more to lunch. So, that gives you a little bit of a check mix there, too. So -- but, again, what does that mean for us? What does that mean for the brands that we have? We believe that operators can deliver on their brand promise, which we've said before, and value will continue to appeal to consumers. I'm confident we're well positioned and prepared for what we have to deal with, thanks to the breadth of our portfolio and our astounding team members and what they do every day to create exceptional experiences for our guests.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Andrew. It wasn't a huge impact for early access, but it was something that delighted our eClub users, right. So, they got something that no one else can get. And so, we'll continue to find ways to talk to them, to give them benefits of being part of the eClub without necessarily having to discount. And so, that's what we continue to look at. And that was the -- one of the first tries at it. We were encouraged by the results there, but we'll continue to look for other ways to use that eClub.
Rick Cardenas: Jeff, we're seeing what you see, an increase in television advertising, sometimes at a discount. But we're, as I said, focused on profitable sales growth. Even with the increase in competitive activity we saw in Q2, we exceeded the industry by 410 basis points and that was -- which was the same as second quarter. We exceeded by 410 in the second quarter, I'm sorry last quarter as well. This is on top of the 370 basis point gap we had last year. So, we feel like what we're doing is working, even with competitive and a little bit of an increase in competitive intensity. By the way, we also improved our segment profit margin by 230 basis points from last year. And so, we're going to stick to our strategy, providing everyday value to our guests, and continue to use our filters, which we've talked about many times, to evaluate any marketing activity.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, David. Yes. We've had a history of discipline and improvement in productivity enhancements. This year is no different. We're getting more of it, because we've had lower turnover than we've had over the last few years. We're still investing in training to get those team members up to speed quicker. We also are spending training dollars on getting our existing team members even more productive. So, our productivity enhancements were the difference between our wage inflation and our labor inflation. I will also say our teams continue to get better with forecasting our business. We've added some AI tools to their tool belt to be able to forecast their restaurant business by -- in 15 minutes increments, even better than they did before, and we're seeing added benefit, as I said, from lower turnover.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. David, our total labor outlook isn't that -- necessarily that different than where it's been in the first half of the year. I think, we're still having wage inflations at around the mid-single digits, which is pretty much back to pre-COVID levels. We do anticipate that as turnover continues to tick down, which we expect it should, to get us closer to pre-COVID levels. That will continue to have some productivity enhancements. In regards to the FAST Act in California, we're monitoring that. Everything that we have contemplated is contemplated in our guidance. I will say we have an amazing employment proposition and across all of our states and all of our brands, but in California, an even better employment proposition. Our turnover is lower in California than it is in most places and our wages are higher. So, we feel pretty confident that we're okay in California. But if something changes, we'll react to it.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Sarah. The check management in Fine Dining is coming more from the lower income cohorts than it is from the higher income cohorts. I think, they were splurging, as we've talked about before, a little bit of euphoria in the last few years, and we're getting back to a more normal level. And in regards to pricing, your point on the follow up, recall, Raj said we don't really have a whole lot of pricing in the back half. Most of what we have is wrap. So, when you think about how much pricing we have versus inflation, most of our pricing is already embedded. And so, that's really where the delta is. So, the consumer isn't going to see a whole lot more price than they are seeing today. They might see a little bit in a couple of brands. So, we still feel really good about where we are, and we don't think it's going to really make a big change in our traffic patterns.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Patrick. I will say, over the next 12 months, pretty kind of -- a little bit short term versus the strategic things that we've been doing over the last few years. But we believe that we continue to invest in technology to make it easier for our teams to execute. As I said, we've got better AI tools for scheduling and if we schedule better, we execute better. That drives performance. Our supply chain scale advantage is pretty strong, and so we're able to get better pricing for our food, which we can pass on to our consumers through lower overall check growth versus the industry. So, there's no one nugget. What I would say is, it's our back-to-basics operating philosophy that's going to continue to get us to grow. And that's excellent food, excellent service and an inviting atmosphere, executing better than the restaurant next door. That's not necessarily strategic, that's not a silver bullet, that's hard to do, and we do it really well. And that's what's really -- as Raj mentioned earlier, execution is what's driving a lot of our performance, and we'll continue to execute by using our scale to help our brands get better.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Lauren, this is Rick. We see the check management a little bit more of a function of year-over-year euphoria difference. Not necessarily that the consumer is feeling a lot more pinched. Now, we -- as we said, we're getting closer. The higher income households mix is going up, the below $50,000 is going down, and that's both on the traffic side and a little bit on the check side. So, we're not hugely concerned or we're not really that concerned about the check management now, because it was really more driven by last year versus kind of a long-term trend.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Andy, I think it was four. We had a couple of relocations. We had a couple of restaurants that we reopened after being temporary closed due to fires. So, that's really the bulk of those four.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. Andy, some of that reinvestments is already starting and some of it happens as the supply chain converts. One of the investments we made was an improvement in [indiscernible]. I don't think that's in every restaurant yet. Another one of the investments that we talked about we will be doing in December, and that is for their team closing on Christmas Day. So, there's still some things that are coming in, but we're consistent, we're on track with our timeline and we still expect accretion to be consistent with what we shared previously. Even with those investments, we're making for our team members and our guests.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Greg. Yes. Versus pre-COVID, we're a bit more digital, partly because LongHorn really came off of television when we were on -- before COVID LongHorn was on TV. So, we are a bit more digital in overall mix. Olive Garden's mix isn't substantially different than before. They did come off a little bit of television, but they also came off a little bit on the digital side. We have pretty good analytics to tell us the returns on each of those things. And the good news is, during COVID we tested some more digital, and we were able to because we didn't have much media on at one time. When we started turning it on, we were actually able to see what those returns are. And that was one of the benefits of the COVID. We were able to test a little bit more, and we're testing other things on the digital front now to see if there's some things that we'll add in the future.
Rick Cardenas: A couple of things. As we've mentioned before, dining out is really more than just about the sustenance. It's about getting together with your family and friends to enjoy a meal. And, as Raj mentioned earlier, we still have a very big gap in the pricing that we have taken over the last four years versus what's happening in retail. I mean, I would say, if retail starts to do discounts or other deals, it's probably because they're not moving product. And so, that helps us on the -- on our cost side. So, we don't really look very much at the difference between food at home and food away from home, partly because, as I said, people think about, I want to go out to eat, and then they determine where they want to go out to eat. And so, we haven't really seen correlations in the difference in food at home, food away from home over the long, long term.
Rick Cardenas: Let me start by saying we're really pleased with the integration and the transition that we've had. We're six months from the close of the transaction. We still have a few changes we have to make at the restaurants, and they have to absorb them over this next six months. But that doesn't preclude us from other things. And we'll continue to talk to our Board and determine what the right use of our capital is. As you mentioned, we do have a strong balance sheet, but we're going to continue to work on this until something else comes along.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, John. Yes, this is an election year. It's probably going to be a pretty contentious election, with a lot of television advertising. The good news is, we're not as reliant on TV as we were in the past. And I think casual dining was much more reliant on television in the past, and chain restaurants were much more reliant on television, but now there's other media out there, more digital, more online video. And so, we aren't as concerned about an election year as maybe in the past. That said, it depends on how contentious this gets and how much media is out there. We feel confident that if we continue to focus on our strategies and execute, when people go out, they're going to come out to our restaurants.
Rick Cardenas: Hey, Danilo, this is Rick. You think about our margin, we've been fairly consistent over the years that we are searching for profitable sales growth and we have -- we had just updated our long term framework, we put that back out, where we'd be at 10 to 30 basis points a year in margin expansion, and any one year it could be above that or below that and we are going to get that through executing our strategy, leveraging our scale to be able to take cost out of the system and still over in a long term price below inflation to provide a better dining experience using our back to basics operating philosophy and our great operators out in the field that execute better than the restaurant next door. If we do those things and we have done those things, we will continue to drive profitable sales growth. There may be years that our margins are little bit less than that because we're gaining even more market share, and we're willing to do that. There may be years on the opposite side where we still gain share, but we have margin expansion opportunities. As Raj mentioned, we don't look at it quarter-to-quarter. We think about it over the long run.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Danilo. Over the last few years, we've focused a lot of energy and technology on improving the guest experience, primarily in the off premise segment, making it easier to order, pick up and pay. We're working on our tech plans for the next few years, but I would think that AI would be a little bit more part of that, especially on the back of the house things, maybe not necessarily as consumer facing. Our goal with technology is to eliminate friction, and we've eliminated a lot of friction for the guest on the to go experience on being able to put their name on waitlist. Now we want to eliminate friction in our team, eliminate our management friction to make it easier for them. So they don't have to spend as much time doing what we think are non-value added tasks, ordering, receiving, scheduling, which is value added, but if we can make it easier for them to schedule, they can spend less time doing that and spend a lot more time with their team and with their guests. And so, the technology investments we're making -- we may be making in the future, you might not see a whole lot of impact on that from the consumer. You will see it from the consumer because our teams are going to be better trained and so that's what we are focusing on.
Raj Vennam: All right, Chris. Let's start with the guidance at high level. From a sales guide perspective, if you just go back to the time we provided our original guidance, we mentioned that there is -- obviously the consumer background was a little tough but not too -- not terribly bad for us. And we thought if things slow down a little bit, we should expect inflation environment to improve a little bit. And halfway through our fiscal year, that's really the dynamic we're seeing. We've seen some check softness that's being offset by lower inflation, which is why we went to the lower end of our sales range, while increasing our earnings outlook. In fact, if you're looking at our underlying traffic assumption, it still implies flat to slightly negative traffic for the full year. It's really that check is coming down by about 50 basis points. And so, in the grand scheme of things, we're talking about the midpoint moving by 25 basis points from where we started the year. Now, as you look -- to the questionnaire on quarter-to-date in December, we're really only two full weeks into the quarter, and so holidays are still in front of us. And as I think Rick mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're encouraged by the strong holiday bookings we're seeing at our reservation brands. And so, our guidance contemplates everything we know.
Raj Vennam: Sure, Chris. I'll say -- let's start with our pricing. I think, we mentioned at the beginning of the year, the pricing carryover from actions last year is about 3% on the full year, and our guidance talks about 3.5% to 4%. So, you can imagine there's not a lot of actions this fiscal year. I can tell you that, for example, at Olive Garden, we haven't taken any pricing this fiscal year. And we don't -- at least at this point, don't expect to take any more -- or any additional action in the near term. And so, as you look at that check growth, check growth is likely going to moderate into mid-2s to -- into the third quarter and closer to 2% in the fourth quarter. That's kind of the assumption we have in here.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Brian, I'd say we're looking at somewhere in the 150 to 200 basis point range in the fourth quarter, because we do expect pretty low price in the fourth quarter, and we expect inflation to be a little bit higher. Just for a function of wrap, I think, really on the inflation, the first half of the year benefited from chicken deflation. Chicken is about 8% of our sales, and we don't have that tailwind going into the back half.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Let me start with the other segment and maybe I'll turn it over to Rick to talk about the consumer in general. So, let's start. When we look at our other segment, we're actually pretty happy with the performance overall when you look at the business as a total topline and bottom line, because as much as they had negative same-restaurant sales, they were still above the industry by 20 basis points as a segment. Now, there is -- there -- I don't want to get into exactly the details, but there are some things on a year-over-year dynamics, especially at one of our southeast brands that's primarily weather-bound and patio related, all that stuff, we don't want to get into those. But, by the way, when we look at traffic for the quarter at the other segment, it was actually very strong at north of 100 basis points gap to the industry positive gap. So, we feel really good about that. And then other segment was also more profitable this quarter. Even when you exclude the franchise income from Ruth's, their segment profit was higher than last year. So, I'd say, all-in-all, that's a pretty good outcome. And then, I'll have Rick talk about consumer.
Raj Vennam: Yeah. So, from a Fine Dining perspective, if you recall, we talked about seasonality trends normalizing and we talked about last year. There was some exuberance in the summer months that kind of continued into the fall a little bit. And so, as we look at where we are this quarter, we actually ended the quarter with positive same-restaurant sales in November. And with -- as Rick mentioned on his -- in his prepared remarks about record Thanksgiving sales, all of our Fine Dining brands and reservation brands had record Thanksgiving sales. So, November was an improvement. If you look at Fine Dining segment in general, is also where we're seeing the most negative check mix year-over-year, and it's really driven by alcohol. Now, I'll tell you that we are -- the preference for alcohol today is actually consistent with where it was pre-COVID, just that last year was a lot higher. And so, we are -- year-over-year, that's a pretty big drag. In fact, I think our Fine Dining mix is almost negative 200 basis points, and that's really one of the things we've noticed. Now, as we get into the holidays and pass, some of that should abate, because we started to see this dynamic in our fiscal Q4 last year. And then last point I'll make is, as Rick mentioned, we are encouraged to see strong bookings in both reservations and private events going into the holidays.
Raj Vennam: Yes. I'd say on the COGS front, as we said, we're basically looking at 2% for the full year approximately, which means back half is closer to 3%, 2.5% to 3%, Q1 being a little bit lower, Q4 being the highest in terms of food inflation. Again, it's a function of wrap on contracts and all that stuff. Not necessarily saying the absolute prices are going up, it's just the fact that what we're wrapping on year-over-year. From a labor perspective, our annual is around 5%. As you saw, from first quarter to second quarter we saw a slight moderation of about 50 basis points in total labor inflation. We are not projecting significant further moderation, but it's -- to the extent there is some that would be -- we'd welcome that, but at this point we're assuming it's closer to that 5% for the back half for labor.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Look, I think, we've talked about it's kind of continuation of what we saw a little bit in the first quarter where we talked about, at our casual brands, we're seeing about 50 basis points of negative mix in general and mostly driven by alcohol. So, when you think about check growth in the mid-single digits, 50 basis points is not a huge -- is not as big as it used to be. It would be -- in a normal environment, when you're talking about a 2% check growth, we would say, oh, 50 is a big deal, but when you're talking about closer to mid-single digit check growth, 50 basis points is not as big, so from that perspective. But, also, as I’ve said earlier, the bigger drag is from Fine Dining, which, as we get into Q4, should abate. But, right now, that's another factor that we didn't necessarily anticipate the level of check mix going into the fiscal year. But traffic is -- again, as I said, we focus more on what's happening with traffic. And to the extent we can say six months into the year that our traffic is similar to the levels we thought at the beginning of the year, that's a great place to be.
Raj Vennam: Yes. I think, as I said in my remarks, pretty much all categories except beef came in a little bit better than we thought. We are -- we did further up, just negotiate a contract for chicken that now we're locked in for the rest of the year basically at 90%, and that's going to be low single digit inflation for the back half, which is something we can deal with. And from other items, seafood continues to be deflationary. And then produce was a little bit better than we thought. Going into the year, we thought there was going to be some challenges with produce based on just some of the contracts we had, but our team was able to go back to our partners and negotiate given the environment and the market, and that was favorable to us from what we thought six months ago or three months ago.
Raj Vennam: Sure. Jeff. Let me start with the comment around the uptick in the openings for the year. We were able to open some restaurants that we thought would be after the holidays, before the holidays. And, frankly, I think our team was a little burned. We got burned the last two years in terms of having some rosy projections. And so, we probably were a little bit more conservative in terms of how we thought about the timeline. That was built based on the actuals last two years. And so, that timeline is getting a little bit better. So, that's helping us deliver a little bit more, and that's really what's showing up. Look, our focus is continuing to want to grow, but cost effectively. We are going to focus on balancing the two, and so -- and our teams understand that and we're working towards that. And to your point about CapEx, yes, that CapEx is driven by the uptick in the NROs.
Raj Vennam: Yes. I'd say, look, the biggest growth in the segment profit this year is really coming from COGS, which was a big unfavorability over the last two years. So, we're starting to -- kind of as commodities moderate, that's really drive -- helping drive food costs get better on a year-over-year basis. So, that's one of the drivers of segment profit growth. We also talked about the difference in pricing versus inflation. We do have a little bit more pricing versus inflation in the first half. That also helped. But, I think, if you look at overall segment profits, as we got to fourth quarter of last year, it was very strong. I think at the Darden level, we were over 20%. And so, we are -- we had some -- we felt like there was probably more opportunity to get a little bit more in the first half than the back half. But, in general, all of our segments, all of our teams are focused on the right things. One of the things we talked about at the beginning of the year with our teams is focusing on controlling what we can control and our teams rally around that and focused on managing our costs better. And that's showing throughout the P&L. And so, there's no one specific thing I would pick on. In general, we're very happy with the progress our teams have made, and we'll continue to be disciplined.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Let me start with the costs. Costs in general on the development are in line with where we thought on average. We obviously have some unique deals, one-offs here and there where the costs are coming in more than we thought. But going into this year, we had embedded some higher costs into the openings based on the experience we have had over the last couple of years. And so, what I would say at this point is, we believe that the inflation has peaked. And we are -- we may have said this last call, too, we are starting to receive more bids that are kind of in line with our projected -- our project budgets. And so, that's a good thing. From an independent standpoint, I think it's hard for us, the data that we're seeing, to say that there's actually lot of excitement from independence on building new restaurants, given the way the interest rate environment is. So, the financing costs have gone up. And, in fact, to some extent that's also impacting some developers from what we hear. So, the macro -- you guys know the macro better than I do. But I would say, overall, we're still happy with our overall development, the number of restaurants we're opening and how we're thinking about it. And as I mentioned in my prior comments earlier today about we're going to cost effectively build our -- build these restaurants. That's the focus. We want to get growth, but we're going to do it cost effectively.
Raj Vennam: Hey, Sarah. So let me start with just grounding us on where we are with respect to pricing over the last four years. If you think about our price for the last four years, our pricing has basically been around -- at the Darden level has been closer to 17% cumulatively, just under 17%. For the same time frame, if you look at where full-service restaurant CPI is, that's 24%. So, we have basically created a gap of 700 basis points to full-service restaurant CPI over that time, in the four years cumulatively. In fact, if you look at limited service, they're at 29%. So, that's a 1,200 basis point gap to them. So, over the last four years, we've been very prudent, and we've talked about it multiple times about how we're going to price very thoughtfully and deliberately and wanted to make sure we're creating this gap. And, by the way, that overall pricing we have is below the overall CPI over that time frame by 300 basis points. So, from all aspects, we've actually stuck to our strategy of pricing below inflation, which is one of the drivers of our traffic outperformance. But I would say the other big driver is the execution, consistently executing and providing the greatest experience we can to our guests, and that's what our teams are focused on. That combined with the strategy of pricing under inflation is what we believe helps us separate ourselves from the industry, and we'll continue to do that.
Raj Vennam: Yes, Patrick. When I look at LongHorn, they had a very strong performance for the quarter, right. We talked about significantly outperformed the industry on same-restaurant sales. Their traffic for the quarter was around negative 1%. That's a -- but when you look at their retention to pre-COVID, they've held up pretty well. They are up both in dining room and off premise by -- combined by double digits in the dining room. So, to have the volumes who are running at LongHorn today, we would have said four years ago it would take 10 years to get there, and we got there in four years. So, we're really happy with where LongHorn is in terms of their momentum, and we hope to see that continue.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Dennis, off premise for the quarter at Olive Garden was 23%, so pretty similar to the levels we had before. And then LongHorn is at 14%. And, now, we'll get into -- as we get into the holidays, we should see a little bit more at Olive Garden. Typically, we see that, but we'll see how that goes going forward. But on a year-over-year basis, it's slightly below, I think, across our system. We're probably 100 basis points lower or something like that, it's -- but it's pretty -- it's stabilized in these ranges.
Raj Vennam: Nothing of note to talk about. It's fairly consistent with what we mentioned last quarter, where there's a little bit of softness in Texas and South, but not -- nothing crazy. California, a little bit stronger, but nothing meaningful.
Raj Vennam: Yes, Lauren. I think we've basically said we're going to be within 10 basis points to 20 basis points as a percent of sales versus last year. So, any quarter, you should be -- if you look at last year, and we should be within 10 bps to 20 bps of that.
Raj Vennam: All right, John. Let me try to answer in a way that I make sense, because, obviously, when you look at the seasonal situation, third quarter last year was wrapping on Omicron from the year before. It was just a whole different in terms of dynamic. But as you pointed out, the weather -- the winter weather in that quarter for us, third quarter, which is December, January, February in aggregate was favorable to five year -- to the historical averages. And so we do expect winter weather in the third quarter to be essentially a headwind in the Q3 just based on historical averages. If the weather this year is anything like what it would have been historically that it is a headwind for us. I would expect it's the same for the industry, but I can't -- I don't want to speak confidently about the industry, but I can tell you that's how we are looking at it. In fact, we -- that's part of the reason, we didn't get into this earlier, but that's part of the reason our internal estimates have comps, the same restaurant sales for the Q3 being the lowest for the fiscal -- within this year, primarily because of that weather headwind. And now, I'll have -- maybe Rick can talk about the presidential years and how we think about it.
Raj Vennam: Yes. Brian, we're not going to talk about how much we're up in this current quarter on private dining year-over-year, so we'll let you know how that happens after the quarter ends.
Raj Vennam: Hey, Nick. I think part of this is really the cadence of when we took pricing actions. So if you recall at the beginning of the year, we were very clear that we're going to have on a year-over-year basis, we're going to see more pricing come through in the first half than the back half, just because that's the function of actions we took last year. There is not a lot of new pricing actions we're taking this year. There are few and that's why instead of the 3% of the 3.5% to 4% that we have in total pricing is carryover from last year. So there are few actions this year. Typically, we tied it to our team, we typically take pricing with our fiscal year. So now things can change, but the way we look at it is, we take a longer term view and we've been very clear on the year that we are getting some margin growth. Our guidance implies margin growth. And I'll then refer you back to our long term framework, which kind of talks about over time we expect to grow margins. Any given quarter do we give up margins? Yes, maybe, if that's the right thing for the year. I mean, at the end of the day we look at over longer periods of time.
