Gene Lee: Yes. Good morning, David. It is our intention to moderate this positive mix as we move forward. We will continue to make investments into the menu. I really don't want to talk about what we're going to do there, but I would say contemplated in our guidance as we look forward is a moderation of that menu mix. I think this quarter was a confluence of a few different things as I said in my prepared remarks. I mean, we had a good promotion. We had some real high-value options that were a little bit more expensive that people could trade up to that we felt good about people trading up to inside those promotions. We changed some merchandising on our menus, and we saw the increase in our Mediterranean platform. It drove some mix and our ability to pull back some incentives. So, it was a combination of a few things, and we would like to see that moderate a little bit as we go forward, and I think that’s definitely contemplated in our outlook.
Gene Lee: I think Dave, I think that is a good question. And I think that we're starting to see progress on a daily basis. We measure the number of restaurants every day that are positive. That number is starting to increase. We’re very pleased with the restaurants that have really strong leadership. We can see the retention numbers are stronger at the employee level, the execution numbers are higher. Those restaurants are growing. And so, as we think about it, this is really about trying to improve the fundamentals, and the framework that we’re using to try to drive improvement in this business is based on the whole notion of strategy or process measurement, and I’d say that we're pretty aligned.  We have got the right strategy for this business. We spent the last 90 days really working on the organizational structure and to make sure we had leadership in the right place. I think the team now is going to focus on process, and they are going to focus on trying to simplify the operation and standardize it. With the acquisitions of the two franchise groups, there is a lot of differential on processes and procedures, and we need to standardize it and we think there’s some opportunity inside the original Cheddar's to standardize, and then once we get that set, then we will figure out how we're going to measure it.  I think one of the big opportunities in this business is to increase accountability. I think it’s important to note that there’s a lot of great people working in this brand, and once we get them aligned on what we want them to do and give them the tools to do it well, I think we're going to see some improvement. I'm not going to tell you that’s third quarter, fourth quarter, or first quarter next year. What I’m looking for every single day and I meet with Dave every day on this, and I get a report, are we getting better day-to-day, week-to-week, and I would tell you that we are seeing that happen right now.
Gene Lee: Yes. We’re not seeing anything that’s conclusive that I can make that statement right now. When I think about what’s going on with the consumer, you know obviously, consumer confidence is in an all-time high. People are feeling good. However, I don't think this is a tide where all the boats are rising. I think well-positioned brands that are executing are performing really well and I think you are continuing to see that as others announce their results. I do believe moving forward the biggest challenge in the industry is going to be the war for talent. Brands that can hire, train, and retain front-line employees to bring their brands to life are going to win, and the dynamics inside the industry are changing dramatically, and I think that’s where we’re focused, and that’s I think where the winners will be focused is, how they continue to invest in their team members, and how to ensure that you are properly staffed to execute against this increased demand, but back to your original question, I’m not in a position to make a conclusive statement on that at this time.
Gene Lee: No. I mean, I don't think the 5% really is being driven by the investment. I think the 5% really is being driven by the investment. I think the 5% is being driven by just a situation where as the employment environment gets better historically less employees come out of the restaurant space and into other opportunities. So, there is just a shrinking of a workflow here, and we’re committed to staying, you know hiring the best possible people who bring our brands to life. Our retention rates are actually improving, and I think part of that is because that we are willing to make the appropriate pay decision to keep our people. And that’s what we’ve instructed our operations teams to do. I firmly believe that to win in this environment you are going to have to have great team members and we’re going to do what we need to do to maintain and keep our team members, but I think the wait for us is going to be there for a while, and we’re going to continue to find ways to offset it, but first and foremost we have to have the best team members on the closest to the action to bring our brands to life.
Gene Lee: Yes. I think overall it’s a healthy consumer, and I think the work that we have been doing for the last four years since Dave took over Olive Garden and our focus on the core consumer and continuing to put value back into the menu has just all kind of come together, and we’re able to put up a great quarter, and I think what I’m most excited about is that we’re continuing to find new ways to improve the value proposition for the Olive Garden consumer, and do it in a way that is engaging and relevant, and the brand continues to really be well-received by many different cohorts, consumer cohorts out there, especially millennials. This is a brand that’s very social that performs very well in social media. So, I think this is just a culmination of a strong consumer and four years of really focused work on trying to improve our value proposition to our core guests. And I think staying true to who we are is probably the most important thing that we’re doing.
Gene Lee: I want to see the retention numbers that management and [indiscernible] level getting much closer to Darden norms. You know, what I have been doing this long enough to know that we can't grow rapidly without strong management retention and having an employee proposition that the employees stay with us. That’s the key to driving sustainable growth.
Gene Lee: Hi, John. Yes, when we guided earlier in the year we said that our total labor would be 3.5% to 4.5%, but wage inflation would be approximately 5%, and that hasn't changed. So, this is really right on where we guided in the beginning of the year.
Gene Lee: John, we are not willing to talk about the actual margin for the brand itself. We did talk about the overall margin for the other segment, but they did have negative same-restaurant sales growth, so you would anticipate a little bit of a decline in margin at Cheddar's for this quarter.
Gene Lee: Scale is one of our four competitive advantages and I think that we continue to focus on becoming more efficient with everything that’s a non-consumer facing that allows us to make investments into the consumer facing side of the business. I also think one of the big advantages of scale is, the perspective we have on the industry and we can see how consumers behave all the way from Cheddar's to Capital Grille. And I think we can make investments that others can't make, and I think we have some better insight and where to make those investments. So, scale is an important part of what we’re doing. I think it’s a very important part of the employment proposition. We talked a lot about scale and what it does for the consumer proposition, but scale provides our employees a lot of value. And we will continue to find new and innovative ways with our scale to improve the employment proposition. We are making sure that we're spending as much time talking about the employment proposition as we are talking about the consumer proposition. And I think that’s different than maybe where we were 3, 4 years ago in a different environment, and so I really want to go back to a statement I made earlier. The brand's that can hire and attract and retain the best people are going to win – are going to accelerate their success in this environment.
Gene Lee: Yes. Fine Dining continues to perform fairly well. You’ve got both a little bit of traffic growth and some check growth in there. We always have trouble reading our upscale brands on check in traffic because the consumer, you know our traffic numbers are generated from entree counts and both businesses do a lot of bar business and generate a lot of traffic that’s not always related back to an entree count, but those businesses feel healthy, there is no geographical differences. We’re excited about some opportunity in capital growth and increase some capacity in restaurants that are at full capacity right now and so we’re really excited about the performance of our upscale businesses, and they continue to do really well. We think they’re really well-positioned and we’re looking forward to being able to grow Eddie V’s a little bit quicker in the future as that base gets bigger.
Gene Lee: Yes, last year we did say 30 basis points in Q1. I think what we said in Q2 was the impact of the hurricane net of any bounce back was pretty much negligible in Q2. It might have been an initial shock and the bounce back caught up. So, this year we basically have a hurricane that happened in the earlier part of our quarter, but we should anticipate some bounce back over time. All of that had contemplated in our guidance. So, the 2% to 2.5% same-restaurant sales includes the impact of the hurricane for the quarter.
Gene Lee: Yes. David, again I go back to Buy One Take One ran, I don't know if they ran any more weeks during the quarter because I think it bridges first and second quarter. I think the big thing is that there may have been some pent-up demand because we didn’t run it in the fourth quarter last year, and so we had one extra week in the quarter for Buy One Take One. I think it was the excess demand and I would caution anybody to point to one thing that drove the overall Olive Garden acceleration in comps and improved gap. I want to keep coming back to. This is confidence of a lot of hard work, a little bit extra increase in mix, strong promotions with good add-ons, but overall, I wouldn't want to point to just promotional impact.
Gene Lee: Hi Jeff. Just to remember our margin did include 50 basis points of unfavorability from mark-to-market this quarter, which was significant. Even with that, we had 20 basis points of margin improvement at the restaurant level this quarter. We did anticipate the wage rate that we had in our initial guide, and we still anticipate our labor – I'm sorry, our wage inflation to be about 5%. And also, this year in the first quarter, we had workforce investments that we didn’t have last year.  Now those were previously announced. So, we're really happy with where our restaurant level margin came in, and I’ll take you back to our long-term framework. Our long-term framework is 10 basis points to 30 basis points of EBIT margin expansion, and we still anticipate to be somewhere in that framework this year.
Gene Lee: Let’s start with third-party. We continue to test with the third-party delivery services of scale. We’re monitoring, we’re learning as this business starts to mature, but for us there is significant hurdles that we still have to work through. We’re not sure that it enhances our brands. We’re concerned about how it’s executed. We’re concerned if they can create incremental growth at scale. We’re not happy with the economics. We still have the issue of the data. And lastly, we have to get our arms around how we protect the profitability of our large and growing current off-business premise, which would be difficult to deal with.  So, for right now, we don't anticipate entering into a third-party delivery space in a meaningful way. We’ll continue to analyze and look at our option’s going forward. But we have a very large off-premise business today that’s growing double-digits that the consumer rates us extremely high on, and we're going to continue to make sure that experiences is the best it can be, and we’ll look at third-party. We just don't see this as something that we want to get involved in today with the current way it’s being executed. On OG rewards, OG rewards is a very small test in a multi-brand, in a market with all of our brands. It’s something that we’re looking at. At this point, it’s a test, and I don't really want to talk too much further about the test and its results. And if and when this becomes something that is worthy of further discussion and roll-out we’ll talk about it at that time.
Gene Lee: You know, I think once we get the fundamentals in place and we’ve got the employment situation, what I would call in-line with our other business is we will start to grow it. We will ramp it up from where it is at today. We're going to use a backfill strategy and we will get, we really don't know how fast we can go. We’ve got to learn more about the growth potential of the business and we will grow as fast as our human resources allow us to grow. We think that getting up towards that 7% to 10% unit-growth this kind of a barrier, and we will give you more guidance as we get to that point in the cycle.
Gene Lee: Yes. As I said in my prepared remarks, the primary drive driver of the slight decrease in guest traffic was driven by not running a price point or promotion, and we also have less incentives out there. So, our overall profitability improved significantly throughout the quarter. So, I think our strategy is working where we continue to remove or eliminate a discounted consumer that’s taking out space on our busy night, and I’m thrilled with the components of the LongHorn business and to be able to get those incentives out and pull back on the price point of promotion. So, I know it was a great quarter for LongHorn.
Gene Lee: Yes. Actually, no evidence that says independence or small change are gaining share. I mean our data on that is a little lagging, but I believe that when I look at the data and the industry, again the well-positioned bigger players are continuing to really outperform, and I think that’s going to continue to be true as we move forward. Again, I haven't seen anything that says that where the large players are losing share. I just think that, when we think about employment, I think it is really hard for lower volume businesses to attract great team members because there is just not enough income to share at the service level and freedom in the business model to pay what you need to pay to attract really good talent in the back of the house. And so, I think our brands have a distinct advantage there, where our business model enables us to create an employment proposition that works for our team members.
Gene Lee: Yes. And as you know, we do delivery for catering for minimum $100 order, 24 hours in advance is a very, very good business for us with a great check average and incredible satisfaction scores. We’ll continue to look at whether $100 is the right place to be on that. Right now, we have no interest in delivering a $10 meal to – an individual meal to an individual household. That’s just not a business that we think we want to be involved in right now. As far as where do we think to go and off-promise can go to, and there’s a lot to do with what the consumer or what the consumer demand is for. We will continue to comp with innovative product offerings. We’ll make the process have less friction in it through technology. We think we’re doing an exceptional job in Olive Garden with packaging, and process are on time and correct orders continues to improve. So, we're feeling really good about where we are at. And my goal, our goal, and the team's goal is to create a compelling offer to that consumers, so they are still willing to come pick it up at our restaurant, and our growth in this business is reinforcing that we are doing a good job with it. And so that’s where I want to be. And I have said publicly, if the consumer goes, wants to continue to go there, we could see Olive Garden get to 20% off-premise sales over time.
Gene Lee: Yes. And as I said John in my – I don't anticipate entering into a third-party delivery system agreement in a meaningful way. There are things that I really don't like about that business. 
Gene Lee: Well it was about 30% of our total growth for same-restaurant sales at Olive Garden this quarter. So, remember we still grew in restaurants significantly to determine what exactly how much is incrementality. It is a difficult proposition, but it was only 30% of our same restaurant sales growth.
Gene Lee: Yes, Andrew. The easy answer is, Olive Garden had higher food inflation than LongHorn did. LongHorn’s inflation was lower than Olive Garden. So, food cost favorability at LongHorn was greater than Olive Garden’s.
Gene Lee: Yes. We’re focused right now on stabilizing and really getting off the Cheddar's business where we are not interested in doing anything else at this point in time. I’m not sure, I'm not going to comment on the M&A environment, I'm not really involved in it. So, I don't really know. I don't have an opinion of it. Our focus is, we made an investment to get to bring Cheddar's into our portfolio, to take advantage of our platform. I actually believe in my heart that the operational challenges we’ve had to face are making us really go back to the foundation of this business, and get it right. And if we didn't face these challenges and things may have been a little bit better, we may have gotten to the growth aspect a little quicker and not been able to sustain that into the future because there were real cracks in the foundation and we’ve uncovered those cracks and now we will fix them to build a sustainable business.  So, that’s what – I'm really excited about that, but our focus right now is, let’s get Cheddar's moving in the right direction. When that’s going in the right direction, we’ll pull back. We’ll look at our opportunities from an M&A standpoint, and we’ll decide what we want to do.
Gene Lee: That concludes our call. Thank you for participating and I want to remind you that we plan to release second quarter results on Tuesday, December 18 before the market opens with a conference call to follow. Have a great day.
Rick Cardenas: Hi, Greg. First of all, I just want to make sure that we understand. We take this privacy and security of our guests’ personal information very, very seriously and regret to think that it occurred. Important to note that this incident occurred on a Cheddar's former POS system that was permanently disabled in April, and we completed the implementation of our proprietary POS system and Darden’s systems and networks were not impacted. I will say that we did reserve what we believe will be the cost in the first quarter and that is included in our G&A expense.
Rick Cardenas: We’re not going to talk about where we are for the quarter to date. I will just say that all of the information we know as of today is included in our forecast. And as you remember – as you recall Gene said in his remarks, the mix growth that we had in the first quarter, we’re going to have some things to help moderate that so that we can continue to improve our value proposition and again that’s why that’s in our guidance. And I do want to make a clarification on Jeff Bernstein's question on labor or on the restaurant expense. Our restaurant margin unfavourability from mark-to-market and workforce was 40 basis points. So, with the 40-basis point reduction, we still had a really good restaurant labor. I just want to make sure that I clarify that.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Jake. Basically, if you think about the guidance that we have for the year for EPS growth of [5.52 to 5.65] it is impacted by a couple of things. One is, we are increasing our same restaurant sales as you mentioned, but we have higher share count than we had in our original guidance of 1 million shares roughly and that actually impacts us by about $0.04 unfavorable. And we had such a great tax rate in the first quarter at 4%, while our annual guide tax rate is going to go down by 100 basis points of still an increase in tax rate from this first quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Jake, the mark-to-market all depends on what happens with the stock price and what happens with the market price of just basically the general market. So, we aren't really necessarily forecasting what’s going to happen to our stock price. We adjust and in regards to our option exercise, we just had a lot of options exercise in the first quarter, much more than we typically do. And the majority of those were exercised by retirees. Not necessarily be built here. And so, as we look at the option exercise for the rest of the year, we would anticipate it to be a more normal rate than it was in the first quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Karen a couple of things. One, we did have the hurricane this quarter that offset last quarter's hurricane impact from last year of 30 basis points. Gene did mention the check moderation that you are trying to go forward with. And then we do have a little bit of a tough [ph] comparing the back half of the year. But our guidance is still in the higher end of our long-term framework. It’s 2% to 2.5%, including Cheddar's, the drag on Cheddar's that we’ve had so far. So, we feel really confident in the guide that we have and feel like it’s actually an appropriate number.
Rick Cardenas: No. We’re not seeing any change to our overall 2% inflation, but remember that our outlook was 0% to 1% for food and beverage cost.
