Ricardo Cardenas: Eric, thanks for the question. Never any possible, we said in our prepared remarks is maybe the only limited time offer, likely only been a limited time offer. As you talk about the $6 take home, that's on our core menu. So it's not considered limited time, it's on our menu. But for competitive reasons, we're not going to discuss any more promotional plan details. And so we're going to continue to use our filters that we mentioned, first, elevating brand equity by bringing the brand's competitive advantages to live; second, simple to execute; and third, not at a deep discount. As you'll probably see on ATV today, we're currently airing our open big pastas, which are core menu items for us. So they're not a limited time offer, and it includes our new Ravioli Carbonara, none of these items are discounted. So we're going to stick to our strategy, as Raj said, core growth, core discount growth, and we're going to react accordingly.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Brian. First, let me say how proud I handle the work Dan and his team have done working on keeping with our strategy at Olive Garden. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, Olive Garden already had a positive gap in same-restaurant sales to the industry before never-ending possible, and that gap increased when we brought never-ending possible back for 7 weeks. So it ran about half of the quarter. We're not going to kind of talk about how much nevering possible and contributed to the quarter, but it was a good jump for us. And so as we think about the rest of the year, our guidance contemplates continued strength in Olive Garden, but probably not at the strength that we had for nevering possible. Remember, this is an iconic limited time offer, uniquely positioned, and it covers all 3 filters that we mentioned. And as I said in our prepared remarks, we have exceeded our expectations. So -- and that's a pretty pleasant surprise for us. If you think about given the higher price point, the lower media support, but it does speak to how iconic that brand offer is and the things that Olive Garden brings in such a compelling way. And then finally, we haven't run in 3 years. So guests were really excited for the return, and it fits really well in our second quarter. So if you think about our lowest volume quarter of the year second quarter, never any possible helps keep our traffic a little bit higher so that we don't have to think about bringing team members hours down and then bringing team members back when the holidays go up. So we really were appreciative and we really love with the work that Olive Garden did and where nevering possible was. But not to say that our 3-year stack is going to stay the same as it did in Q2.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Brian, I won't necessarily talk about 23. I'll just talk about what we're seeing, not being an economist, I listen to what they have to say. But as you all know, everybody on this call knows, consumer spending drives the U.S. economy. The -- we've seen a shift in spending though, from durable household goods or durable goods to leisure services, and the restaurant industry has benefited from that shift. Casual dining same-restaurant sales improved from Q1 to Q2 and our positive gap to the industry improved even more during that time. So one of the benefits of our portfolio, as you mentioned, is we have a wide range of consumers. We serve a lot of them all across all of the spectrum. And our data indicates the higher-end consumer hasn't seen the same impact as consumers at the lower end of the spectrum. But if you think about the prepared remarks, sales at Thanksgiving were a record for Fine Dining and Seasons 52 and bookings for this holiday season are encouraging. So it seems like the higher end consumer is doing pretty well. And I know there's been a lot of talk over the year about consumers that's below $50,000 in income because high inflation impacts that consumer more disproportionately, but we've seen a little softness in that consumer over the last 6 months, but the mix of the 50,000 income and under is still above pre-covid levels for us. Even though that shift has come down a little bit, we're still above pre-covid levels at the 50,000 and below. And I would say, keep in mind that a lot of our consumers below $50,000 are single, are retirees are living in multigenerational households. So maybe $50,000 goes a little bit farther for that consumer. But without commenting on the future, we have seen a pretty good performance across all of those consumers over the last few months other than the fact that the 50,000 below consumer is lower than it was 6 months ago, but still higher than it was pre.
Ricardo Cardenas: Andrew This is Rick again. If we see deterioration in the calendar 2023, we always look at ways to tighten and find ways to improve productivity and improve our administrative expenses. We think we're actually really good at doing that. So if something gets really -- shifts really badly in the wrong way, we're going to find ways to at least find places to tighten. On the marketing spend, Raj talked about what our marketing spend is for the rest of this year and for the whole year. We don't anticipate making a big change in that no matter what happens over the next 6 months. We're going to continue to use the filters that we mentioned. And I will say Olive Garden, as I said before, we'll always have advertising in their mix because of their scale. But we're going to stick to our strategy of core growth. We're going to react accordingly to whatever happens. And as we've said in the past, and Raj said it too, if and when we increase our marketing spend, we'll expect it to return -- to earn a return compared to what it would have been without the spend. So we're going to -- as you've seen us in the past, we react when things happen, and we think we'll do the same thing going forward.
Ricardo Cardenas: David, if you think about what we've done over the last few years, we have significantly reduced marketing spending at Olive Garden. And we've talked in the past at how that could be about a 10-point drop in traffic for us. But we're focusing on driving core users to Olive Garden, core gas versus promotional users. And so what we see as an opportunity, we've got more capacity in our restaurants than we did before. But a lot of that in-restaurant experience has moved to the off-premise experience. As you see Olive Garden still at 25% off-premise where prior to COVID, it was much lower than that. So we see it as an opportunity to continue to focus on our strategy of pricing below our competition, pricing below inflation by finding other cost savings to help offset that and give our consumers a great value so they don't need a promotional message to come in and they just get a great value every time they come.
Ricardo Cardenas: Jared, let me talk high level about chatter and talk a little bit about the opening. Cheddar's has made significant improvements in their business model. versus pre-COVID, even with significant inflation, they had a lot of productivity enhancements with the simplified menu and a streamlined menu so that we felt more comfortable opening restaurants at a quicker pace. Not only that, they have really built their leadership pipeline and have been able to staff all of these restaurants with managing partners that have run Cheddar's, and we have a pipeline of more ready to go as we open restaurants. So yes, this was our highest quarter of openings for Cheddar's. We opened 7 restaurants.
Ricardo Cardenas: But again, high level, really proud of the work that JW and his team have done at Cheddar's, really proud of the progress they've made in staffing their restaurants, building their pipeline, and we're seeing some pretty strong performance in these new restaurants.
Ricardo Cardenas: David, as we think about our prototype designs for the future, we always look for ways to trim costs out of our prototypes and find new ways to build the new materials to use. We have built some slightly smaller prototypes or at all of our brands, not necessarily because of the to-go versus the dining room but because it makes it to go experience a little easier by shifting where that to-go area is. Remember, the dining room is the least expensive part of the building. right? So if you really want to take a lot of the cost out of the building, you got to take the cost out of the kitchen. And we think we've got a great kitchen, but we'll find ways to rightsize the prototypes for the market that they're in. without overcomplicating so that we have 50 different prototypes. But we, as I said, our development team is focusing on finding the most efficient building in the markets that we compete in. We've also taken some existing sites as restaurants have closed or their leases have expired for other brands. we've actually gone in and infilled those restaurants, which are slightly less expensive because you don't have some of the framing costs and some of the plumbing. So it helps us in that respect.
Ricardo Cardenas: Dennis, we have a lower tenure today than we did before COVID because of the turnover over the time through COVID. Our turnover is still elevated from the pre-Covid levels, but it's getting better and it's getting -- we're working on getting it closer to what our pre-COVID turnover levels were. As we've mentioned in prior calls, our focus is on training these new team members and getting them more efficient and getting them more productive. And as we continue to get our turnover levels down, that will continue to be a focus for us. also training our existing team members to make them better and give them more opportunities to learn and grow. So we will continue to train. But your point on a slightly lower tenure that is true. And we think as our tenure gets back to more historical levels, which is going to take a little while. But as it does get back to historical levels, then we will improve our productivity slightly from there, too.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Chris. Todd and his team, as we've said in the past, have been on a journey investing in quality and portion and that continues to pay off. They had over 7% same-restaurant sales this quarter. coming off a very strong result last year, right? So it was a pretty strong performance for Longhorn. Raj mentioned average weekly sales are longer and 25% above the pre-COVID levels. Now the state categories benefit over time, but Longhorn is holding their own in that stay category. They're doing really well. I would say traffic, unlike most of casual dining traffic in the long run down room is up versus pre-Covid. And it's, I think, one of the only full-service restaurant companies out there that have positive traffic in the dining room of anybody of scale. So we're really proud of what they've done. Remember, they were on the journey of simplification before COVID. So they're ahead of everybody else in our portfolio on where they were. And so they didn't have to worry about kind of flushing out that promotion guest that already happened. So really proud of what they're doing. I will also say the state category in general is doing well because they've got a great value. The state category in general has a great value. If you think about what we put on the plate for the dollars you spend, the consumers know that. And so we're going to continue to provide a great value at Longhorn and at all of our brands, but particularly a long run with the quality focus they've had, the simplicity that they've always had and the culture that Todd's building.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Chris. If you think about the mix, we're not going to comment as much about the mix impact to comp we did have a strong performance for everything possible that helped our comp. But we're not seeing -- as Raj said earlier, we're not seeing a big check management. We're not seeing a lot of shifting in mix because we've got a very strategic way methodical way we price so that we don't get mix changes when we take price because we've learned this system over time, and it's a proprietary way we do it, -- we use it with our data scientists here. So we haven't seen a whole lot of mix shift. And as I said in the beginning, we've seen -- and the economy has seen a shift from good to services. So that could be why you haven't seen a whole lot of shift in mix in our business and maybe in other -- maybe in our competitors' businesses.
Ricardo Cardenas: Jeff, we haven't really seen a lot of deep discounting in the competitive landscape. There aren't many that are even on television. We've got one of the brands that had come off of TV over the years that have indicated they might come back on, but they're not talking about the discounting when they knew that. I think as Raj mentioned, our margins are about pre-COVID levels. I think we were maybe 1 of 2 companies in the public space that had improvement in margin versus pre-COVID. And most of them are talking about trying to improve their margins. So I'm not going to talk about what I think they'll do, but I'll get you back to what we're going to do. We're going to continue to focus on our filters to evaluate our promotional messaging or any messaging that we do, elevating brand equity, simple to execute, not at a deep discount, sticking to our strategy of core guest growth and reacting accordingly. So whatever the -- whatever our competitors do, we'll watch, but we're going to stick to what we've been doing.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Peter, as we think about any promotional activity or any limited time offer activity more specifically. We want to make sure that, that limited time offer still elevates brand equity as we've said before. And so we think there is a little bit of a halo over that. Now is it going to be as strong as when you've got the promotional message coming out there, a limited time offer message, probably not. But as we've said -- I think we said in prepared remarks, our year-to-date, our quarter-to-date comp sales are equivalent to our year-to-date comp sales. So it's not like we've seen a big slowdown since we stopped never-ending possible. Now that's across Darden, not necessarily across Olive Garden. But I think that's the idea of marketing or messaging is that should endure longer than the limited time offer, and we think this one did.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Peter, there are always new restaurants being built. The question is how many are closing to offset the new restaurants being built. As trade areas move, you're going to see restaurants open. But as we think about the number of units that have closed since pre-COVID, but it's still double digits. We're not seeing that number get smaller or bigger, right? So it's starting to level off a little bit. But some strong competitors still opening restaurants on a net basis. We are opening restaurants on a net basis, but we're not seeing a whole lot of net unit growth in total for the full-service restaurant space. Now as the construction costs start to weigh and as Raj mentioned, maybe you'll see a little bit about that. But I think the margins make it a little bit more challenging.
Ricardo Cardenas: Well, Lauren, I would say what's driving it is the things that we've been doing over the last few years. We talk about simplicity and how simplicity makes it easier for our teams to do what they do. And if they don't have a lot of different things they have to learn and execute, it gets easier. As we streamlined the menu over the last few years, as Gene even mentioned it a year ago, streamlined the menu, you have more items being -- fewer items being made more often. That means the team gets better at those items versus having these 1 or 2 items that you sell in a week. So that helps experience. Our team members have left to learn on the selling side because there's fewer items. So they get -- they understand the items more. Now what we've seen in our performance is our performance in our brands are getting stronger. We're not necessarily seeing the competitor situation move. They might have been flattening out or maybe a couple here or there have gone a little bit on the negative side. But our satisfaction, we're really proud of it. We're proud of both the internal measures and the external measures. And then finally, I will say we've made significant investments over the last few years in our food and in our people. and that will eventually show up in guest satisfaction, and it has. So we feel really good about what we're doing. And our brands having -- being #1 in all of the categories for Technomic, having a Darden brand being #1 in gets the first time ever. That's amazing news for us. And we're going to continue to do what we've done to improve satisfaction, to make it easier for our restaurant teams to do what they do and to invest in our people and invest in our food.
Ricardo Cardenas: Sarah, this is Rick. I'll take the capacity question and I'll give Raj to get the labor question. So on the capacity, you're absolutely right. We've seen more independents, which some -- in some places are a little bit smaller in total seats than the chains. But I don't know if you can get 11% of the restaurants to come out and have capacity in seats grow. We have seen the chains that still are -- still opening restaurants, but not at the level they were before, and it's not helping offset all of the other capacities coming out of the system. And with the inflation on construction costs and the margins that a lot of folks have, it's a little bit harder to open restaurants as Raj said earlier, we've actually walked away from deals even though they were above our cost of capital because we thought we had some better deals. We're not quite sure that everybody can do all of that and still get -- open their restaurants and still get the same kind of returns they were getting before. So long answer to your question, but capacity is impacted by what kind of restaurant is opening or closing. And you're absolutely right. The independence is generally a little smaller. And so capacity seats are probably not down as much as units are down.
Ricardo Cardenas: Andrew, there's a lot in there. So I'm more to try to just address all the pieces. Let's start with the ability to lock in I think for some products, we have that for some, we don't. Like if you think about beef, for instance, I don't think -- I think a lot of suppliers are innovating more. They want to see what's going to happen with supply and really understand the price. So at this point, very few suppliers are willing to last beyond 90 days. So that's truly a structural issue in terms of really the ability, I guess, on that. But there are other products where we can lock in, and we are locking in. So we are continuing to kind of look at wherever there's opportunity to lock in at a good price, we're doing that. That's why you saw that for chicken, for example, we're 90% coverage for the back half. So we did find a price that we thought was good and we -- and closer to flat to last year as we get into the Q4 of this year. So we lock some of that in. And so we are playing it by the year. Our supply team chain team does a great job kind of really thinking through the best strategy to minimize inflation for us while leveraging the relationships. Obviously, as you mentioned, scale helps. Our contracts are bigger, and that gives us the ability to have a little bit more leverage. And again, this is Big part of this is long-standing relationships our teams have built teams have built with the suppliers that help us get to a better number overall rate that we pay.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Brian. Oliver outperformed in Q1 as well. Just the outperformance got a little bit better. When you think about where we were last year, I would say that Olive Garden was probably more fully staffed than maybe some of the other brands in the first quarter of last year. And so other brands may have had a little bit of benefit from more team members. We continue to believe that the investments we made in Olive Garden will continue to pay off over time. And their staffing levels are back to where they were pre-COVID. There are improvements that they've made since pre-COVID in their food. And then finally, Olive Garden, California last year was a big jump for us, and we have a lot of restaurants in California, maybe there wasn't as much across the industry. And so -- that's why we believe that our gap to the industry got better from Q1 to Q2, even though it was positive in Q1.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes. No problem. Yes, brilliant with the basics. It's been here since the jelly days. I remember when that was coined a long time ago. So we've been talking about reeling with the basics for quite a long time. And we believe that we got a little bit more basic, which is the right thing, right? So simplifying our menu, we went to the basic things and we did that better. That said, if you think about our turnover today versus what it was pre coved a lot of the turnover, at least over the last 6 months was 90-day turnover, right? So you come in to start work and then you leave within 90 days. A big chunk of our turnover was during that time period. So we -- all of our general manager conferences happen in August. And the focus and theme August and September, I guess, the theme of those conferences were making Brand X Y Z an even better place to work. how do we continue to make the team member experience better by giving them the tools that they need to do their job, treating them with respect and listening to their concerns. Our turnover is improving. Now I think about where the turnover happens. It generally happens in more of the entry kind of jobs. Our higher turnover is generally in the host area dish area. And generally, in the kitchen, we have more turnover than in the front of the house. That said, we've just completed our engagement survey with Gallup, and we feel really good about the engagement in our team. and we're going to continue to make our brands better places to work by continuing to invest in our team and continuing to teach them and give them opportunities to grow. So where they're going? Don't know, right? So we don't necessarily do exit interviews for every hourly team member on where they're going. But I would guess many of them are leaving the industry. We do have a lot of people that come to work for us that a board for others. So I can't say that we don't have people leave us to go work somewhere else.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, John, that is all manager positions in our restaurants. So General Manager, Well, general manager, it's a little bit harder to be all-time high, if you have one general manager for every restaurant -- that makes sense. But we're pretty close to that. So if you think about our restaurant manager staffing, it's at all-time high. We have more managers per restaurant today than we did before COVID. And part of it is because we are giving them opportunities to grow and we are proud of the fact that we do a lot of promotions from within. So when somebody knows the brand they're working for and they become a manager there, there's a little bit more loyalty to that brand. So -- and then the other thing, when you think about all the things we did during COVID, we made sure that our managers were we didn't really eliminate our manager teams during Cove. We kept them on because we knew how important they award to bring our team members back. And that's why we feel like we're well staffed and we're fully staffed to manage level.
Ricardo Cardenas: Yes, Nick, if you think about what people get when they go to a full-service restaurant, they get more than just the food. They get the experience. And that was -- that's what people are coming to us for. a great value already, but there's more than just the commodity that we put on the plate. It's all of the service, all of the other things that people get to do and being able to sit and spend time with their family and friends. And so yes, if there's a little bit of a shift in away from home versus at home, we still think we've got a great value proposition. That said, we're not going to get into what happens in promotional cadence happens, right? So if our competitors start doing significant discounting promotions, Can't say what I think they'll do. I just think their margins are -- makes it a little harder to do that. We're going to react the way that we've been talking about. We're going to continue to focus on driving our core guests driving profitable sales growth, and that's our focus for now in the near future.
Rajesh Vennam: Yes, Eric, we're going to be close. So I think that as we said, it should be close to 1 -- we said 10 to 20 basis points above last year. That's how we think about it.
Rajesh Vennam: It's truly inflation on the construction costs and some equipment costs as well. So it's really -- a lot of it is new restaurant related. Some is on the -- even on the facilities CapEx, there's a little bit higher inflation.
Rajesh Vennam: Yes, David, it's really the fact that last 2 quarters were 15% was in the first quarter, second quarter was 13%. So as you look at the back half, really, Q3, we're thinking it's going to be mid- to high single digits and then Q4 is closer to flat. So if you do that, what that translates into on the year is closer to that 8% to 9% that's really the difference. I think when we spoke the last time, we expected a step change from the first half to the second half. And we are seeing that. However, it's not as big as we thought. It's still a pretty big change. I mean, as I just mentioned, we're going from mid-teens to high single -- mid- to high single digits as we get into Q3 and close it to flat for Q4. So pretty big change, but there were a few there are a few items that are higher than we would have expected, namely dairy, grains and produce, and quite a bit of this is weather-related and so that's actually baked into our expectations going forward.
Rajesh Vennam: Yes, versus last year. We had 7 restaurants versus last year at Cheddar's 4 in the quarter. And we -- those restaurants are performing really well. So they're primarily in markets close to where Cheddar's already exists. It's not like we're -- we have a lot of restaurants opening in brand-new markets. But we are looking at newer markets to open Cheddar's in. But as we mentioned early on in the acquisition of Cheddar's, we thought we had more room to infill markets that they already have restaurants. So that helps us leverage our scale in those markets that helps us leverage our supply chain and our people.
Rajesh Vennam: I think there's always risk. As you think about, that's why we have a range of 8% to 9% as our assumption going in. We'll have to see how this plays out, right? I mean some of the stuff, like I have mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks, Q2, the impact on product produce especially led us -- no one expected that. It came out of nowhere. It was weather related. There were 2 hurricanes and Florida, 2 hurricanes in Mexico, they just really destroyed the crops. And that cycle stuff is always a risk. We contemplated some of that in our guidance.
Rajesh Vennam: Yes, David, let me start by saying pretty much on average. Our new restaurants exceed cost of capital by quite a bit. We had a big margin to begin with. Now the construction costs have gone up, so have our unit economics. So if you look at overall performance of where we are, I just mentioned earlier, our operating income this quarter was 160 basis points higher than pre COVID. So our 4-wall unit level economics have gotten better that helps mitigate some of the construction cost increases. Now with that said, we already -- we obviously want to continue to maintain the pace of opening. But we continue to monitor inflation in construction costs. And we are being very disciplined. There are a few times where we have walked away from some deals because the cost was too high even though that would have probably exceeded our cost of capital. We're just being a little bit more selective on that front. Now all that said, we're starting to see some green shoots on the construction side. The last few bids, I think, were more closer to or below -- slightly below elevated budget. But at least it's a positive sign. So we think there are -- there's some -- potentially this could lead to some decrease in the level of inflation over time.
Rajesh Vennam: Dennis, I think the reaction is not that dissimilar to historical meaning we are getting a pretty decent flow-through from pricing north of 90%. And so really not seeing any major pushback. We haven't seen any moderation on the check mix. There have been things here and there where maybe advertiser pricing, we may not have gotten the exact level of flow-through. But overall, when you look big picture, it doesn't look like there's a lot of resistance. Now we are pricing a lot less than our competitors. So I don't know what is happening with the industry itself, but our pricing is well below the industry. And maybe that's part of what -- why we're not seeing a lot of existence.
Rajesh Vennam: Well, I think the biggest -- all the one that's going to have the most uncertain data is the traffic. I mean, what kind of traffic are we going to see? And we -- obviously, we've used a wide range of roughly 3% on the back half to accommodate some consumer shifts, but there's a meaningful change. That's -- obviously, that's something that could have an impact. That's really the big one. Dennis, inflation has been heard deferent, I mean there have been a multitude of factors that have been impacting inflation, right? You start with start off with the supply shortages and other things, labor impact. But now as labor starts to come down or get into a better shape, you've got weather events, obviously, global events. So there's a lot going on. inflation is probably the second one. And to me, those are the 2 things. Outside of that, I think everything else was probably pretty well buttoned up.
Rajesh Vennam: I see they're pretty consistent with last year. I don't -- I mean, again, there's also gift card sales, the day before Christmas matters a lot. So there's still a little bit of time to go. And then we haven't discounted. We -- a lot of -- before COVID, we used to have some offers for gift cards. We have stop doing that. So pretty much all of our big brands, we don't discount. We don't provide any additional discount to buy gift cards. So for us to see the strength we are seeing without any discounts, we feel pretty good.
Rajesh Vennam: Yes. And on the labor side, as you look at where we started the year, the hourly wage rate in our first quarter was mid-9. So I think we said 9.5%. Second quarter was 8.5%. So you saw like a full point change in the rate of inflation. We expect that to continue to go down maybe 50 basis points a quarter for the next 2 quarters. So we are seeing moderation Obviously, this takes time in terms of once you give somebody an increase, that's there, that impact for the full year. And then as we bring on new people, we are seeing that the -- there's not as much pressure on the starting wage as it used to be. It's still high. It's still way higher than pre cover, but it's not -- it doesn't continue to go -- it's not continuing to go up. And so hopefully, that answers your question.
Rajesh Vennam: Yes. I would say that G&A actually the way -- because of the way we do incentive accruals, G&A is going to be probably higher in the back half than the first half. The restaurant-level margin should improve relative to pre-COVID in the back half versus where it was in the front half. But overall, if you step back, look at overall, your point is right. We do expect growth in the back half now. I'll point out that the starting point is way higher for the back half because our margins were very high in the back half to begin before cold. So we had more room to grow in the first half, and you saw that. But G&A, definitely, we expect G&A in the back half to be higher as a percent of sales than it was in the front half.
Rajesh Vennam: It's really inflation. If you think about the 3 items I mentioned that have the highest inflation -- had highest inflation in the quarter, chicken, dairy, and we -- well, that's all has gotten for you. We got 20-plus percent. They have a little over 20% inflation on the commodities this quarter. So that -- when you take that into consideration and look at the fact that we only had 6.5% pricing at Darden level and Olive Garden, obviously, would be pretty close to Darden price in our price level. That's the biggest piece. And then one other piece I mentioned on the call was lettuce while we did not experience the same level of inflation as the general market, it was a big surprise. It was, call it, $4 million to $5 million impact in the quarter, that's meaningful.
Rajesh Vennam: Well, so actually, let me kind of explain how we got there. If you think about our pricing we had in the earlier guidance was 5%, now we're at 6%. We raised the coupon of our sales by 0.5 point. So essentially, we're saying on the top end, we're actually brought down traffic by about 0.5 point. And then on the bottom end, we basically raised it by the full point, which kind of gets to that pricing. So that's really the driver of our change in guidance. then the costs out of the cost -- we have some visibility into costs and we have some ranges around the ones where we have some risk, and that's how we came up with this guidance.
Rajesh Vennam: No. I think look, our casual dining average frequencies and we call it in that 3 to 4x. And what we see with the core -- all of our brands are seeing over time, the investments we've made pay off and transmitting into a slight tick up in frequency. But again, this is a slow build. We always believe that we -- that's our bet is that this takes time. But we are seeing -- it is -- we're seeing signs of positive momentum. And I think is the fact that we outpaced the industry by over 500 basis points on traffic, tells you that things we've done over time are translating into some increased frequency.
Rajesh Vennam: Yes, Brian, it was approximately 6.5% in Q2. And for the full year, we're saying it's going to be closer to -- so the way to think about it is Q3 is likely going to be low 6s, and Q4 is likely going to be closer to 5%.
Rajesh Vennam: Yes. I think the point here is you have to look at other line items. So utility is probably in that mid-teens -- low to mid-teens. That's part of it. And then we are seeing all other costs being in the low to mid-single digits. So when you take that into consideration, the total inflation of is what we're expecting. So yes, you're right, total restaurant labor inflation is approximately 7%. And you combine that with 8.5%, the big point of that 8% to 9% on prudent beverage. And then utilities in that mid-teens and all other costs low to mid-single digits, that's how you get to 7% on the total. So we're talking about the total cost base. That includes everything.
Rajesh Vennam: Jake, I think you're activating too much signs to this method here because when we look at how we do this, the midpoint of our guidance is about 75 basis points higher than last time with 1% pricing. So really, what we changed the midpoint by 25 basis points on traffic. That's within the margin of matter of many models we build. I mean, I wish we only had a 50 basis point margin effect around our models. It's obviously a lot wider. I hate to admit it, but I don't think -- we're not experts at prognosticating this business on. So we're doing the best we can, and that's our best estimate at this point.
Rajesh Vennam: Well, I think what we're incorporating is some potential shifts, changes in consumer behavior. That's why you have a range of 3 percentage points on traffic. If you look at the back half -- and if you look at -- translate that into the guidance range we have, that implies a range of 3 points, that is to accommodate potential changes in consumer behavior, but not a step change. And I said earlier, if there is a major step change, that's not really contemplated in our guidance.
