Clarence Otis: Thanks, Drew. So as Brad and Drew have said, this was a very strong quarter financially, and that's even more so when you consider that we still had quite a bit of commodity inflation from a year-over-year perspective. And so we were very encouraged by the strengthening that we saw at Olive Garden and by the continued momentum we had at Red Lobster, at LongHorn and within the Specialty Restaurant Group. And as our outlook for the full year suggests, we expect to deliver strong financial performance in the fourth quarter. And just as importantly, we believe we can perform strongly from a financial perspective well into the future.  Now as those of you who've followed us and the industry know, ours is a dynamic industry, and so there are going to be headwinds and tailwinds from year-to-year and even from quarter-to-quarter. Still as we've outlined at our recent Analyst Day, we have a compelling opportunity we believe at Darden.  Over the next 5 years, that opportunity represents the potential to add another $3 billion to $4 billion in revenues, another $2 to $3.50 of added earnings per share and the opportunity to return somewhere between $2.6 billion and $3.3 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. Some of this potential is driven by an increasingly cost-effective support platform that has realized more than $50 million in cost savings since fiscal 2008, and we think that we could get another $110 million in cost savings by fiscal 2016.  We also have a winning culture we talked about at the Analyst Day, and that is evidenced by exceptional employees across all of our brands who are just committed to the business. We were recently recognized by FORTUNE Magazine as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For, and that was for the second year in a row. And that recognition really is a testament to the commitment and capabilities of our employees. And ultimately, that commitment and those capabilities are why we remain on track to our ultimate goal of becoming a great company, and it's why we're so excited about the future. And with that, let us turn to your questions. So let's get started.
Clarence Otis: Yes, we maintained, I think, it's 2.5% to 3% for the full year, and so I'd have to back into what that is in the fourth quarter. It does mean a pretty broad range, I think, in the fourth quarter. We think that's appropriate given the environment we're in because if we look at the environment, if we step back and look at it, I'd say, last 2 years, it's been a slow improving trend inside casual dining. But that 2 years has also been marked by choppiness, and that choppiness has been based on consumer sentiment, it's been based on jobs headlines, gas and food price sort of shocks. And today we're seeing more of the same. So the underlying trend continues to be an improving trend, but there continues to be choppiness. So periods of strength followed by periods of weakness as consumer sentiment today is mixed with decent job news, but that's offset certainly by a spike up in gas and food prices. And so if you look at today's environment across the industry, it is somewhat weaker than it was during the holiday and immediate post-holiday period. And so that all, we think, warrants having a pretty broad range of estimates for comps for the fourth quarter.
Clarence Otis: Well, I think as I was trying to discuss, and if you look backward and you take weather out of Knapp-Track third quarter x us, it's roughly 0.7% percent up, maybe up a point. That's pretty consistent with the second quarter, our fiscal second quarter. It's also pretty consistent with the fiscal first quarter. And really even as you go back into our last fiscal year, and that fiscal year was up about a fraction below a point as well, and so it's been -- and those are percentages on top of percentages. So it's been an improving trend, albeit slow. And through that period, there has been volatility around that trend line, and that volatility from month to month and season to season, x weather, primarily reflects headlines around economic strength or weakness. And so a lot of jobs data driving some of that, a lot of geopolitical headlines driving some of that, and it also has been affected by spikes in some important categories of costs like food and gasoline. And so that's been what we've seen, and I would say today we see more of the same. And so you've got a mixed picture right now because the jobs news is actually positive. But you do have the spikes in gasoline and food, and so we think, given that, because all of those things could change, the jobs picture could get worse, the spikes in food and gasoline could abate, that it's appropriate to have a pretty broad range as we look out to the fourth quarter and think about what the comps ought to be, and so that's where we are.
Clarence Otis: When we think about Red Lobster, growing comps is a big opportunity for sure, but it's going to go beyond promotions. So the new advertising campaign that they've introduced, real people is doing a better job of communicating the quality of the products and the quality of the menu that people experience at Red Lobster, more so than prior ad campaigns. That's going to help remodels, continuing to roll out remodels aggressively in '13 and finishing in fiscal '14 is going to continue to help. We're working on meaningful core menu news for next year that's going to, we think, strengthen the same-restaurant sales trends that we've been seeing. And on top of that, we think they've got a promotion strategy that's resonating with their guest base that's about craveable dishes with price certainty, and that's got a big media investment behind it, and we're going to continue with that promotion strategy and add news to the dishes in it. But there's going to be a broader range of levers that we're looking at to maintain same-restaurant sales growth.
Clarence Otis: ] No, I don't know that I'd characterize it as conservative, just because we're living through a fairly choppy time here, and things move, both in positive and negative ways without a whole lot of prior notice. And so I'd say given the environment we're in, we think it's a reasonable range.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I think as we look at it and you think about the way we plan our business, and we have annual plans and 3-year plans, over those periods, gas prices really aren't a huge factor. Now from quarter-to-quarter, they make a difference. But over those periods, they aren't a big factor. There are a lot of other things that are much bigger, employment growth being at the top of the list.
Clarence Otis: We were pleased with the performance of the 3-course feast at Olive Garden. It contributed to the improvement in guest count trend that began under the prior promotion Baked Pasta Romana, contributed to profitable growth in a percentage basis and absolute basis as you said. We saw the industry slow down a little bit in February, and that probably was reflected a little bit in Olive Garden's trend in February. But overall, we were pleased with the performance of it.
Clarence Otis: No -- we're tongue-tied. No, I think, again, we've got a range, a blended range for the 3 big concepts. It reflects a lot of variables. We think all 3 businesses have solid underlying business strength, and that range reflects that.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I'll start by saying no, it's not structural. So seafood inflation was pretty significant in the third quarter still, not nearly where it was in the first half, but we didn't price for that inflation. And I think that's what you’re seeing at Red Lobster.
Clarence Otis: Sara, this is Clarence, so back to your question because we do quote data that you don't see. So Knapp-Track x us in February was roughly 2%. While in January, it was 3.3%. And in February -- sorry, in December, 2.7%. And so that February number that you see externally, the 2.8%, is because we were at 6% in February. And so when you add that, it pushes the industry number that Malcolm publishes from 2% to 2.8%.
Andrew H. Madsen: I believe what we talked about was seeing a change in households with income below $50,000, kind of median household incomes, and that is an important segment for Olive Garden. But in the last quarter, we really need to look at more than just one quarter to see if a trend change has occurred. But we're certainly focused on building that aspect of their business.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, and I'd add from a consumer dynamic standpoint, the need for affordability continues, particularly in households that are more economically challenged, and we see that in a variety of areas. We saw it in a more pronounced way early in our fiscal year in terms of add-ons and negative check management. While we're still seeing some softness in add-ons and still seeing some check management continue, compared to what we've seen historically, it is not at the same elevated levels that we saw in the first quarter. Part of that is because we've taken proactive steps to introduce more news, but part of it could be on the consumer side as well.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, the biggest change in the near term to Olive Garden's marketing is a difference in the way we're approaching our promotions. So for the last several years, Olive Garden has focused primarily on introducing new dishes, typically 2 new dishes in a promotion. And occasionally, we had a price point on those promotions. And I think what we've learned is that the environment has gotten more competitive, and to compete for consumers' attention, we need bigger ideas. So the biggest change is we're moving to what we've called a broader platform idea that, by itself, can capture more consumer attention than just 2 new dishes. So historically, Never-Ending Pasta Bowl is an example of a platform idea. Lobsterfest is an example of a platform idea. Stuffed Filets is an example of a platform idea at LongHorn. So this 3-course Italian meal is an example of a broader platform idea that, by itself, is more important than the new dishes underneath it, and it performed well. So that's the basic way we're approaching a change in promotions, broader ideas brought to life with new dishes, and we're going to be featuring brand-appropriate price points in those promotions going forward periodically to help address the need for affordability, but that's in the near term. We've also adjusted our advertising. So historically, we've talked -- a lot of our commercial has been spent telling a story about an experience that consumers have in our restaurants and how that makes them feel like family, and that story has incorporated a message about our new dishes. Now with this transitional advertising, we've toned down the story and elevated more of the commercial to focus on the platform idea, the dishes and the price points so that there's a more overt message of news and value that guests are hearing. So those are probably 2 biggest changes in the near term, but I'd remind you that over time, this is more than a promotional response, and it's going to involve core menu news. It's going to involve a different advertising campaign. It's going to involve a remodel to those non-Tuscan farmhouse restaurants, and all that's coming on a base for a business that we think remains very strong. And you see that in all the fundamentals we talked about at our analyst conference, average unit volume, restaurant returns, et cetera.
Andrew H. Madsen: No, we're not anticipating a check decline at Olive Garden. We are anticipating increasing traffic with a consumer set -- with a guest segment that's more affordability-minded, but -- and that's going to drive increases in total sales, in total margin dollars, as well as our EBIT margin. But we're not anticipating, not planning on a check decline.
Andrew H. Madsen: Yes, the February year-over-year pricing is just a modest difference in timing versus the prior year. So we introduced some affordability-oriented items to the menu, and at the same time, we added some pricing to the menu. But for the full year, we anticipate our pricing to be very similar to what it's been historically, in that 2% to 3% range. So this isn't a ramping up in pricing in a meaningful way. It's just a difference in -- by a month in the introduction of news to the menu.
Andrew H. Madsen: So the menu mix at Olive Garden is really a reflection of a couple things: add-ons, which have been soft versus prior year, got better, particularly appetizers got better later in the third quarter when we added some appetizer news. We also added some nonalcoholic beverage news. That was important. We've seen a little bit less guest trading, as I mentioned earlier. It's still above prior year, but not to the same degree as it's been earlier in our fiscal year. And then the pricing of our 3-course Italian meal at $12.95 was actually couple of dollars higher than the pricing of the promotion we had last year. So guests are resonating to it. They feel it's a strong value because it's a compelling platform idea, but the pricing was actually higher than year ago. You already touched on the key dynamic at LongHorn, which is growth in lunch. And the only real difference in trend at Red Lobster was in January, where we had the 4-course seafood feast for $15 this year versus a Seafood Dinner for Two at $30 last year, essentially the same price, but we had more preference on the seafood feast this year. So the menu mix was basically flat in January, but it drove traffic contributed to earnings growth. So we were pleased with it.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, we do anticipate that there's going to be an impact to -- because of the shift in Lent and Lobsterfest being pulled forward. Last year, they were up 3.5-I-think-percent something like that, yes, 3.8% in the fourth quarter. We've got solid momentum at Red Lobster, and it's driven by more than just promotion as I mentioned. So I don't think we want to comment on an individual brand component of our total portfolio, but we feel good about the business and the trend it's on. But we do expect some year-over-year seasonality impact that won't be positive.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, it's never totally controllable. We wish it were, but it's never totally controllable. But I think we can certainly influence that by what we advertise and what we offer on our menu. So we're offering more affordability that's resonating with more people that's driving the top line. Our year-over-year featured price points were actually a little higher at the end of the quarter as I mentioned earlier. So we certainly can influence it, and we're keenly focused on doing that. But it's never totally controllable.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, there are a lot of moving pieces for sure in the quarter, and the moving pieces include some differences in checks. So I think the easiest way and the way we're looking at it is same-restaurant sales. And if you adjust for what you mentioned, weather, Lent, Lobsterfest, growth in December and January were both around 2.5%, 3%, which is a number that we would be comfortable with over time in terms of profitable same-restaurant sales growth from Red Lobster. It dropped a little bit to the high 1.6% or 1.7% if you adjust for all those things in February. And as much as anything, we think that was reflective of the overall industry slowing a little bit in February more so than anything that Red Lobster was doing.
Andrew H. Madsen: Well, as it relates to the promotion, a 3-course meal for $12.95 is a pretty modest reduction from a discount standpoint, but a pretty meaningful value from a guest standpoint. So it was really the best of both worlds for Olive Garden. We were pleased with it. And while we won't comment specifically on what's going to happen in the future either on promotions or core menus, it did what we anticipated it would do. So we were pleased with it. And typically when something works, you think about doing it again at some point. And there wasn't any meaningful reduction in advertising for the quarter. I'm not sure about by month but for the quarter.
Andrew H. Madsen: No, we haven't changed our accounting for coupons, and the increase in food cost as a percent of sales probably reflects a little bit of commodities cost increase, and the price point at $12.95 probably contributed to it a little bit, even though it was a very disciplined promotion in terms of how we thought about the promotion and the price and the food cost of the new dishes because it did ultimately contribute to an increase in earnings in absolute dollars and percentage basis.
Andrew H. Madsen: And the seafood component, the year-over-year mismatch between pricing at seafood in Red Lobster was substantial in the first quarter, and it's been reduced each quarter since then, and we would anticipate that it won't be a headwind next year.
C. Bradford Richmond: And Brad, this is Brad. Our guidance is still the same that we shared in February, but also remember the benefit that we got in the quarter from the Lent shift is going to reverse out in the fourth quarter. So we're going to make that up and still be on our original guidance.
C. Bradford Richmond: I'll take a stab at it first. But I think if you back out weather for the industry for our third quarter, it was probably up roughly a point, and that solid’s comp, and so it continues to be -- and that's comping on improvement prior year, and so we think slow improving trends is what we're beginning to see.
C. Bradford Richmond: And on the geographical basis, obviously, in the northern climates, we saw more of an improvement there, mainly due to the weather. But even in areas that traditionally -- of the country that traditionally don't have much weather impact, California, Texas, Florida, those regions continue to build as well. So it's more broad-based x the weather factor, which affects more the northern part of the country.
C. Bradford Richmond: No, it's going to ratchet up some as we look at next year, although there's a lot that we do on the tax planning and tax initiatives, and so we'll be able to keep that lower than many of our people in the industry, but it will ramp up some. We're still working through that. But probably closer to the 27% range at this point would be my best guess on that.
C. Bradford Richmond: John, this is Brad here. And without going into great detail, I think we're going to look at balancing what I call the margin per guest, so after food and after labor. We believe we can be very successful in balancing it, sometimes pulling it back a little bit, with the ability to draw more guests in. But in the end, we would expect those to maintain or modestly build our restaurant level margins that we talked about. And from that, that would, obviously, build the company's EBIT margins. And so different promotions may go different ways, but in the end, restaurant and EBIT margins, we would expect to be equal, if not expanding.
C. Bradford Richmond: No, there’ll continue to be gains this year. We haven't really gone into detail in the current year, but we would expect to add to that next year, probably not at the same rate though that we added at the current year.
C. Bradford Richmond: That's exactly it. It's kind of blurry because you can't see brand-by-brand detail, but that is the single factor there. Had that been more normalized inflation rate, there would have been significant leverage on a percentage basis as well.
C. Bradford Richmond: John, this is Brad. On an absolute basis, it was up year-over-year, slightly a little bit of leveraging of the dollars, though.
C. Bradford Richmond: We continue to look at G&As, and we managed those pretty tightly. It's going to vary some, though, quarter-to-quarter, but we would expect for that to be leveraged as well.
C. Bradford Richmond: No, that would just be really more the leveraging of their additional sales. The dollars would be relatively close to the same.
C. Bradford Richmond: I'll speak to Darden as what we share there. If we just reflect back in both the first and the second quarter, we had about 8% year-over-year inflation. We talked about 6% in our last call, and we came in very close to that. And we're still looking for roughly 3%, maybe slightly lower in our fourth quarter. But that -- again, that's for the entire Darden basket.
C. Bradford Richmond: This is Brad, and I'll start with your first question. If you look at the mix of -- the brand mix, we do get a little bit higher food and beverage cost as LongHorn continues to grow. And with the strong sales success at Red Lobster, that does add to food and beverage line. But that's probably no more than 10 to 15 basis points. But because of each of those brands’ business model, we pretty much gained that back because both LongHorn and Red Lobster run a lower restaurant labor than Olive Garden. So it does affect each of the lines a little bit to your point, but to restaurant margins, it really doesn't make a significant difference there. And then on the same-restaurant sales question, I think what you see with the industry from Malcolm's information is his numbers include us. And so when we're talking here, we're talking about excluding Darden from that impact. So I'm suspecting that's the difference on your comment about our same-restaurant sales, talking about February versus what's been published out there.
C. Bradford Richmond: Yes, I think what you're seeing right now is -- the differential there is the incremental amount that's going towards remodels, and there's a lag between when you make that investment and you start to see the sales results. So that would typically raise depreciation as a percentage of sales basis, but what we've seen is that comes back down over time. You're also seeing a mix that's going on right now because these are accounting records, and so newer units have a higher investment base. There's more depreciation dollars that puts upward pressure on it. And we're also seeing the opportunity, which we're in favor of, to buy more of our new restaurant properties and those assets that go along with it. So those put some upward pressure there, but downward pressure on the interest cost. But it's not going to vary more than 10, maybe 20 basis points on a year-to-year basis.
C. Bradford Richmond: Your math is working out pretty good. I would say somewhere around flat would be a good expectation for us.
