Clarence Otis: Thanks, Brad. And so when you step back, what does all this mean? It means that in a fragmented full-service dining industry that has few participants of size, we'll add roughly $0.5 billion of sales in the next 12 months, we'll deliver mid-teens earnings growth, a 34% increase in our dividend and nearly $400 million in share repurchase. And we'll do so after investing well over $0.5 billion in strengthening and expanding our business. And we'll also do so in a tough economic environment, one where there's sluggish economic growth and elevated inflation and some costs that are pretty important to us.  What do those expectations tell us? They tell us that we've built something special. We've built a diverse portfolio of brands that enables us to deliver strong results even when any single one of our brands is experiencing the tactical ups and downs that every brand at some point will experience in an industry as dynamic as full-service dining. And most importantly, they tell us that we've built some wonderful teams, support teams that have expertise, that's industry-leading in the many areas that are critical to success in our business, and teams in our restaurants who are passionate about supporting one another and even more passionate about delighting guests.  And so you can be sure that there are a couple of things we'll continue to do. We'll continue to leverage all that we've created to build ever strong guest loyalty, and we'll continue to leverage all that we've created to produce industry-level leadership level, total shareholder returns. And so with that, I know it's end of fiscal year so we've run a little long, but we will stay longer to make sure that we answer all your questions. And we'd be delighted to start that right now. So thank you.
Clarence Otis: Well, David, I think as we put our plans together, we really -- we start with the overall macroeconomic environment. We work with our partner, is David Cross, a well-known, well-respected economist. Market Outlook is David's firm. And so we really do start with GDP growth and all the components that go into that. And then some things that David in his model over many years working with us has identified as drivers of casual dining. And I would say as you look at the range of GDP growth projections that's out in the marketplace, David's probably towards the lower end. And so that really is the foundation for what we think the industry's going to do and then we put together our plans based on what we think we can do relative to the industry. So compared to a range of estimates, it's conservative. Unfortunately for all of us, David's been more conservative than most over the last several years, and he's been more right than most. So that's where we are.
Clarence Otis: Well, I don't want to go too much into specifics for each brand, but we expect all of the brands to contribute positively to our same-restaurant sales performance for the fiscal year.
Clarence Otis: Well, I think we finished the month really with a promotion -- we started the month with the same promotion that we had in May. And so we didn't see a huge trend change. The big change has occurred just last week really with, as Drew said, the introduction of the most recent -- the current promotion that reflects some of the tactical changes that we've made that are consistent with all of the observations that Drew offered.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I'd say there are quite a few. I mean, labor continues to be one of those, but food cost is another. And so we've got, as Brad said, a total inflation rate -- he outlined I think 5% to 5.5%. We've locked in the first half of that for the most part. The second half we have not. We think prices are going to come down even with continued economic improvement. But if the economy flags even more than we expected -- expect rather, we don't see food cost inflation staying at the levels we've got in our plan.
Clarence Otis: Yes. Well, I'll start off and say the key is putting together a dish that has the right margin structure or an offer that has the right margin structure that taking something that's built for a margin at x price and trying to deliver it at 25% less. And so Red Lobster's done a lot of work over the past several months on culinary innovation. And so the offer that they have out in the market right now, the promotion, the 4-course for $15, was created with a very strong margin structure. And so we feel really good about it, good enough that this is an offer that could transition to the permanent core menu.
Clarence Otis: We don't know, I guess, is the answer. I'd say the thing that Drew outlined was that as you look at casual dining over the last 6 months, it's an industry where same-restaurant sales are strengthening. And so in general, the trend over that period is better months, and that's despite tougher prior year comparisons. And that's in the face of elevated gasoline prices. It's in the face of some of the supermarket inflation. So we couldn't really just aggregate it, but the industry is holding up well. And that's consistent with our view that casual dining is definitely a integrated part of people's lives.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I think to be more specific, on the first half of the year in the earnings growth that we talked about, it's pretty singularly focused on the elevated cost environment -- food cost environment that we're in. And we think of these pretty high elevated levels compared to a year ago where there was very little inflation in the food cost. And as you start to get to the back half of the year when we're lapping on this, we actually see that prices will be no higher than that and probably to start moving down a little bit.
Clarence Otis: I would say the mix effects was maybe 20, 25 basis points of that. It was -- we've seen the elevated commodity costs, and so that is by far and away the big driver of that. The mix impact was pretty minor. We had Lobsterfest, which delivers a higher absolute margin, but the percentage is a little bit less, or said other way, a little bit higher elevated food cost. And we've had some other promotional activity, but they're delivering margins pretty much as we would expect. So I would stay singularly focused more on commodity food cost as the headwind in the first half of the year -- first half of the new fiscal year.
Clarence Otis: And I think we dimensionalized what that draw effect was at the investor conference that we had back in February and -- 60, 70 basis points, and that hasn't really changed.
Clarence Otis: And I would just underscore one of the things that Drew said. So Red Lobster in fiscal ‘11, price certainty from $11.99 to $19.99. So it's a range of prices. So we're not talking about necessarily steep discounts, and their business accelerated going from an $11.99 offer to a $15 offer. So it's all about, ultimately, the value that you're delivering to guests, and we think that we've got the expertise to deliver value and maintain a pretty strong margin.
Clarence Otis: Yes, I'll start just by talking about how we view Darden overall. And so we think that given the portfolio of brands that we have, over the long term we should be at 2% to 4%. And that portfolio has a very strong new unit growth rate -- profile, rather, and so overall, when you factor in the units, 7% to 9%, we talked at the Analyst Meeting about where we think the industry will be. So we think we've got an industry where same-restaurant sales growth will be more like 1%, 2%, and that's over the long term. And so there's a gap implicit in that. Of course, it's going to bounce around from year-to-year and period-to-period, depending on market dynamics and competitive dynamics. But that's the long term sort of outlook.
Clarence Otis: Yes. I would say, no, not at all. I think, given our price points are in the higher end of the range of casual dining price points, our customer tends to be a pretty well-heeled customer from a mass-market perspective. But all customers, even those that are accounting for more of the traffic, so the north of $65,000, $70,000, all customers are budgeting with a lot more discipline. And so it really is around price certainty in that environment, not necessarily a price discount. Customers aren't looking for a discount. But they want to kind of know a little bit more, with a little bit more precision what they're going to spend when they choose to go out or when they choose do anything else. So we are well positioned because our brands sit where they sit, and that customer base has always been core to them. We do think, though, you've got a lot of customers below $65,000 household incomes, and we want to make sure that we stay as relevant as possible to them. And so it is critically important for that reason to maintain everyday price accessibility, and all of our brands are working on improving on that score.
Clarence Otis: And LongHorn is really got some other things working in its favor. I mean, LongHorn built itself and its legacy to a region. The Southeast is one of the regions where -- the spend for customer is actually lower than it is in most of the country. So LongHorn, as it expands, expands out into an environment where people spend more. And that's a big positive for average unit volumes as you move away from comps and look at just AUVs, which are important to business model health.
Clarence Otis: Well, I'll talk about the first quarter, and I would say it would be wonderful if June and July -- July and August looked like June, but we are not planning that. And so the answer to that question is yes, we do expect them to be a little bit lower. This promotion has started off, it’s much more a blockbuster than we had planned, but we are not planning to see that continue. If it does, earnings will be better than we expect.
Clarence Otis: And I would just add, and Brad can correct me if I'm wrong, but we haven't built our plans on commodity prices cost coming down. We've built them on them flattening out in the second half. To the extent they come down, that would be a plus up.
Andrew Madsen: And the one follow-up I'd add to that is we want to make sure with any of our promotions that we're delivering an experience that people expect of the brand. And sometimes, if you take a very big discount, and you're not going to deliver the same experience that they've come to expect from you -- and this 4-course seafood feast that Red Lobster's got now is designed to deliver the experience Red Lobster guests love and do it in a way that is very value creating for Darden shareholders.
Andrew Madsen: So with our annual pricing every year, the 2 things we're looking to do is make sure we're covering the net inflation that's going into our business model and also preserve the value creation and the relative positioning competitively that each brand enjoys. So historically, we've taken pricing in the 2% to 3% range. This coming year what I mentioned is that all of our major brands are going to be at the low end of that range because we know there's an elevated need for affordability. But we also are very comfortable that, that range of pricing is very consistent with maintaining strong unit economics because of all the proactive cost management that we've got going on.
Andrew Madsen: Yes, this is Drew. There are 2 incremental value-oriented promotions in the first half. One is going on now. But just like with the Red Lobster promotion we discussed, the products that have been developed and the price point that's been established and the traffic that we anticipate generating, we anticipate to be value creating. So we think it's going to address consumer need for broadly appealing dishes, attractive price points that are going to help us generate profit growth.
Andrew Madsen: So the new menu for Olive Garden just went in a couple of weeks ago, and with that menu there was some pricing. So that is in the market now. Yes, we are adopting the price certainty approach that's worked well for Red Lobster. And there isn't any specific Olive Garden research to that. We have just noticed that, that approach has worked very well for Red Lobster, and we know that there's an elevated need for consumer affordability. And if they aren't sure what the range of prices are going to be in a promotion, we want to eliminate that uncertainty and tell them specifically what it is because we think, for Olive Garden $10.95 and $12.95, for instance, are very compelling prices. On the third question, there has been impact to existing restaurants as Olive Garden has opened new units. The cost of that impact is built in to the value creation hurdle that the new restaurants have to earn against, and the new restaurants that Olive Garden continue to meaningfully exceed that earnings hurdle. So we're very pleased.
Andrew Madsen: Sure. Well, specifically speaking to day part, the comments I made are through the end of the fourth quarter. So same-restaurant sales at lunch for Olive Garden were positive 3 of the last 4 quarters. They outperformed dinner, in fact, during the fourth quarter. So we haven't seen any meaningful change in how Olive Garden guests are using the brand by day part. We do think there's an opportunity to build on the strength at lunch, which is why we're introducing Panini sandwiches. And we do think that will be a positive. But we haven't seen a meaningful change, lunch versus dinner. And lunch has always been a strength for Olive Garden. In terms of the other things that you asked about, we look at guest satisfaction in restaurants weekly. We look at brand perception within casual dining monthly and how that stacks up to the other large casual dining brands. And we haven't seen any shift there either, and Olive Garden remains very strong on everything that we look at in restaurant and perceptually in terms of the broader universe. So we're pretty convinced that the opportunity for Olive Garden is to improve our execution in marketing on some of the tactics that I discussed earlier.
Andrew Madsen: Well, most broadly we think it's important for Red Lobster to offer price certainty in more of their promotions during fiscal 2012 than fiscal 2011. So that is part of our strategy. That doesn't mean we're going to run this $15 4-course seafood feast repeatedly during the year. But more of the promotions that we have are going to feature the strategy that we used in the last 8 months of fiscal 2011, where we feature price certainty at a range of prices from $11.99 to $19.99 last year, and that worked very well for us. Whether we put the $15 four-course feast on the menu is something we're evaluating. We've been testing it in market as a promotion and as an addition to the menu. We've been very careful to understand what the menu preference dynamics are with that. And we are obviously very comfortable with what we saw, which is why we advertised it. And we think it could potentially be a compelling part of the menu going forward. But that's still something we're evaluating. I would say also more broadly, the core menu has an opportunity for some innovation and reengineering as it relates to what we offer and how we price it, and that's something that the brand is working on now as well. We don't anticipate that being a major driver in fiscal 2012, but we think there's an opportunity to go beyond promotions to address affordability with the core menu in fiscal 2013.
Andrew Madsen: I think there are a number of dynamics that are impacting Olive Garden's relative competitive performance. We think the biggest one was probably self-inflicted in our promotional effectiveness. And that is why we've made the adjustments that I've already talked about, and that's the path we're on through the first half certainly. I would say that the first half of fiscal 2011, what we're wrapping on, particularly the first quarter of last year was very strong for Olive Garden. I think they exceeded the industry by about 300 basis points or so in the first quarter last year, and so we are wrapping on a competitively strong period. What was -- I forget the second part of your question.
Andrew Madsen: And I forgot, the other question you asked was about industry convergence. And while we think the biggest reason for Olive Garden's performance to be equal to or slightly below the industry over the February to May period was promotion affecting us, also when you look at the market share growth that Olive Garden has captured over the last 3 years, it's been very substantial. It's been more than 10 points on a same-restaurant sales basis and probably another 12 or 13 points on a unit basis. And it is possible there's a little bit of normalization in that as well as the industry begins to improve and as consumers gradually begin to add back some of the brands and some of the occasions they cut out a couple of years ago. But we fully expect Olive Garden to continue to outperform.
Andrew Madsen: Yes, and I would just add that the promotion you referenced at Red Lobster was designed specifically to address the heightened need for affordability among a more modest income group. But everybody loves a $15 four-course seafood feast.
Andrew Madsen: Well, we think it reflects very sustainable business momentum and improvement in the way people think about the brand and the experience they get in the restaurant. So LongHorn had a good year last year also, so they're continuing to improve. As we've talked in the past, LongHorn has always had a very strong foundation of operations excellence and deliver very well a consistently good experience inside the 4 walls of their restaurant. And over the last couple of years, what we've been able to do is broaden appeal by improving the advertising, improving promotions, refining the menu. And we've been able to increase reach by strengthening our advertising, and all those things working together are making the brand more visible and more relevant to more people. When they come in, they love the experience, and they're coming back more frequently. I forgot to mention remodel. That's also been a big part of it.
Andrew Madsen: So the -- take the food and -- I'll talk about the food and the advertising. The food, say, soffatelli, which is the puff pastry dish that we advertised in March, that was not designed to reposition the brand. That was designed to broaden the appeal of the brand. We've got a very, very broadly appealing brand today, a very strong brand. But culinary distinctiveness is one of the things our research says is an opportunity to attract some guests who don't come as frequently as they might if we had some additional culinary forward food on the menu. So it was really an attempt to continue to broaden the appeal of Olive Garden. And in advertising, we want to make sure that we communicate the crave of the dish, but we also want to make sure we're continuing to emphasize this emotional benefit of Italian generosity and sense of family and connection. And what we've found is on the product side, soffatelli went a little too far on culinary distinctiveness. And in the current environment, our advertising needs to rebalance more on the short-term product message, a little bit less on the emotional benefit sense of family that's a longer-term advantage for Olive Garden. So we've adjusted both things. More broadly appealing product and more time in the commercial spent on the consumer benefits of that as a call to action in the short term.
Andrew Madsen: Occasionally because we've still got to have exciting news, but not 2 or 3 promotions in a row like we did at the end of fiscal 2011. So not as often.
Andrew Madsen: Yes, that is about roughly a $10 million increase. As I mentioned a little bit earlier, we are seeing some good progress there, and so we're just trying to reflect that progress.
Andrew Madsen: Well, on the debt side, first, I'd like to say we always price the having an investment grade credit portfolio, so that's clearly in our plans. As you look at our specific debt metrics, where we are, we see just a very slight moderation up from where we are because we're at the low end of the ranges, particularly the adjusted-debt-to-capital and adjusted-debt-to-EBITDAR. And so the share repurchase that we've guided to this year, about $350 million to $400 million, it's really based on our strong operating cash flows that we have and not leveraging up the balance sheet at all.
Andrew Madsen: So there are -- there's 2 potential opportunities there. One is if the restaurant is so busy that the guest satisfaction isn't what it needs to be or if the menu preference is well beyond -- on the promoted item is well beyond what we expected and the financial performance isn't what we expected. And that's why we tested this promotion in restaurant for over 3 months to make sure that the range of entrées we had in the lineup and the operational procedures we had to make sure we could deliver effectively were fine-tuned to the point that we were set up for success and our restaurants were set up for success. So the guest satisfaction that we've been measuring since this program started, still very strong, although we have noticed an increase in the value ratings for the brand, which is great. And the preference for -- on this promotion's a little higher than we expected, but traffic is higher than we expected. So it's good.
Andrew Madsen: I think Clarence touched on service maybe part of the natural hedge that would occur there. So if commodity price is running higher, that probably speaks to -- supported by stronger economic growth. So I would suspect that we could do a little bit better on the same-restaurant sales side, which would be actually a slight positive to us. Or if they were to be a little bit less, probably driven more by the economy and so we would be expecting a little bit lower same-restaurant sales guest counts, but we're going to have lower cost. So the earnings piece we feel more comfortable with because of the natural hedge that's there.
C. Richmond: David, Brad here. I guess I'd just add one other point of view on that is when we look at it, it is a discount that's very similar to when we have our Endless Shrimp. But it really delivers a different experience, so we're touching a different guest to help motivate them to get into the restaurant.
C. Richmond: And, Joe, this is Brad. I would say we haven't seen any change in that amount, that it's been pretty stable. I would take you back when we talked about Olive Garden margins. Even with that, they're still continuing to build margins. These are value -- significantly value-accretive new restaurants. But yes, they are impacting same-restaurant sales performance a little bit.
C. Richmond: Well, on the food perspective, we don't have as much of that contracted. I think we're probably in the 20% range or so. But -- so it's more built on the expectation there. But also, I would look to the items that we've talked around our transformational initiatives. They continue to build a little bit of momentum as we go through the fiscal year. I mean, you can see where we ended up last year. They came from a strong point, but they continue to build some. So it's a combination of those, of the expected decline in the commodity prices or just being more, on a year-over-year basis, more consistent, hopefully some decline there and our transformational cost initiatives that help aid in the growth as well.
C. Richmond: No, I think to get a sense of the demographic profile of the guest coming in Red Lobster and how that is potentially different from the past, we'd want to get more than 4 weeks. So it's going to take a little longer for us to be able to get that. So we don't yet have a sense of whether it's attracting the people we were looking to attract differentially.
