Rick Cardenas: Yes, hey Andrew. I'm going to start with the 90% number that we gave a second ago. We have made improvements in our cost structure as Gene has mentioned and significantly improved our business model. As sales improve, remember we assume that some of these costs will come back, but not all of them. The 90% contemplates some costs returning along with continued reinvestments. And while the 90% sales level may change depending on the competitive environment and the economic backdrop, now I will say that if we get to 100% and we make some investments as we've been talking about, we could see margins improve by 100 basis points, maybe even 150, but again that depends on the economic backdrop, the competitive environment, and what do we have to do to get to that 100%. So, I wouldn't tie in the 100% to 150%, but I would at least get into the 90% based on our EBITDA, I'm sorry getting our EBITDA back based on 90% of sales.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, it is pretty close. It is not like we have a lot of new restaurants coming into play, so it is within a 100 basis points.
Rick Cardenas: Yes Andrew, on the partitions, depending on the restaurant foot layout, you're going to get six to eight more tables, and you know most of those will be four tops and the average party is 2.3. So I mean, I wouldn't say it's not de minimis, but sounds meaningful. I mean, you're getting, especially on the weekends you're getting another two seatings on those tables. So every little bit helps, because we have the demand for those tables, but it's not going to it's not going to move the top-line significantly.
Rick Cardenas: Yes David, our guidance first for sales for Q2, remember it incorporates a 100 basis point headwind for Thanksgiving. So we are running a little bit better than that quarter-to-date, but not by much. And so we do anticipate an increase of about 10% of average weekly sales from quarter one. It doesn't contemplate any significant change in capacity restrictions, other than the ones that we already know, other than the ones that have already been approved. But it also doesn't contemplate any significant change in sales due to a second wave or a vaccine approval. So that we thought 82% was fairly prudent, it's slightly low where we are running today, but it does take into effect the 100 basis point swing from Thanksgiving.
Rick Cardenas: Chris, as we mentioned, Olive Garden segment profit margin was 100 basis points better than last year? We've got a pretty good improvement in cost of sales, partly because of the question that was asked earlier about; about never any possible that actually drags a little bit margin for us. So cost of sales a little bit better. We improved our food waste significantly because of the operational changes that we've made. That said, a 22% margin on the sales levels they have. We're going to start reinvesting eventually. We've got marketing that was down about $20 million year-over-year for Olive Garden. And as capacity starts to come back online as Gene mentioned, we will look at our promotional cadence and our marketing cadence. But 22% is a pretty strong margin. So I wouldn't anticipate us significantly getting better than that, as we continue to reinvest to get back to a point of getting back over 100% of our sales. Our goal is to drive our sales profitably and we have enough room to invest to drive those sales profitably.
Rick Cardenas: It does contemplate higher off-premise missed and pre-COVID, but not significantly higher. I mean, as Gene mentioned, Cheddar’s should be higher. Olive Garden should be higher, and LongHorn should be higher. But we're not going to be at 40% or 50% of sales premise when we've got full capacity dining rooms. As you -- as we open as Gene mentioned, as you -- as we open dining rooms, we start seeing that To Go business shift back into in restaurant, but we still are right now we're still retaining 60% of our peak premise sales.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, David I might. And I've got no empirical evidence to support this. But my theory is that off -- once we open up the dining and say we get back to a normal environment, where we have concerts and revise going to football games and -- I actually think off-premise will dip down below where it was. I think there's going to be a huge surge for on-premise dining. I think people are tired of this experience. They are utilizing this experience right now. But when I talk to people, and we did some research, people want to get back out socialized. I do think, then it comes back, it comes back higher than where we were. I think our thought processes, it's a little bit higher, but not terribly higher, and it will continue to grow over time as it has been. But I don't think that this is some big change that we're going to wake up in Olive Garden and be doing 35% off-premise, if we're going to concerts and having football games.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Patrick. I'll start with -- we've shown week-to-week, we're continuing to build our average weekly sales. And as I mentioned earlier, Q2 is our lowest seasonal quarter and Q3 is our highest, so it does take a lot of increase in average weekly sales to get to the same comp level Q3 as Q2. But what we are going to do and what we continue to do is evaluate the situation. As restaurants open, as dining room capacity is open. I mean as Gene mentioned, if dining room capacity don't continue to expand, we still have some levers to pull in the off-premise side. So that's what we will do, we will continue to advertise off-premise if it's what we need to do to continue to build sales. But as long as we do that profitably, our intention is to grow our sales profitably from where we are today. And so that's what we'll do. We'll continue to focus on off-premise. Now, if dining rooms can reopen completely, we should see an increase in sales.
Rick Cardenas: Well, the biggest driver of the cost savings is waste. And that in that the touch Menu that's lacking promotional activity, there's some other things that are influencing that. I think that the challenge for the teams is if they need to add menu items, to fulfil a need, can they do that without adding complexity? I think they have to. I think, in their calculus prior to this, there wasn't enough weight put on the complexity of adding new menu items. So it wasn't enough. No one thought about that. I think today, that's part of the -- the part of the thought process is they think about adding something. How do we do this and make sure we maintain our productivity and don't increase our waste? So I think a better way to say that is, as we do menu developments, it’s going through a better filter today, that I think will have a long longer -- have a long lasting impact on our ability to maintain these cost savings.
Rick Cardenas: Yes Jeff, for the quarter, we were down somewhere around 50% in California. Now remember, they were open for a little bit of time, and then they re-shut down. But we are seeing some pretty good unit volumes in California. And I was talking to Olive Garden more than more than any other brand. But and as Gene mentioned, Yard House is significantly impacted in California. But we were down. And if you take California out of Olive Garden, it's a 200 basis point swing for the quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, I would, what I would say is, instead of getting an individual restaurants; let's talk about a couple of states. I mean, Longhorn was positive in Georgia. The entire system was positive in Georgia for the quarter. We have a lot more restaurants that are positive now than we did going earlier. The last couple of weeks, it's been even better than that. So without getting an individual restaurants, we have it all contemplated in our guidance for Q2. And so I'd rather leave it at that.
Rick Cardenas: Well Brett, you got a lot in there – in that person. You got more, I can't wait. But let's talk about hiring. Hiring is very local. There are different pockets of the country that are more stressed than others. I will make a global comment, say I've been amazed at how, how well the hospitality workforce was absorbed into other areas during COVID. And so there hasn't been like, this still, there's still stress in that environment. We're still seeing, we still expect wages to rise somewhere between 3% and 5% for the year. As far as technology, technology goes, and the adaptation is so -- is easy today, right? And then we're doing that we haven't done it. We haven't focused a lot on improving technology in restaurant all of our stuffs really been, all of our efforts been focused on the consumer right now. We do have some -- we will get back to some projects that will modernize some of our tools in restaurant that'll hopefully help increase productivity. And as far as off-premise and we're using for off-premise for us are tipped employees. For more, they've got a higher average weight, but they do collect some gratuities on their service.
Rick Cardenas: Well, I think that the markets that have had the tightest restrictions are going to have the most closures. Because I think that's where, I think of some of these urban environments that just don't have the capitalism to hang on. I don't think it changes our development philosophy at all? I mean, I think good trader has a good trade areas. I mean we -- there's a lot of talk about migration out of some of the bigger cities, we'll see how that plays out. I think that, I think eventually we're going to have some really good opportunities to do some work in Manhattan as an example, I think that, it was very difficult from a cost standpoint, pre-COVID, to justify building more restaurants there. But I think post COVID, we might have, we might have some opportunities. So I don't think from a development standpoint, it has a tremendous amount of impact. We'll continue to look. We know where we have holes in each brand, from trade areas, and we're going to try to fill them.
Rick Cardenas: Well absolutely. We got a bunch of Yard Houses tied to baseball stadiums and football stadiums, and LA LIVE is our best Yard House in the system. And that's been decimated because of what's happening with sporting events. So yes, there's a lot, there's a few of our brands that, a few of our restaurants that are tied to that, and they'll come back. I'm a big believer that, we're going get back to normal, it’s going to be great restaurants. But for the time being, we just have to run them as efficiently as we possibly can, and do the best we can with what we have.
Rick Cardenas: No. I mean, I think that's something we face, pre-COVID with how do you how do you increase your capacity at certain down times of the day? I think that's, I think that's high, higher to high activity, exercise with very low payout. I think that one of the important things about a restaurant is that downtime to help you prepare for the break between lunch and dinner is important. So you can get ready for dinner. I mean, it's there's parts of us we have cycles in our business, and they're important. I think we would, I think that we've been very disciplined has process to make sure that we're not chasing, what I would call this low return activity. And so I don't -- I don't think there's a whole lot there. I do think that what happens is as your business starts to improve, especially midweek or early week is that your, your lunch last 15 minutes longer your dinner last, 15, 20 minutes longer. That's important. Trying to drive people into your restaurant, two o'clock 30 years, I found that to be a waste of time and money and effort.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, Sarah. Broken up again, but I think I caught most of it until the end. I think you were asking about the impact for Cheddar’s and how we've improved margins that Cheddar’s versus maybe the rest? And Gene mentioned. I think that was your question. So Gene mentioned that Cheddar’s has had the biggest transformation in our business model. On an hourly labor basis that we said, we had about 350 basis points for Darden and proven an hourly labor, Cheddar’s was close to three times that. And so it was a very big improvement at Cheddar’s in their margin structure because of the simplification they did, and the work they've done. And the fact that they went from maybe less than 5% To Go sales to over 20 in a short period of time. And we think we'll continue to build that To Go volume. But Cheddar’s did make the biggest transformation in their margin structure. And we think a lot of that will stick.
Rick Cardenas: Greg. Yes, I think it overweighs to other brands. I mean, we'll -- we should still see a little bit of margin prune at Olive Garden, just because the environments very different today than it was pre-COVID. And I think a lot of brands are out there, improving their margins in some way, shape, or form with simplification. And we just want to make sure our gap to the rest of the industry doesn't grow significantly. But we do believe that Olive Garden will see a little bit of margin improvement from where they were before. We just think that the improvement will come even greater in some of our other brands, Cheddar’s and some of our other brands in the other segment.
Rick Cardenas: So I guess that would be then the industry on a year-over-year basis also for or the peers, it seems like it's a rising tide. They just haven't taken as much of a dip down.
Rick Cardenas: You know what we're comfortable to believe in somewhere between 5% and 15%. I think there's some other industry folks saying more than that, but I think 5 to 15. I think you remember once a restaurant, it’s a restaurant. A lot of these will get recapitalized in the next few years, but I definitely believe that we'll be competing against less competition on the other side of this crisis.
Rick Cardenas: Yes, on the restaurant expense line, just want to give you a couple of titbits when we talked about business interruption of $10 million. That was a proceed that we got, that hit our restaurant expense lines. We did have some rent reductions in the quarter, a cash rent reductions were bigger than the P&L impact. The P&L impact was about $3 million. We had some most of our savings are in utilities, in smallwares, and repairs and maintenance. And we would expect that as dining room start to reopen as they get busy again, we'd have R&M start to increase, as well as small wares in utilities. Those savings are maybe not as permanent, right? Because those are just because their volumes are down. And another point to mention is, we are spending money on PPE for masks, for our team gloves, chemicals, etcetera. And that's about $4 million to $5 million a quarter.
Rick Cardenas: Yes. On the comp side, we mentioned about a year ago that we were going to start providing comps only at a segment level. And this was our first quarter that was the case. And so we're going to continue with that.
Rick Cardenas: Well, I think there is there is no cap. I mean, I think that, if you reach your -- you start to reach your capacity for just count, you have pricing power, and you can you can move your AUVs that way. I think pre-COVID, we were getting close to over $5 million on average unit volumes. So I think that, we'll definitely, hopefully you can get back there and get past that. I don't -- I don't ever think of a cap for a concept. Now we know that when you start adding new units, they're not going to come on at the average. Usually we can create a strong IRR with restaurants that that come in a little bit below the below the average and but overtime, we've been able to get that average to a pretty good level at 5 million.
Gene Lee: No, we've seen no falloff with the stimulus. Actually, we're seeing average weekly sales across the system improve every single week. So, we're feeling pretty good about that. So, we’re seeing some restrictions be eased throughout the country, so really nothing from a regionality standpoint. I think you've just got to look at the mobility index and you've got to follow what's happening with restrictions, and you can see guest traffic move along with that.
Gene Lee: Let me work backwards to your question, outdoor capacity is really de minimis for us overall as the system. The good news is that we haven’t really been able to use a lot of our outdoor capacity in Florida, it has been raining every single day here for the last six weeks. So we're going to start getting that back. As we lose outdoor capacity up north, we will pick up a lot more in Florida than we've been able to use. So, for that when we think about outdoor capacity, it is really not that meaningful for us. As far as what's going to drive in the short term, some more same restaurant sales is additional capacity. We need to get California back. We need some other areas to increase their capacity from 25% to 50%. Once you get past 50% as long as the six-foot rule is in place, you still are not going to really be able to max out your dining rooms. In some areas we're getting our bar tops back which are important, gives us more capacity inside the restaurant. And so, I think it really comes down to just the incremental improvements in the capacity levels. We're going to probably continue to roll out booth partitions, we’ll probably close to double what we have right now and that gives us six to seven extra tables per restaurant in the jurisdictions that allow us to do that, and not every jurisdiction allows us to do that. I think that our teams are being very respectful of the requirements in their operating environment, and we're trying to create first and foremost a safe environment for our team members and our guests, and we're not trying to push same restaurant sales and risk that experience for our team members and guests. So, I would look at getting California back is big in Olive Garden. We've got 100 restaurants there.
Gene Lee: Well, most of the capacity restrictions are around the 50% range, 50% capacity, some are 100% but if you average out our company, when you take the six foot rule, et cetera, we're probably at the 50% capacity range even at the end of the quarter.
Gene Lee: I think our engagement with our team members goes all the way back to the beginning of COVID, I mean it actually goes beyond that, but I think how we held the situation with emergency pay and taking care and thinking of our people and staying engaged with them and paying their benefits. We invested over $100 million in that short period of time into our team members. So bringing them back to work has been fairly easy for us. And I think our team members are really engaged in what they are doing. And so, and we've got this strong culture for a long time. And our team member retention is better than ever which is really exciting to see. I mean I'm looking at retention numbers for our team members that I'd never thought I would see in this industry. I've been working in this industry for over 30 years. I've never seen retention like this which gives us the ability to execute it at the highest level. And as we bring people back to work or bring them back, our most productive and our most dedicated team members. So I think the spirit is high in our restaurant. I think people are excited to be out there, they're making money. I think they're bringing happiness to people that come into our restaurants and I think that energy is – in this very difficult time in transferring between the guest and the team member, and I'm in the restaurants every day, and I'm in one of our restaurants most every day, sometimes twice a day. I would tell you that, the attitude is just absolutely fantastic and our team members are doing a great job.
Gene Lee: Well, Brian, I think on the G&A side, we talked about the voluntary emergency, I'm sorry voluntary early retirement program, and that's going to save us $25 million to $30 million a year on a rolling basis. And we would we would expect G&A to start coming back up as we start getting travel et cetera. We didn't do a whole lot of travel in the first quarter, but most of our investments will be back in the restaurant as you think about marketing spend and labor and other things. So I would say that if you look at what we say in the 90% range, most of our investment will be back in the restaurant. Our G&A, we would hope, our G&A would be at least below 5% for the foreseeable future.
Gene Lee: I think the majority of it is geographic and I think the brand strength in Georgia has been incredibly impressive. And I think that it's just a market where there's a lot of loyalty to the brand. I think the market, Georgia, State of Georgia trusts LongHorn and I think people are going to where they're really comfortable. And so I do think that their consumer maybe a little bit better off economically. But I mean, their performance is impressive without a doubt, but it's being driven by Georgia, I mean it is being driven a lot by their footprint.
Gene Lee: Well, I think we can see that temporary barriers, I think, the team continues to look at how do you, can you move a few tables in the dining room to improve the overall capacity. So I think they continue to try to modify that. I think the thing when you think about Olive Garden is focused on the absolute volumes. You know it is $75,000 a week, these are these are healthy, healthy businesses. And the off-premise business continues to thrive, which is a place that we're going to. We start putting some marketing money back into that business. It will be focused on trying to drive off-premise not in-premise. We continue to evaluate what's the best way to go with that investment spend, when is the right time to use it? And so, the other thing I would tell you is that, it can probably be hard for you to believe, but we have one restaurant that cost us 50 basis points in comps. That's the Times Square Olive Garden and we start every single week $300,000 in the hole from a comp store basis. We are going to get 25% capacity back in Times Square on the 30th, but that's -- you wake up every day and you are $300,000 short just in that one restaurant. That's our best restaurant in the Olive Garden system. We do $50 million there, and now we're doing, $2500 a day. And so, we've got some odd ball things. Getting California back is going to be huge. California is a big market for us with high volumes. We have a higher check average and we can see because we're starting to get some counties back, and we can see the impact on that on a daily weekly basis.
Gene Lee: Okay Andrew. On the labor line, remember we've got two components of labor, one is the hourly labor, which is where we saw a lot of efficiencies, and the other one is the management labor, which is more fixed in nature. We would expect the hourly labor to not be as favorable going forward, just because of training expenses. We didn't have as much training in the first quarter, and we'll continue to, we're going to start having some training in Q2 and beyond. But as our sales pick up, our management labor should be leveraged a little bit more than it was before. So, I think there was a question earlier on whether it get to at 100%, and that 100 and 150 basis point improvement will mostly come out of labor and some cost of sales.
Gene Lee: Yes, I think on those high volume, high traffic promotions, we're going to feel, we have to feel comfortable that we got pretty much 100% capacity unless the promotion, we are speaking about promotions that drive the off-premise and drive off-promise experience. When I think about marketing, and the team thinks about marketing, I think that we want to try to get far along as we possibly can through this crisis or cycle, and then fully understand what the competitive set is going to be, what the economic backdrop is going to be, and then we'll figure out how to appropriately layer back in all our promotional, marketing and promotional activity and our incentives. We think we can layer those back in smarter and more effective than we had them in the system before, and this is a terrible thing that we're going through, but we're trying to find, okay we're trying to find the positives in this to really rethink, and rethink how we go to market with our businesses. And this is fortunately once in a lifetime option to be able to do things that we probably couldn't do, where we were pre-COVID. So you know, I think long term, we're going to look at the situation and we'll decide when we layer in our best promotional options, and we may have to re-imagine and revisit some of those promotional options to our guests so that we can maybe do it at a higher margin rate, but we have lots of questions and a lot of work to do around that.
Gene Lee: There's nothing concrete there, because each market is behaving differently. And so, when you see restrictions change, and maybe your capacity goes from 25 to 50 in certain markets that volume just switches from off-premise to on-premise, in other markets it doesn't. It depends on what's happening. We believe there's a good percentage of our off-premise today is being generated by people coming to the restaurant that can't get in, because the wait is too long, and there's no place to wait inside our restaurants. And so we think that those people have a tendency to just opt into the off-premise experience. So we really can't quantify that for you, because every market is different.
Gene Lee: I would take, I want both, I want a simple operating model, and I want higher sales, and I think that we're setting up for that, because I think there's a few dynamics that are in our favor. Number one, there's definitely been a capacity, there'll be capacity coming out of the system and we believe that we're well positioned to take share. And we think that this simplified operations will help us improve execution we will get better throughput and so we think there's a pathway to both, higher sales and better margins. I think our teams have done an incredible job of reimagining almost every aspect of their business through this. And I see a pathway to get there. I think Rick is bringing you back to the 90% only as a way to communicate where we think margins are going to be at a future sales level. We're not setting a target saying that we'd be happy with that. We see a pathway for our sales to get above that and we see a pathway for our margins to be above pre-COVID levels at that time.
Gene Lee: So, as you know so far Jeff, we have seen no change in demand based on COVID levels in a market, unless capacity restrictions change. So, if you're example we're in South Florida, when we had the spike after the 4th of July, and the restaurant restrictions were very limited, we definitely saw demand drop, but that was not because of the consumer, it was more because of the restrictions the local municipalities put on us. We see a pretty resilient consumer out there. I know that's hard for you guys in New York to imagine, but the rest of the country is not operating that way. And so, I would tell you that what we're seeing is, it's all being controlled by the local municipalities, that they're managing demand more than the consumer.
Gene Lee: Well, I think the independents obviously have a tough time right, and as we think about it we think somewhere between 5% and 15% of capacity will come out of the system during this, maybe a little bit more but a lot of people will get recapitalized quickly and get some of these boxes back open. Obviously that that's going to benefit us in the short term and in the long term. As far as real estate so far has been one of the things that, my hypothesis has been, I've been a little bit off on. We've yet to see a meaningful change and what we can acquire real estate, I thought that being one of the only bidders out there, that we would see the costs come down. I think we're still going through the price discovery process on that and we'll see how that plays out long term. I've got to believe that we will benefit from availability and hopefully price. Availability is already there. It's just trying to get through what we think the property's worth versus what the REIT or the landlord thinks the property is worth. And so that will have some impact and help us grow, get to our 2% to 3% new unit growth over time.
Gene Lee: That's a good question John. I think that, going into this that we did the majority of our pickup with someone coming into the restaurant and picking up the food. We set up our process, because we believed and we proved out that accuracy and on time were the two most important things that the off-premise consumer wanted. Through this we had to go to a different experience which was when we moved very, very quickly to curbside. And we what we've learned through this is that curbside is a better option, and that the burden of on time and accurate needs to get on us and we need to have better systems to be able to deliver the same level of accuracy that we were delivering in pre-COVID. And what that means is, in one of our restaurants we are on a path to build better capabilities to handle the in-restaurant pick up. And now, as we pivoted to curbside the capabilities that we need to build inside are different. The good news is that they're cheaper because they're really not consumer facing. And so it will cost us a little bit less to be able to create those capabilities. But technology and when the expectation of the consumer is for a curbside experience. And when the expectation of the consumer is for a curbside experience, and we've taken a lot of friction out of that experience over the last 12 weeks, and we're in the middle of really rolling out some technology today to really make that experience a whole lot better. As just about notification when you're in our parking lot, versus we had a very manual procedure that we had to implement in the beginning of this. And eventually, we'll get the geofencing, and we'll catch up to what some of the bigger retail retailers are doing. So we actually think that there's a big benefit in this consumer shift, because we're going to take all these people that were in our dining room -- in our front door, picking up food, and they'll never enter our business -- building again, which makes it a better experience for our dining guests. So that's really the big change, John that for that has to happen. And right now we have the benefit of some of our -- have any extra space inside our restaurant that enables us to stage some of this off-premise work. But as we gain more capacity, we will need to modify some spaces. And actually add some like in a long home we'll have to bump out of the side of the building to be able to handle this extra demand. But I see it as all positive. We think, we can do curbside much more cost effectively than we can do picking up the food inside the restaurant.
Gene Lee: So there's two questions in there John, and I'll get to the virtual brand in a second. The first question is, obviously the data is richer when we're capturing the data from our digital guest, which feeds into our huge database on our ability to market to them. So we can figure out to that, and through our tokens that these are, these are dying, our off-premise guests only. Then we can tell all our marketing towards that guest and towards that experience. We understand what they are buying, and what they want to buy. And so we can get smarter with that. We're pretty smart. Prior to this, we just have more information today, and we'll be able to -- our data scientists will be able to use that and market effectively. Let me just pivot to virtual brands, I'm shocked that it took this long to come up. But only give you my take my take on this. Everybody around the room is very nervous right now. But, I think people are in different places, and they're trying to approach this and deal with this moment in time differently. For us, this is not the right approach, we want to focus on brands that we've got 20 plus years and hundreds of millions of dollars invested in trying to build, and we want to make sure that they're executing at a high level. I think brands are going to matter. And I don't think you can -- I think brands are developed over a long period of time, around delivering a promise to a consistent promise to a consumer. I think you have to have a functional need and emotional need. And I think that's what I think that's what our brand builders have done for decades. And to get out on a digital platform and try to do that, I think people got to try to do what they want to do. I'm not -- I'm not saying it's a good idea or a bad idea. It's not for us. Brands are going to matter, and we think it's a distraction.
Gene Lee: I'll be very, very clear. Our guest satisfaction scores are improving dramatically. I want to -- I want to put some context around that, which is, what we don't understand is, is it just the consumer expectations are maybe different to this experience. So we're happy directionally where they're going. And we're happy directly where they're going compared to our competitors. But at the same time, we will -- we were not, patting ourselves on the back too much, because this is definitely a different environment and the consumer feedback is there is different. So we don't know what the expectations are, but we are very pleased directionally where we're heading with our own internal and in some of the industry stuff that we're seeing and how we're comparing to competitors.
Gene Lee: You guys are getting really good at getting multiple questions in one question. Let's talk about Cheddar’s first, and I'll come back to thoughts on M&A. Cheddar’s is from a business model standpoint, Cheddar’s has had the biggest transformation. The work that John Wilkerson and his team have done, it's been transformative. And I couldn't be more excited about directionally where they're heading. Tactically, one of the biggest changes, and one of the one of the things that we had to really speed up was off-premise capabilities. We had very -- we had very, limited capabilities going to COVID. We only had two phone lines going into most of our restaurants. We couldn't -- we couldn't even take the demand over the phone. We didn't have online ordering. So the team rallied and this was supposed to be an initiative that was going to go all the way through fiscal 2021, really wasn't supposed to be fully operational at 2022. They got together and they've been able to real quickly upgraded their phone lines, they have four phone lines coming in and we now have online ordering, new packaging’s being rolled out as we're speaking. And they developed a native app that actually getting some pretty good adoption. And so that piece of it is been really exciting that they've been able to move as quickly as they possibly can. Their in-restaurant dining is held strong, they still don't have a huge robust off-premise business, but we need to build that. It wasn't something that people thought of Cheddar’s for, but we think there's a big opportunity there. So, I'm thrilled directionally with what they're doing and the transformation they have made in their business model. Just briefly on M&A, there's nothing new to report here. We continue to evaluate opportunities and discuss with our board. We are very happy with our current portfolio. And we believe, that we can achieve our growth targets and our value creation metrics with the portfolio that we have. We believe there is a great opportunity for all our brands.
Gene Lee: I think that we have to go back and go back to what I’d said earlier. We have to understand what the competitive set is. We have to understand what the economic backdrop is. We'll have to analyze how well we can get to our consumer through television. We still believe that we can do that. We participate and we’re still participating in the upfront. We think it's a good mechanism for us. And that's part of our skill benefit with Olive Garden. Right? We can advertise on a national platform. And we have some -- we have some efficiencies. And I think that we will still use that in the near term. But it will all depend on what the competitive set is and the economic backdrop. If we pull enough restaurants out, we may not have to advertise for a while.
Gene Lee: Well, it's a technology that's creating it. It's no one, no one taken the answer on the phone. We're dropping, you know, the consumers letting us know whether when they're in the parking lot, and we're just dropping the bag in their car. So there's just a lot less, interaction there. Just think just, the cost is just purely productivity efficiency. Thinking about a line of five or six people at a desk, or at the bar top in a restaurant waiting to get To Go versus having someone just pull up to a car and put a bag in the trunk. That's where the efficiencies come and technology is enabling all that.
Gene Lee: Well I think that, obviously we're missing the business travel and those types of dinners. So I mean, that was a big part of capital grow, and especially in your central business districts, you're always soft, and you're suburbia restaurant, during the week and you made up for on the weekends. I think we -- just another interesting titbit is that, look at capital growth comps, you're starting every week with over a million dollar shortfall just in the three restaurants in New York. We're doing 3000 bucks a day there with our 10 seats. Those restaurants do well over a million, a million dollars a week. And so, you just get this, just so much geographical differences in those businesses. We have some capital growth that’s performing fairly well, especially in suburbia. But I'm confident as I see the sales volume on the weekends. I know we're turning away a lot of people and I know as soon as we can get a few more tables, we can continue to grow that business. And I'm confident that they're confident those businesses are going to be cash flow positive going forward.
Gene Lee: Yes, John, I think for Olive Garden because we're not doing a lot of outdoor dining. We don't have the capability there that business is a little bit easier to predict. We've been, the leadership of all of our businesses error on this side of more labor than less. And we're tracking number of servers per restaurant, per day trying to understand. As the business starts to grow, making sure that we have the appropriate staffing, where it gets more difficult as in some of the Yard Houses where we have some, a lot of outside dying, that that doesn't have any covers. And if it starts to rain, if it doesn't rain, I mean, that's where life gets a little bit more difficult for our operators. But I would say in the two big casual brands, they've gotten pretty good. And they need, what I would say a change in, in what's happening in the environment. In other words, if we go from 25% to 50%, that's going to change the flow of mix. That's going to change what's off-premise, on-premise. And it takes a few days to figure that out. But we're erring on the side. Believe it or not, I know our labor results are really strong, we're erring on the side of more labor, not less.
Gene Lee: A couple things. First, first of all, the majority of the restaurants that are positive in Georgia are Longhorn, not Olive Garden. Olive Garden performed well in Georgia, but nowhere near what Olive Garden is, I mean, what LongHorn is. And LongHorn has had a strong footprint, and we got 45 restaurants in the city of Atlanta, where every three miles, we've got a restaurant. And we've always done extremely well there and the brand is, is loved there. So the brand strength there is fantastic. That's one component. The other component is that especially when you get 15 miles outside of the city, life is pretty is normal there. It's not pretty nice, it’s normal there. And I landed Atlanta airport the other day, and not one person had a mask on. No, I was in a hotel, I stopped, I went up to a rooftop deck and it was too deep at a bar -- at the bar. I mean, so I mean, it's just a different life in Georgia. I know it's hard for you guys in New York, to even imagine that. But you still can't get around Georgia, there's so much traffic around the city of Atlanta. So in the city area, there's a little bit more, but I would tell you that, and I think if you look at other parts of the country in different states, behaviour is fairly normal.
Gene Lee: Well I think they haven’t taken much dip down. But I think LongHorn is significantly outperforming most people in that market. And they always have John, I mean, they've always -- it's always been the core of that brand. And one of the thing remember, Georgia is one of the first to open, right. So they've been dealing with reopen for a long time, a lot longer than other states. So the longer a restaurant or a market is open, the more people start getting a little feeling a little bit more comfortable.
Gene Lee: I think the answer to the second one is that we'll continue to evaluate that. But we don't see a big upside there. What was the first -- percent of menu simplification, each brand is very, very each brand is very, very different. We range somewhere between 20% reduction to 40% reduction in one brand. The easiest thing to do is to go you know, go find the menus.
Gene Lee: Thank you. That concludes our call. I'd like to remind you that we plan to release second quarter results on Friday, December 18th before the market opens with a conference call to follow. Thank you for participating in today's call.
