Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a good question. It's one that's, obviously, hard to note, so you have to operate a little bit I think, by gut and conversation with customers. But the first part of your question, yes, the energy and commodity markets generally have -- or one of the last markets to move from floor to screen, so they're slightly less mature as an electronically traded and globally distributed asset class. But I think the real underlying issue, and it's the issue that I think you're probably aware that we're interested in with respect to acquiring NYSE Euronext at this moment in time, is that many financial products are highly correlated to the interest rate environment, and we have a western 0 interest rate environment. And secondly, I do think that there's been a loss of confidence in the equity markets coming out of say, 2007, 2008 downturns that need -- and that confidence needs to be restored. So I hope that as markets become, let's call it, more normalized in terms of rates and confidence, that we will be in a good position to help price growth. And I think we've been very public that we want to do everything we can to help bring back confidence in markets where we can.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: I think it's interesting, because I think, it is probably the least mature of all those markets that we've talked about. In the sense that credit is a very, very large market, but people tend to trade credit by trading the underlying product, i.e., corporate and sovereign bonds. And it's very hard to trade those products, because there really isn't a well-established derivative market that surrounds them, like you would see in most other asset classes. And it is the development of that derivative market that has us so intrigued, and it's the reason that we decided to move into that space. And it's the reason we've been working with a very broad group of people in the industry to try to develop a new credit futures product that we intend to launch shortly.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Rich, I actually, if you look last year, we averaged around $36 million to $37 million a quarter in market data fees, and we jumped to $41 million this quarter. And I think it is largely attributable to the 2 IMs you mentioned. One of the things that I've always found encouraging about our data business is whether we're making price adjustments, which we've done on a periodic basis, or taking some of the other actions, we don't tend to see attrition. And even more importantly, we continue to see upticks in the number of people who are interested in the data. So again, maybe we can walk through the math to see where you might have been off a little bit. But a $4 million uptick from our average quarter last year, we were pretty pleased with. And I think if you look across the balance of the year, we think it's fixed.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Rich, I think, we learned a couple of things. The first phase of the mandatory clearing kicked in on March 11. And from March 11 to the end of the month, we cleared over $300 billion in just that short span and earned over $1 million of revenue for doing it. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, since that mandatory clearing, we've cleared 15x more than the net closest competitor. So I think we learned that we are the preferred CDS clearing now. I think we confirmed that as the mandatory clearing kicks in, that we are going to see the buy side move in. And I think we confirmed that there are good economics that dropped to our bottom line from doing that. I think the next catalyst is the June mandatory clearing. And then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think we have additional catalyst as we work with the SEC to get the full benefits of portfolio margining, which I think will encourage the buy side to bring in our single names in addition to the mandatory index clearing, and then as we refine our offerings in Europe to bring clients on board there as well. So as I look into the next 8 or 9 months, and frankly, into 2014, I think there's a lot of opportunity in CDS clearing, and I think it's going to materially impact our bottom line. I'm also excited about the CDS Index Futures product that we've talked about. As I mentioned, there's not really a standard, easy, efficient way for people to go, and Jeff just mentioned this in one of his answers, to trade credit. And we think this Index Future's similar to equity index future product that existed for a long time. Our product that will encourage people to take position on the relative credit worthiness of companies and industries, will start with the investment-grade in the high-yield indexes, but I think there's a lot of opportunity down the road beyond just those products. So I think in the first phase, it's about the clearing. But I think longer term, credit will be a tradable market, and we think there are additional products that we can create with our customers that will enable that trading.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Niamh, we have not actually seen it impact our business. But I will tell you it's a source of active conversation by those people that are engaged in the regulatory process. We have seen our attention turned towards eliminating arbitrage internationally and the specific differences in some of the rulemakings, particularly as it relates to Dodd-Frank versus EMIR. The -- where it impacts the futures market is most likely through the futures commission merchants. And there, the way they will have to organize to allow international business at international exchanges to be organized. And that particular group right now is drinking from a fire hose on other issues. And so we have -- there are some FCMs that are engaged in looking globally. But right now, people are just rushing to complete with the deadlines that Rich Repetto just mentioned and other more immediate issues. So as I said in my prepared remarks, I do think attention is going to turn some time later this year towards harmonization of rules, because there will be a complicated infrastructure required to meet all the very specific needs globally. But today, we haven't seen it impact volumes.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: So we're -- thank you for that question because we're a big proponent of doing exactly that. We think we're well positioned and we have a unique trading platform that bridges the GAAP from OTC to Futures, so we understand those markets quite well. This is all being driven by again, attention on -- by regulators on where they're focused right now, particularly in the U.S., to finish up Dodd-Frank. It's hard to know where on the priority list attention to brought trade limits dip. It is something being discussed, but whether it rises to a new rulemaking or administrative positioning sooner rather than later is hard to know. And we're in a fortunate position that we have very good clearing infrastructure and the ability to handle blocks and we have relationships with the OTC market, both principles and brokers that allow blocks, but we're very well positioned with the Central Limit Order Book, and actually think that, that would lead to higher velocities of trading -- broadening of the market if we can get it to move there.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, we offer both right now. So the market on ICE is determining where to decide. But my point to you is that regulators are looking at fine-tuning the balance between the 2 with the idea of driving more to Central Limit Order Book trading and screen trading because that's frankly, a higher level of regulation that's easier to administer regulatory oversight, and fair and transparent. So -- but whether they start to tweak those rules in the near term or not, it's hard for us to know.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, very hard to predict the future, as you know, but we can look at the near-term path. And what we're seeing is that January and February, in the U.S. natural gas markets, which is a big part of our business, was, let's say, relatively soft, although it was being compared to very, very big January and February in 2012. That's comparables. But we've really seen an acceleration of trading in March and April. So knock on wood, it looks like things are going well in those markets. We've seen a lot of velocity increase in the shorter end of the curve, which is, as you probably know, the area that futures exchanges tend to derive most of their trading activity, and so that's been helpful as well. We do think that Europe is looking for a single set of benchmarks, which is really the -- what we're going to try to do in our acquisition of ICE Endex with the TTF contract, which I mentioned in prepared remarks was a Dutch contract. And we hope that, that will become the marker for the continent. We already traded the U.K. natural gas contract, and we're seeing the markets really think about a globalization of natural gas price that's being done through the small amount of liquefied natural gas that is moving around the world now. But increasingly, the U.S. is such an outlier relative to the rest of the world with low-cost natural gas that the market will find a way to take advantage of that, either by moving natural gas through liquefaction or by moving industrial processes to the U.S. to take advantage of these low prices, but thereby, arbitraging by moving jobs and industry. One way or another, we think that traders will be trading the complex with those facts in mind, and so we're pretty locking on 2-year long-term bullish on the natural gas markets because of those macro trends.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Our company follows, really, our customers and what you see in the energy markets is you have a lot of very large global energy companies and merchant infrastructure providers and financing that is done globally. And so increasingly, those groups are managing a portfolio, and with regulatory reform, are being forced to look at the whole and figure out how they organize and manage global risk and then compartmentalize it for local regulations. And so having a provider like ICE that is also building out solutions for that problem set, we think it's been very, very helpful. It allows some of our larger customers to just standardize around us. As an anecdote, I had a senior executive at a very large firm said to me that with all the change going on right now for the regulatory and international change going on, that they just don't have the internal bandwidth to be able to deal with lots of disparate systems. And so they're having to pick vendors and partners that can provide as many connections as possible so that they can focus on reorganizing themselves, while all this change is going on. It makes it hard for us endorse people with new platforms and systems right now because they just can't get the attention of the larger firms because they just don't have the ability to deal with them. And you do see companies like ICE really having, I think, an advantage in terms of being at the table to have those conversations with our customers.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. And just to clarify, I think you asked if it was $4 million to $5 million a quarter. That's probably a little bit above what I'm counting on right now. As I said in the call, the month of March, we saw about $1 million, as you get to wave 2 in June, that may tick up. So in the second quarter, maybe it's a little lower than that range as we get into the back half of the year, I think it starts to move towards the range you talked about. I think, Alex, specific to what we're seeing with customers signing up, I do think that there still are a number of clients who are trading the CDS markets that do have CDS positions that will need to be cleared. I expect the next phase to be measured in hundreds of clients. We've seen a number of them already get hooked up, and I suspect, as is typically the case, as we get closer to that June date, I think it's June 10 is the official date. I would suspect we'll see a mad rush for the customers that haven't signed up yet to get hooked up to clear. So again, I think your range may be a little bit optimistic in the second quarter, but as we move into the back half and get past that second wave, I don't think it's unrealistic.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, it's a good question. You're correct in that we're having a lot of one-on-one conversations with the individual clearing firms and other major market participants in connection with the transition of the Liffe business. That is going very well. We're in the phase of having people work on novation agreements with us to actually contractually novate the positions over. That process is going well, and there is -- I think you may have heard us say before, but almost a sense of relief by the clearing community that they will be going into a known clearing house with a known rulebook and a known risks system, and so to a certain degree, that transition is relatively easy for them. In that regard, people are talking to us about what it means now to have another large clearing multi-asset class clearing infrastructure in London, how we might deploy that both through the U.K. and in the Continental Europe and then how we will further deploy that clearing house around the world. And so I don't have anything to announce, but you're correct in the opportunity to engage that community right now is very, very helpful to us in figuring out long-term clearing plans.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Well, it's a very interesting time because there's a lot of change going on. And there, on the one hand, there is some rotation of business away from the typical Wall Street banks, as they have been resizing their businesses and re-looking at their proprietary trading. So there are traders and managers that have rotated out of that infrastructure, but we see them rotating -- successful people are rotating into other players or re-establishing themselves somehow, and so that we saw that -- we've seen that trend a number of times in the history of our company, most similarly after the Enron collapse when there was a wholesale change in the way the market did business. So you have that rotation going on, which tends to complicate the ability to predict volume. But at the same time, by organizing ourselves as regulated futures contracts, while they distributed on an electronic platform globally, we've increased the reach of many of our products, and we've been able to address a client base that either by their own charter did not trade in the OTC market or were not able to trade in our OTC markets because we had a requirement when we were OTC that we do not deal with -- that we deal with principals only and no brokers, and that you have to have $100 million in assets to access our platforms. So we have this kind of odd thing going on, but on the one hand, there's some downsizing on Wall Street, but there's a broader distribution and an increased addressable market due to the fact that we're trading regulated futures.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It seems to us, the biggest neck of the funnel is just people trying to understand their rules and obligations and the extreme pressure that many of the clearing firms are being put under to both onboard these new customers, and at the same time, comply with rules on customer segregation on how much capital is going to be held, and those things firms are forward-looking at, whether they have to position themselves globally and what are the different rules there and how are they treating these new customers. And there's just a lot of conversation going on, and a lot of sort of deer in the headlights activity on behalf of many of the end users. Those end users are slightly more sophisticated that have been paying attention or that we've been able to outreach or the other exchanges or the clearers are getting up to speed. But there's a big group of people that really don't fully understand what these deadlines mean.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Let me take the first part of the question. I honestly think that at the end of the day, most people respond to deadlines, and the phenomenon of getting ready for a deadline is nothing unique. Every time we've ever launched a new product or a new service or a transition or made a major change and put a deadline out there, we know that the industry largely waits until the end and moves to comply broadly. So I don't think there's anything particularly negative about that. I think if the deadline were moved that people would just wait for the new deadline. So at some point, you've got to draw a line in the sand, and we're just at that crunch time right now. So I'm not concerned about it because I think it is the way human nature works.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's too early, and we don't have the metrics to actually look at it that way. But we know from past experience that when people rotate out of jobs, oftentimes, they start their own funds or they day trade from home or what have you, and we can now, in the future space, allow individual investors to have access that we couldn't before. So as people are leaving one job and looking for other, they can actually come in and trade in the interim. So it helps facilitate this rotation that's going on. We know that there's more demand for screens and user IDs and passwords so that the overall trend around the business continues to increase.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure, well, I mean, Brent continues to sort of strength -- get strength. We have a couple of trends that are quite favorable towards Brent. One is that we continue to build out a Brent options market, where there was none a few years ago. Now there's an active Brent options market and options, as an asset class, broadly continues to grow. So people that trade Brent tend to hedge, and people that, excuse me, trade Brent options tend to hedge so it drives underlying volume, and obviously, the option expires under the underline, so some people take expiration, all of which helps the Brent complex. We can give you C-people indexing towards Brent, as you know. And then lastly, as the Brent and WTI spreads come back into what's called more normal conditions as these pipelines and others will lead the issues around Cushing, Oklahoma, people can now go back to trade the Brent WTI spread again, which was a trade that was broken by the dislocation between the 2, but now, they come back in. That is a way that people manage risk, geographic risk, and so as that spread becomes more predictable, I would expect we're going to see more trade there, which obviously, we have the Brent leg and a WTI leg in those.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: So we have had informal dialogue with the European commission, the DG comp antitrust regulators. They're going on for some time so that we have a very good view on the areas that they have interest in and can target those when we do turn in the official form. So we have not been sitting on our hands with the European regulator. We're very pleased and thankful that the individual countries agreed to turn the matter over to the Brussels regulators so that -- who have obviously deep knowledge of NYSE Euronext from their past work on the prior deal. You're right in thinking about how we're looking at it. The reason we say it'll close in the back half of the year is we have not started the official process with the antitrust regulator in Europe. And as soon as we turn in that application, it starts this clock and it's conceivable, I guess, that we could get a 25-day review and it's conceivable that they may want to take a look at certain areas and go into the 90-day or longer review. So helping to narrow the differences right now is something that we're doing in the background in the hope that we can provide an opportunity for the regulators to have a relatively clean and easy approval process.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, thanks, all, for joining us today. We look forward to hearing from you throughout the quarter, as you know, and we'll continue to update you on our progress. I want to wish everybody a happy May day, and thank you for joining us today.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I think it's upward swing -- it's a modest upward swing from where we are. But we are going to continue to invest in some small amount of hiring as we go through the course of the year, particularly around our clearing initiatives and our technology initiatives. In addition to that, with all the regulatory churn that continues to go on. I was very pleased with our professional services spending in the first quarter. But I suspect that will be under pressure as we continue to work very closely with a number of law firms on the many regulatory initiatives that are out there. I would expect, however, if you look over the course of the quarters, we were on an adjusted basis of about $1.31 this quarter. I'll expect this to be around $1.35 give or take, over each quarter for the next few quarters. With some of the uptick coming from those items that I just talked about. In addition to that, we talked about closing the index transaction. I suspect that'll add $2 million to $3 million of expense a quarter over the next few quarters. But thankfully, that will be more than offset by the revenues that we'll get from that deal.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, and that's just -- the revenues in that business with relatively fixed cost. Cost haven't increased in that business in 3 years, but, rather, news were a little softer in the first quarter than they have in the last couple of quarters, and that caused the profit overall to be down in the quarter, and therefore, the share of that profit that goes out the door is down as well. It's nothing more than that.
Scott A. Hill: But I think the other thing that we know specifically, open interest, you take power out because that's a bit of noise right now. But from the end of the year, our energy open interest is up 12%, excluding power, on a year-over-year basis. Our oil open interest is up 47%. If you look at gas, it's down a little bit year-over-year in the first quarter, but if you look over the last 2 years or go back to first quarter of '11 compared to where we are today, it's up almost 70%. So it's pretty clear that there are a lot of people that are participating in this market and there's a lot of open interest. So that's why as we see volatility, as we did in April, volumes go up. We're looking, right now, at early -- the accountants having to start to close the books yet, but it looks like April is going to be the best revenue months we've ever had.
Richard H. Repetto: This isn't a question. But math on your expenses, Scott. If I did it really quickly still puts you up, I think, below the low end or at the very low end. But let me ask...
Richard H. Repetto: Okay, all right. Anyway, so my question is -- first one is on market data. We know you put a screen -- a price increase, and it was also -- this elimination of the trade or pay. And we had sort of estimated a much bigger increase. I was just trying to see whether there's attrition in this trade or pay price increase on the screens and the market data.
Richard H. Repetto: Got it. That's helpful. And then my follow up would be, you spend a lot of time and talked about the credit, still, opportunity. I guess, my question is what have we -- with the mandatory clearing, at least Phase 1 in March, what have we learned from what's gone on so far? And then, of all the things, there's been some regulatory uncertainty. We know Phase 2 is coming. And we know your futures product is -- which do you think is a -- what have we learned -- what's the catalyst to get a little uptick here.
