Scott A. Hill: Yes. I mean, Rich, you touched on a number of important factors. How and when the buybacks flow will depend on market conditions. It depends on timing of our cash flow. It depends on where our leverage levels are. But our expectation, the reason we showed you the chart, is that over the -- between now and the end of 2015, we think it's likely that we will buy back the $700 million. We will continue to pay the dividend. And as I step back and think about a payout of $1.7 billion, which is what that total would be over the course of '14 and '15, or even the $1.15 billion that will be paid out over the next 17 months, I'll let you guys figure out what your 2015 estimate is. But you're going to calculate that out to somewhere around 60% to 70% payout. I think that's very strong. I think we've been very consistent in saying that we are going to leave some capital so that we can continue to invest in the business, so that we can remain flexible to expand through strategic M&A, where the return on investment is appropriate. So it's not ever been our intent to calculate how much cash we'll generate and to pay 100% of that out. In fact, I think that leaves you in a position that when the right opportunity does come along, you've got to use an expensive currency like stock to go make a deal as opposed to having the cash and the debt capacity to do it.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, it's a good question. A couple of thoughts. So first of all, I think you got to remember that we do have a pay-for-performance culture. And as you've seen over the past couple of years, to the extent our results come in below where our expectations are, we've adjusted our compensation accordingly. I think if you look at the trend through the first 6 months, we're a little bit behind where we'd need to be to get to those objectives. As we monitor the second half of the year, if that doesn't start to recover, you'll likely see, just as you have the past couple of years, an adjustment on that level. And as you've seen in the past, that's not an unmeaningful adjustment. And again, I think it aligns our team and our shareholders because the pay is aligned with performance. And the second related thought is, and we said this a couple of different ways in the prepared remarks, is we do think this is a cyclical issue and not a structural one. And so what we don't want to do is overreact and start to cut off investments in things like ICE Benchmark or Singapore or Cetip, where we believe those are the future additional growth drivers that we're going to see. That notwithstanding, if the volumes remain soft for an extended period, we can look at dialing back a little bit on some of those investments. And then at the end of the day, if it does become more sustained, I look at it as we have a $1.5 billion expense base in over 3,000 resources, there's absolutely opportunity to get more efficient in that environment.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, that's the conversation that Jeff and I have and have had with our board and will continue to have to really look at -- I think embedded in your question is what's the optimal way to return cash to shareholders. As I've said a number of times, I think the great thing about the cash-generative ability of this business is we can return meaningful capital to shareholders and invest in the business and continue to do strategic M&A, so we don't have to pick one or the other. As we think about the capital return to shareholders, the mix of dividend versus share buyback really is going to depend on market conditions, on tax policy, on a number of factors. As we sit here today, I wouldn't expect a big change in the balance. The focus is, as is indicated on the chart, is on share buyback. But I wouldn't predict in '16, '17, '18, as you get out in time, I don't know what's going to be optimal at those periods, but we are committed to a meaningful share -- capital return to our shareholders.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I'll touch on the first part, Neve. So as I kind of mentioned entering the year, we were very encouraged by what we saw in our January CDS clearing results because we were seeing meaningful uptake from the buy side. We were actually even seeing meaningful uptake from some European customers in those results, and that trend's really continued. Second quarter dialed back a little bit from the first quarter, but as you know, there is an index roll in March, so the first quarter tends to be above the second quarter anyway. But as I look at where we are for the first half, we're trending right towards where I thought we'd be, which is probably around $90 million of revenue or so this year. That's 15% more than what we had last year, and that was 30% more than we had the year before that. So I think the trend is right. And I think you touched on an important point, which is we still don't have a mandate for European buy-side clearing. There's still a number of products. I talked about some of the products that we rolled out on sov, which adds to Turkey, and a number of others that we've done. So there's still a meaningful opportunity for more products. The European client isn't even mandated yet, and we continue to see growing interest from clients here in the U.S. So I'm not going to give you a number other than to say it was $60 million, then it was $80 million, and now it's on its way to $90 million, and I think the trend is up.
Scott A. Hill: And just, I mean, 2 metrics you guys may be interested in. The payout ratios in our industry average around 60% to 70%. And again, you do the math. I think that's what you're going to see we're talking about. In the S&P 500, something closer to 30%. So it's not an unmeaningful payout ratio that we're talking about.
Scott A. Hill: And I mean, to a large extent, we're setting up, too. The earlier question asked about the new products we launched, we're launching new products. We're building out clearing capabilities. We're building out our rates franchise generally. So while we can't necessarily do anything to make rates move right now, we're definitely not waiting or sitting on our hands. We're investing to build out the franchise so that when all the things Jeff just talked about start to flow through, we're well positioned with a very comprehensive rates offering.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I mean, because I always hesitate to guide to a margin in any particular quarter. What we've said is we kind of expect it to be 48%, 49%. We're tracking that through the half. I don't think that's an unrealistic expectation as you look at the year. I think as you think about modeling, the important is -- again, if we don't see the business start to recover a little bit, there will be an adjustment in compensation. I can't call that right now or I would have booked it in the second quarter. But it's clearly something that would be a reduction to that expense forecast. I'll note, though, that we would then restore that in 2015, so it's not a synergy because our expectation as we enter every year is we're going to meet our objectives and pay 100% of our bonus out. But as you're modeling second half, again, I think we've given you some pretty clear guidance on what we think the quarters are going to be. It doesn't include any adjustment in the bonus, but again, if the business doesn't start to recover, the pay-for-performance nature of our compensation will mean that you'll see comp come down.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, and I think, I mean, just numbers-wise, again, July volumes were up 26% year-to-year, and for Brent, open interest is at record levels. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that translated to very strong energy revenue. So even despite a specific volatility change, I would suggest there's been a very evident interest change with the events that have occurred recently.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I don't think we're really in a different place than we've talked about before. I think, as we enter into the first quarter, as we showed on the chart, I think we're on pace for $350 million of the original $500 million. I still think it's 90% as we exit '15, and so that will be reflected in the first quarter 2016 run rate. I think if you think about the $50 million additional synergies, my current expectation is you'll probably see us realize 30% to 40% of that as we go through 2015, with the remainder during 2016. So I don't -- the percentages don't move materially in terms of rate and pace, but again, I think we're well on track by the time we get to the end of 2016 to have removed the $550 million, which, as I noted, is well over 40% of the original NYSE Liffe expense base.
Scott A. Hill: We don't -- we haven't disclosed those amounts, Akhil, so unfortunately, I can't provide that. I will tell you that with regards to the NYSE Technologies sale, that's an additional source of cash that we'll be putting to good use, either through capital returns or investments in our business. But we haven't disclosed those amounts publicly.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, I wish I had that crystal ball. It's very, very clear that the short-term interest rates are highly driven by central bank policy and that you've seen the U.S. central bank policy moving U.S. short-term rates. We've seen now the U.K. central bank moving U.K. short-term rates and our respective volume in trading. And I agree very much that our euro-denominated interest rate complex is highly sensitive to what the ECB will do with short-term rates, which is lagging those other 2 central banks. That being said, we saw the opportunity to acquire a fabulous rates franchise, one of the best in the world, at what we think are historic lows in volumes and hopefully, ride that trend back up to the benefit of our shareholders and our customers. And we are going to use that footprint there to expand what we do in the financial markets, so we do not intend to be wholly dependent on European central bank policy as we build out our franchise.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, that's quite a good question. Thank you. I think, first of all, obviously, the United States has a huge opportunity to become more energy independent in terms of its supply resources. But becoming energy independent does not mean that we become disconnected from the world's pricing of energy. What we're seeing, for example, is a big influx of natural gas-sensitive businesses into the U.S., particularly petrochemical businesses in the Gulf states, refining of oil in the Gulf states, whose goals and objectives will include export of their finished products out of the United States into a world market. Those exports and participation in global markets for LNG and refined oil products will ultimately drive the value of the raw material back home here. You're correct in that shale oil is not a particularly -- is not particularly well correlated to WTI. WTI is a pipeline-borne oil. And the shale oil, because of the transportation infrastructure, is moving by truck and other means and is making its way into the Gulf. And oddly, it's probably more highly correlated with Brent, which is a seaborne crude that happens to also come into the Gulf. As a result of that, I would expect that the market is either going to want to develop a Gulf Coast crude marker, or it's going to -- or that the WTI marker itself will be modified to include other grades of oil to make it more correlated to where oil may come in the future in the United States. Or we may continue to see it trade as -- shale oil trade as a differential to some combination thereof. But that oil complex is so highly correlated and related. Both the WTI and Brent benchmarks are very important, and that's why we want to trade both. And I think all of this movement will only be more positive for our volumes because it's massively expanding, it appears, the footprint of energy-dependent users that are going to want to hedge these global prices. We see that showing up in the requests for user IDs and passwords and the increased demand for the data that we sell around these markets.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, you should know that the plan that we alluded to in our prepared remarks to integrate Liffe means that we intend to move all of the Liffe -- remaining Liffe European products onto a new matching engine and into a whole new installation that we've built using legacy ICE systems in Europe. And we've launched these new products on the old Liffe matching engine. And we have been telling our customers that that old system is going to be abandoned, and we have been working with that customer base to connect to the new system and to -- and they are actively doing testing right now and getting ready for a new launch. So to a certain degree, we launched those products because we wanted to be in the market, but they are severely handicapped by the way we've done it. And we would expect, really, our push into these markets to be contemporaneous with being on a more widely distributed and faster and more reliable platform that we have in the ICE matching engine.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: And Neve, this is Jeff. With respect to the futures product, I think you are aware that we tried and failed to launch a futures product, and so we've gone back to the drawing board to figure out why we failed and what we can do to make a relaunch more successful. And it's really two things. One, we're redesigning the product, and that's largely complete. We've had huge amounts of customer consultation to get input into exactly what the market thinks would work. And secondly, we're really waiting for the timing, and it was somewhat implicit in your question, which is we're looking to launch a true futures contract, in other words, a 2-way bid/offer, continuously traded, completely transparent, highly liquid contract. This is not a swap future. We already have a dominant position in the swaps market, as you know. So the question is will the market want to transition fully to a completely transparent liquid, 2-way bid/offer market. And we believe the market wants to do that. People are interested in that. And the question is what is the timing, and it will largely be driven by the need to get -- to move forward due to regulation and Basel rules kicking in. That all being said, we think that, that launch is probably this year still and that the market will support a launch later this year as people are starting to think about 2015 and 2016 organization of their trading activities.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: I think the way we approach M&A is we always look at will it meet our return on invested capital thresholds. And actually, that's historically how we looked at buying shares of ICE, and we loved having the opportunity in the past to buy on dips. So I think to the extent we have excess cash here, we'll be thinking what is the best and highest use for shareholder value and where can we deploy that, either through our own share buybacks or possibly some other person's share acquisitions. But the point there being that we will deploy that capital for high shareholder returns. I don't think we're going to be hoarding it, if you will.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Look, there's no question that there's -- particularly, starting with commodities, where you targeted your question, there's definitely a change going on as assets are coming out of banks and people are coming out of banks. And we see those assets going to sort of a more highly identified new class of holder, which are these merchant energy companies. These companies have been customers of ours for a long time. We know their senior managements very well, have ongoing dialogue with them, but many of them are really now emerging as very large, significant players in the global commodity arena. And they are putting assets together. They are active hedgers. And what we've seen is open interest going up, and as soon as there's any hint of volatility in the market, there's just an amazing explosion of volumes. I mean, the kind of volatility that has driven our record Brent volumes, for example, has not been particularly huge. I mean, if you really look at the price of Brent, it's actually pretty amazing how with all the global conflict going on and given where the conflict is going on, that Brent's absolute price remains in a range that is reasonable to most of us as consumers. So it doesn't take a lot of volatility to really spike volumes for us, and that's because these assets and traders are sitting, waiting for volatility. We have also seen this trend where traders in Europe, for example, who are professional traders and are not seeing as much volatility in Europe, are coming cross-border, and they're looking for volatility. So we see people moving from their traditional asset class into other asset classes as they seek volatility to trade. And I see that trend in our own markets. I can see it in subcontext in some of our competitors' numbers as well. But again, that says that these people are there. They're ready. They're poised for when their traditional markets come back. They're not leaving the market. That's why we keep getting this sense that this is -- while there are some structural changes that are going on in terms of volume capability of the market to use risk management services that we provide, it's sitting there, ready to go. And that's why we continue to build out a product suite for those people.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a good question because when we talk to people in the markets, there is a sense of forbidding that it feels like something is going to happen, but no one can tell what. And I think broadly, as you read articles about the markets, that you see a lot more bearish sentiment coming in and people talking about -- that there are unintended consequences of global economic and central bank policy that are yet to be discovered. And when we talk to people, that's kind of the sense and a lot of traders trying to come to understanding of what -- where the next risk management issue may arise and positioning themselves for that, which is why I think open interest is going up. I mean, there is positioning going on that is anticipatory of some kind of change. It's not anticipation of flat-line central bank policy into the foreseeable future. It's setting up for an unintended consequence of that policy.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, it's a good question. So we've been making significant progress on those businesses. We like those businesses because we're really starting -- we're starting with a nucleus that we think we can grow and build as opposed to acquiring mature benchmarks, which are trading at very, very significant valuations right now. What we've done so far is we started by moving LIBOR into our own auspices, and then just recently, we have now launched technology that will allow data gathering to come in and be more automated and auditable. We are still gathering the kind of data to create LIBOR that people have criticized. And the next step is to expand the way LIBOR is calculated to include more transactional data, correlated transactional data. And there is a process going on right now with an advisory group that is very, very broad and industry representative of what the next changes will be. But we needed to get the product moved over to ICE and then get the infrastructure in place, which it now is. So I think you will start to see the true evolution of LIBOR along the vein that the market is calling for. ISDAFIX has now moved over to us again. It's early days. We're just getting started. We intend, again, to gather transactional data to improve ISDAFIX. That means that we're going to be receiving data from a number of the MTF facilities there. We're working to automate the trade capture of that and analytics around that, that we'll use to publish ISDAFIX. With respect to the monetization of those things, we began a licensing program that we've rolled out. It's caught some people by surprise. It's interesting. There has been a lot of criticism by people that they wanted LIBOR to be better, but then when they're asked to pay for it, they're surprised. It shouldn't be a surprise. These are relatively modest licensing fees for major users of LIBOR. We've started that licensing program right now. We continue to take input from people. We're fine-tuning it. We're finding -- it's amazing how broad the use of LIBOR is in the world, so we're getting a lot of feedback from different kinds of users on how they use LIBOR, and that's informing our licensing practices, which we continue to evolve. So you'll see that. It's going to take multiple years for all that, I think, to roll out and start to bed itself, but that process has been started by us.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's great. I've been there a number of times myself to talk to customers, and we have people on the ground that are working every day in that regard. There's actually a lot of excitement around this launch, and I mean that genuinely. There are some very, very interesting risk management opportunities in Asia. There are geographical issues and tax issues and political issues that really drive the way those businesses work throughout the Asia region that certain types of contract designs may be able to solve and therefore, provide meaningful volume to us and meaningful risk management tools to the market. So there's a lot of input going in right now on opportunities, things that we have never thought of ourselves, never dreamed of but that our customers are bringing to us as tools that they would love for us to offer. We've got a very good team there. Now we've been building it out. We're putting our own people in place, working very, very closely with the regulator, going through with the regulator a litany of product offerings that we intend to launch and setting the stage for the regulatory approval of those things. So we'll have more to say about it as we move through the year, but progress is going well, and we're really, really fortunate to have that infrastructure there under our banner.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, thanks for the question. First of all, whatever process the Board of Directors went through to sell that asset, we were not a part of it, so I really have not looked at that business particularly closely. We were not afforded the opportunity. But that being said, we've paid a lot of attention to comments that have come out around that acquisition and are confused, I would say, at best. We're hearing and have been told directly that the company is going to run as an independent autonomous unit, and that message -- and those drums seem to be being beat, but then -- and that is the message that's being delivered to us and other users of the platform. But then separately, shareholders are being told that it's highly strategic, that it's going to provide a lot of information and somehow inform how new futures contracts and clearing will be done by its owner. And those 2 things are in direct conflict. And so until we see what remedies are going to be put into place and how that business intends to be managed, it's very, very hard to answer your question.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, we don't have anything to announce today, but I will tell you that we want to have a rates franchise, and we're looking at where are there parts of the market where we can do something that's incredibly innovative. We're not a company that just says, "I'm going to launch another guy's product and pay for order flow." That's just not something that we've ever viewed as a market model. We like to figure out if there's something unique and novel that we can do that will really bring benefit to our customers. So we're having lots of conversations. I think, as was mentioned earlier in the call, the movement of the swaps business into clearing is taking probably longer than many have thought it would in terms of the regulatory mandates on how this is going to work right now. There is a large dialogue going on between global regulators about how global regulation of the swaps market is really intended to work and how information and oversight is going to be shared. And until there's a little more clarity as to how that's actually going to unfold, particularly between the U.S. and Europe, it's very, very hard to really get your arms around what a good OTC clearing franchise might even look like. We do think that those issues are on the table, they are under active conversation and that we'll have more visibility, I think, hopefully, by the end of this year.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's hard to know. I think the market is becoming, unfortunately, used to political unrest, particularly in the Middle East, and has never fully embraced, for example, a Urals or Russian marker as a way of calculating oil. The Russian oil production, just taken on its own, could be a global marker, but the market has never fully embraced that as a marker because of the geopolitical activity and has urged us to continue to develop the way the oil infrastructure is reported and risk-managed through other venues. And I see that kind of playing out right now. There's no question that the back end of the curve, if you look at price adjustments in oil, I think the back end of the curve is up something like 13% or double-digit, low double-digit percent. And so the market is sending some longer-term price signals that they do think that there will be supply impact as a result of what's going on here.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: And I think another way to think about it from an operational standpoint, which is how we run the business, is our next big move is to transition the European Liffe products onto the ICE platform. We're waiting until after the summer European holidays to begin that process, as soon as people get back in September. Work begins in earnest moving into October, November. Once we've moved those products over, we no longer need that platform and all of the support that goes around it. There will be people exiting. We also are selling off a number of technology businesses. Once those leave, their support people and others that have been left behind will be exiting. And so we're going to be going through a process as we reorganize these businesses, and it just sort of looks and feels like the end of the year, when a lot of that change will really kick in for us.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, it's interesting. They're a part of our market, and they continue to be active in terms of gathering data and logging in and what have you and open interest levels. But the reality is that these are people that are -- the commercial guys are taking longer-term views on what's going to happen. They're not actively trading necessarily every day. So we do see them sort of setting up for some future event, which means buy open interest, longer-date it, and sit and wait for events. Shorter-term traders, liquidity providers and others that trade pure volatility as a result don't have as much to work against under that scenario. So that's why you see certain depressed volume, particularly in front-dated products.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, it's interesting. One thing that may or may not be known is that when the EMIR legislation was passed, which was basically the Europeans' equivalent to Dodd-Frank, gas and power were exempted from clearing, the clearing mandate. So those have historically been bilateral markets, and they will, under the new regulatory regime, continue to be able to be bilateral markets. And so a lot of electric utilities and gas utilities that have good balance sheets have always continued to trade those bilaterally. What's changing is the way banks and other counterparties are margining each other in the bilateral market, and at some point, it becomes somewhat equivalent to putting it in a clearinghouse. And as people put business into a clearinghouse, we can look at their entire portfolio of gas, power and oil and related products and give them meaningful margin offsets. And also, the clearinghouse allows us to extinguish contracts. If you buy and then sell and put it in a clearinghouse, you have gone completely off-risk because we've netted the 2 and extinguished them, which is not the case in the bilateral market. So people that are paying more attention to bankruptcy concerns and the fallout of the MF Global collapse and the like are generally trending towards moving that business on exchange. We have lots of competition and new competitors seemingly announcing every day. So none of that can really detour us. It's why we bought the Endex exchange. We wanted the Continental European people and the infrastructure that have close relationships in that market, and all of that has really worked to our advantage and has helped us grow the business. I suspect we'll have people coming in. They'll be paying for order flow. They'll be doing all the nonsensical things that happen in other markets, but none of that really has seemed to have any negative impact on us. And frankly, some of it has probably, overall, expanded the market and, in a backhanded way, inured to our benefit.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, there've been a number of -- we've been invited into a number of very sort of high-profile dispositions, particularly a number of things by banks and others that have gone to auction. We have declined to participate in a number of them simply because we haven't been able to meet our return on investment thresholds. And some of them have been amazing franchises and very interesting things, but we don't feel like we should destroy shareholder value in order to own them. So it does seem to be a pretty active market for things that are coming up for sale or what have you, but we really haven't necessarily been participating. We have a buy-versus-build strategy around here, so we look at where do we want to go, and then once we determine where we want to go, we figure out how quickly can we build it or are there parts of it that we need to acquire from others and are those available to us. And so that's really what drives our thinking here. And it's worked well for us and created a lot of value for shareholders over a period of years, so nothing has changed in that regard. But it has been interesting to see sort of some of the high prices that have been discovered for some of the other assets that have traded recently to our peers.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, thank you all for joining us this morning, and we'll continue to keep you apprised of our continued progress. Have a good morning.
