Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Well, we also have a WTI contract. It's an important contract to us, so having the supply issues around Cushing, Oklahoma, come back to some amount of normalcy has been helpful in those people that trade the Brent/WTI spread. But I would remind you that the reason that, historically, people traded the Brent/WTI spread was because the United States was an importer of foreign oil and the Brent/WTI spread, in some manner, represented the transportation cost between bringing oil from the North Sea into the Gulf Coast. And as the United States had very successfully found new sources of oil and it's becoming less of a net importer and potentially moving to a situation where we have excess capacity, I think the market is telling us that the Brent/WTI spread is likely to move out again, representing the fact that the United States is likely not to be a major net exporter of crude oil in the near term. So that being said, there is trading dynamics around that whole supply management for our customers, who are largely commercial, who are having to hedge global trends and then regional trends in the United States. I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we still maintain 100% of the revenues in the world for the trading of Brent futures, and I can't ask the team to do any more than that. It's really almost near-perfect execution. And we continue to grow our market share of WTI as we continue to push on the efficiencies of trading that complex at our exchange and also, as the unintended consequence of people laying off positions because they're being paid to trade at a competitor, actually, net benefit, I believe, our market share.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: And then, the knock-on effect is that because there are -- people are being paid to trade, they also move in the middle distillate markets on our competitor and then lay off some of that risk with us, and so our share of the middle distillate market seems to also be increasing.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes. So I agree with you that -- I was hoping that it would take off faster than it has, but we remain committed to try to move the market to a different way of trading credit. And what our customers have told us is that they need a tool or help in how to value the product that we've launched versus what has historically traded in the market. So we have been building, for the market, a pricing tool, which we'll be rolling out soon, that we believe will help people. We also have a couple of firms that have agreed that they're going to make markets in that futures contract as that tool rolls out. So that, coupled with, we hope, the timing of the market's uptake of -- prediction of how Basel is going to impact trading and Volcker, Dodd-Frank and EMIR, we hope all of those wins will continue to push people towards this contract and that we get the timing right. We do have a number of other futures contracts that we've made a commitment to roll out, but we really want to try to keep effort focused on this new one for a while to see if we can move the market and if these other secular trends are enough to sort of tip it that way.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, we have -- we can't solely control volumes, so the only thing we really can control around here with any discipline is expenses. And that's what we've been trying to do, is control our expenses. We are -- we did report 12% bottom line growth, so we're very pleased, particularly given that fundamental change is going on in our client base, as I mentioned in prepared remarks, where assets are moving around as a result of regulatory changes, and they're moving around globally not just in the United States. And then, coupled with the fact that we had a very, very large and continue to have a very large U.S. natural gas business that is being substantially reengineered around the discovery of shale gas, so there's a lot of movement right now. So our customers are trying to get their arms around that. But all of that change, I think, bodes well for the need for customers to manage risk, and ultimately, the hedging of prices is what we're providing. So we continue to remain confident in the complex that we have.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Well, we did receive our antitrust approvals earlier this year so -- earlier this summer, so it's allowed, in the last few weeks, for us to become more intimately involved in exchanging information with NYSE Euronext. I should tell you that Duncan Niederauer, the NYSE Euronext CEO and his team have been phenomenal in working with us and helping to identify how we can integrate the businesses. They've just been great, and progress over the last few weeks since receiving our antitrust approvals has been significant. And so we feel very, very good, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, about achieving the synergies that we promised. We have a real roadmap in understanding now on how we can do that and the timing of how that can lay out, and we feel very comfortable that between the 2 companies, we have the resources to really move on that now. And so it's been rewarding to confirm the expectations that we had going into the deal.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a good question. What's going on in our minds is that in the United States and in Europe and Canada, we have this various delivery points, where people did basis trade. And the movement of natural gas right now is being completely changed, both in the United States and then more broadly, globally, as liquefaction starts to come into play. So people are trying to figure out how to hedge material price risks with that different movement, and the market doesn't really know how our prices are going to respond to natural volatility, which happens in the energy complex with hurricanes and with heating and cooling needs. So I do think there is some pent-up need because when we talk to customers, they tell us that they're being cautious in where they take positions, until they've seen a couple of business cycles and price movement cycles through the market. And so I think all that causes people to tiptoe a little bit. But as I said in my prepared remarks, what we have seen is although there are historic -- relatively historically low natural prices in the U.S., we still do have these sort of seasonal price shocks that come in, and then, all of a sudden, volatility obviously goes up and volumes follow. And the market is just trying to get an education about how that's going to work going forward.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a good question. I think we all know that with new bank regulation coming in and client clearing responsibilities now being imposed globally that capital for trading is going to become increasingly more scarce and as a result of that, portfolio margining increasingly more important. And then you have to balance that against the need and desire of the market to not under-margin somebody, particularly a multi-asset-class company, like a bank, that could become systemic. So both prudent risk management and regulators are going to go slow, I suspect, on how they allow portfolio margining to make its way through the industry. And we've seen that ICE has really broken new ground by coming to a regulatory oversight with both the CFTC and the SEC, who've agreed on a portfolio margining strategy for us. Something in the United States that's been talked about for years, maybe decades, which is the portfolio margining of a securities account against a futures account, and we're the first to really head down that path. I think it's working really well in our credit default swap area. You can -- as Scott mentioned, it attracted the buy side into our CDS clearing in the last few weeks. So portfolio margining does work, if you will. There are a lot of things that trade in the world, and my own sense is that as the market becomes more comfortable with clearing, the operation of clearing and the new custodial and collateral infrastructure that's going to be built around clearing globally, that people will actually seek out clearing for new products that heretofore had not been cleared. The reason I think that is because we started this company with the notion of just clearing OTC energy, and the market had no interest in that product until Enron collapsed. And then when Enron collapsed, the market was only interested in having bad credit counterparties use clearing. But over time, between us and our competitors, we continue to market and drive people into clearing on a voluntary basis and then broadened the offerings within these clearing houses. And on a completely voluntary basis, we really moved the energy industry into clearing. So I have the same view that as regulators are now nudging financials and others into clearing houses, that customers will, on a voluntary basis, now want to do more and more within a clearing house. So we have positioned ourselves globally for growth in that area, and it's been the area probably of the most significant focus and investment in this company for the last few years.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Well, first of all, I guess, I read a report recently that commodity revenues at banks are down this year around 25%. If you look at what we just reported, which was a 12% EPS growth, you could see that our footprint is incredibly broad and we are not really levered to -- specifically to what's going on inside the banking community in the commodities footprint. That being said, what banks are -- seem to be doing right now is moving out of the physical commodities area, warehousing, polling agreements, other things that are really at the final trade, if you will, and then concentrating their resources on the forward and futures markets to serve customers who have longer-term hedging needs. And those -- that physical infrastructure is making its way into other hands because these are really valid businesses. So these new owners like Citi putting Phibro out or rumors that JPMorgan may sell part of its warehousing business, those assets will continue to need to be risk-managed. We've also seen that some of these new physical players are choosing to register as swap dealers. So as new entrants get control of physical warehouses and infrastructure, they themselves may move back in time to manage risk by being swap dealers. So overall, it's an expansion of the market. And when the market expands, it drives our data revenues, it makes having a Central Limit Order Book more important to the market because people have a hard time finding other people. So all of that, I think, plays to the strength of the model that we're operating, and in that sense it doesn't scare us. We do play a role in the background, helping traders and risk managers relocate. We know a lot of people and exchanges in area of commonality, where people can come on a neutral basis. So we have an active dialogue with individuals in the market, helping them to move around, helping money to find people and that kind of thing. And so I think those trends out there, on a macro basis, somewhat potentially disruptive, I think, longer term, they really play to our strengths.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: No, I think the more markets get fragmented, the more markets look to Central Limit Order Book. I mean, we had, in most markets, structures around the world. In most markets, you had this concept of dealers and then you had a concept of interdealer brokers, brokers like Creditex that we acquired, that solely serviced a small group of dealers at the wholesale level and then protected the pricing so that the dealers can make money at the retail level. And as that breaks down, you start to move to an all-to-all market and fragmented market and a lack of interdealer brokerage coverage of these new market participants. And as such, the movement to a Central Limit Order Book type market or a central marketplace maybe is the best way to say it, is enhanced. And that trend has been going on in energy. When we started the company, I reached out to the 13 largest -- Chuck and I reached out to the 13 largest market makers other than Enron, and at that time, they were 85% of our volume. And today, it's small, that same group. It has been overwhelmed by the growth in the market and us onboarding increasingly more diverse commercial users.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: One of the things that we've been talking a lot with our colleagues in NYSE Euronext is how to organize a global equity index business, combining what they have and what we have. And I think there are some really interesting opportunities for us there. So we'll have more to say about it as we unveil the exact movements of integration. But maybe not to be too coy, we do think that, together, a meaningful group of equity indices on a common platform are likely to drive growth. And in some cases, the correlation is likely to drive clearing efficiencies.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Well, first of all, Asia is a complicated region. As you know, it's not 1 country there, sort of multiple things going on in Asia. But generally speaking, with the passage of Dodd-Frank in the United States and now EMIR in Europe and legislation that's coming and being adopted in Singapore, where a lot of commodity commerce is done, the market can kind of seize 3 regulatory buckets. And we've seen a bit of balkanization, and I think it comes from the fact that the further you are from a jurisdiction, probably the less you understand about the local regulation. So we've done -- ICE has done well because we have footprints in all 3 of those regulatory jurisdictions and are providing different solutions to each of those. In Asia, we see people wanting to have more identity into who their counterparties are, so not completely anonymous trading. Part of that is there is an aversion by some Asian companies to be pulled into different regulatory jurisdictions without their knowledge. So at this point, particularly because they don't fully understand Dodd-Frank, and Dodd-Frank is complicated even for those of us that live in this country, what you see is sort of regional trading staying regionally. And so we've been investing in tools and what have you for the uptake of that business in Asia regionally. We do see interest by, particularly, Chinese companies in establishing footprints out of the region, and that trend has continued. We've seen talk about Chinese firms trying to acquire businesses that are non-China locations, and all of that is sort of continuing to drive interest around a Singapore hub for us.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, that's a good question, and it's obviously strategically our thinking, is that we want to -- there's a lot of places that you can touch transactions along the transaction highway, and we want to be there. We love having an end-to-end solution, but where we can't, we'd like to at least be a part of a rest stop along the highway. My colleague who runs our confirmation business was just talking to me before this earnings call about how well things are going for us just in the confirmation space and how excited that team is. We continue to add to that team and invest in it. We do think that -- we don't exactly know how these are going to play out. Nobody can really see that, but we do think providing those kinds of solutions could be interesting opportunities for us. And more importantly, we make it easy on customers to comply. And I think the market probably underestimates the role that a central exchange plays on helping to educate and make sure that our customers are in compliance. We are a self regulator organization. We do have regulatory authority. But way before our customers cross some regulatory barrier, we are dialoguing with them to make sure that they recognize the trends that their businesses have and remaining compliant. And I think that -- having all those tools around that will be, long term, beneficial.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: And if I could just add that, we haven't talked much publicly about it, but moving a major exchange from one clearinghouse to another is an unbelievably complicated effort, and it involves hundreds of people. We can control, obviously, the people in our organization, but there were 43 clearing firms that had to move. They had -- all along the way, they had to be testing with us, back-testing. We had to have backup and default plans for what we would do if things went wrong and be betting all of those. We had a lot of legal agreements and structures. So this involved hundreds and hundreds of people, and it was amazing to watch the industry rally around these efforts, support what my colleagues did and move really flawlessly. And by the next Monday, light went on, business as usual. So I really want to thank and congratulate these hundreds of people that really did this because it was quite an accomplishment.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, it's a very good question. First of all, the SEF space in the United States is lining up to be incredibly competitive. I think ultimately, that means that some competitors are going to have to compete on low price, and so it's hard to know what the economics of operating a SEF may be. It may be quite poor unless you're really doing something novel and unique. And you're right in the sense that we have a multiform strategy on how we intend to roll out our SEF. It's not based on price. It is based on technology and a holistic view of futures and OTC coming together in one global marketplace. And built into that, there's a lot of regulatory obligations now for traders and recordkeeping and other things, and it's our intent to really provide solutions that can ultimately satisfy those needs so that the people don't have to work too hard to trade. We've got -- in the case of what we've announced to partners that have agreed to make markets on our SEF, so we expect to launch with a lot of initial liquidity, which is always key, as you know. And so in a sense, we picked out and found people that we thought would be able to do that on a day-in and day-out basis, and that's how we selected partners. There were other people that have been interested in our offering that we chose not to bring in.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us here today. We'll continue to keep you informed as to the progress as we move through this next quarter. And I hope you have a good day.
Scott A. Hill: Patrick, just to put a head on that, our ROI and share of OI and our share of volume in WTI have consistently increased each quarter for the last few quarters, and our revenues increased significantly for the first half of the year in the WTI contract.
Scott A. Hill: When you go down through it, Howard, I mean, the U.S. gas and power revenues were down in the first half. Every oil product was up. Sugar was up. Every Ag product was up. Foreign exchange products were up. Every product we have outside, the U.K. natural gas and power revenues were up, so our revenues were up across the board. And on only a slight volume increase, we saw a significant profit increase as opposed to others who are getting a lot of credit for volume increases and no profit growth at all.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. I think the $4 million to $5 million was something one of you suggested I should provide for the back half of the year. I tried to tamp that down. But in the second quarter, I'll tell you that probably it was closer to where we came in. I think a lot of that, though, in the second quarter, did have the fact that we had the benefit -- mandatory clearing for the Phase 1 was March, so we only got about 0.5 month of that, and that rolled into the second quarter. We got a number of people that signed up during the quarter so that when mandatory clearing kicked in, in Phase 2 in June, we had a pretty good wind at our back. I think what we're seeing in the third quarter, so far, is a little bit of the more typical seasonality. So we've got, as I said, over 400 firms signed up, over 250 firms clearing. And so there's been a little bit of a slowdown in July, but I think that's seasonality. As I look over the course of the rest of the year, there are probably another 150 firms or so that will come in with Phase 3, which will put us at 500 to 600 firms as you roll into September. And so as we've talked about, when you go back to when we started, I think the first year revenues were kind of in the $20 million range. And then, a year later, it was $40 million, and then we got to $60 million. In the last couple of years, we've kind of plateaued out in the mid-$60 million in revenue. And if you look at where we're trending right now, we can easily be at or above $85 million this year in CDS clearing. And I think it's just -- you're going to continue to see us step it up as you move through the phases, and that's still with an execution market that's flat on its back. And so as we grow this business, from a clearing standpoint, that's really us continuing to launch new products. I talked about western sov, which we still intend to launch. I talked about European client clearing, which we're going to launch in October. So we're still adding new products, adding new customers and have yet to see any benefit at all from a recovery in the overall CDS market. So we feel very good about the contribution of that business this year in the first half and certainly, as we get into the back half. And I think the opportunities for us to continue to incrementally grow that business quarter after quarter are there.
Scott A. Hill: And the only thing I'd add, Ken, is uniquely we have positioned ourselves globally. But we've also positioned ourselves with clearing houses operating in local jurisdiction. So we've got a meaningful clearing house in Europe, a meaningful clearing operation in Canada, a meaningful clearing house in the U.S. for futures and another meaningful clearing house that does CDS. So we've got a global presence, but we also have local operations that are able to serve customers who have different needs or that are under different regulations or laws.
Scott A. Hill: I don't -- Chris, I don't think we broke that out. But I'd tell you it's relatively small in the scheme of things, and the profit contribution similarly was small, a few million dollars.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. I think those are both good questions. Let me start with the clearing one. So from a clearing standpoint, I think there are -- as I said, I think there are a number of opportunities. We've got 400 clearing members signed up -- or over 400, another 150 we think we get in Phase 3. But only -- I think it was 268 was the precise number that are clearing today. So there's an opportunity in another 300-ish customers that aren't clearing today that will clear in the future. There's the buy-side clients in Europe, who haven't had an offering yet. We'll launch our buy-side offering in Europe in October. Look, I think the reality is similar to the U.S. I don't know that the buy side is going to come rushing in the day it's available. I think it will depend on ultimately when EMIR makes the clearing mandatory, but that's another wave of growth that's in front of us. Western European sov, we've been working the launch effort, feels like, 3 years. And we're -- I think we're at the last step with the regulators there, and I'm hopeful we get that done this year. That's another growth contributor. So look, I said earlier, we kind of plateaued in the mid-60s. We're on our way this year to the mid-80s. There's no reason, in my view, that, that business can't get north of $100 million over the next year or 2. And again, that's without any pickup in the market, which kind of segues to the second part of your question. I do think that getting the SEF rules written down, continuing to work with customers on the CDS future product and refining that product and understanding what tools they need in getting people convinced to come in and make market. I do think that, that ultimately will help that market turn around. There's no question that there is still a market in the banks and with the buy side and an interest in trading credit. Whether or not that's in the traditional OTC product or it's in the futures product that we're launching, whether it moves to a futures exchange or on a SEF, I think it's difficult to see. But I do think we're starting to see the foundation solidify for the execution market to turn. Again, whether that's third or fourth quarter or into early next year, I think it's difficult to call. We're managing right now our brokerage business to basically hang in there and break even. We're introducing product. We're working with customers. So then it was -- when it does turn, we're positioned, and in the meantime, we continue to earn money on the clearing operations. But I think the best news for us is when the execution market does turn, not only will we benefit in the execution, but it will multiply the benefits we see on the clearing.
Scott A. Hill: And I think that's one of the reasons, Niamh, that if you look, even with the somewhat tepid July results, our oil business, which a lot of that is driven out of -- a meaningful number is driven out of Asia, that business still grew in July, up 7% year-over-year. So I think you're seeing similar to what Jeff talked about embedded in the numbers, particularly if you watch our oil numbers.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, so I mean, clearly, one of the biggest conversations that we had with our Liffe colleagues early days, both Chuck and I, was with regards to the number of products that they wanted to launch to meet the customer demand. And they were working with, at that moment, a somewhat nonresponsive clearing provider. And so now that we have gotten job 1 done, which was to get the clearing moved over into ICE Clear Europe, we are actively involved with Liffe in working with them on the products that they are looking to launch to serve the needs of the customers, with whom they're directly in dialogue. And I think the other important point is we do have a separate guarantee fund that we've set up with regards to the interest rate business, which goes back to one of the questions earlier that Jeff has gotten with regards to the portfolio margining. In some instances, that makes a lot of sense, single names versus index. But at the same time, as a multiproduct or multi-asset-class clearinghouse, there are customer communities who want to know that, "I'm in interest rates. And I don't want that to be cleared with CDS, and I don't want that to be cleared with energy." And so in this case, for interest rates, we did set up a separate guarantee fund and are working directly with those interest rate customers to serve the need that they've gotten. And I would tell you that the list of products that Liffe would like to get launched and so therefore, that we would like to get launched is long, and it's one of the key opportunities for us in the coming months.
