Scott A. Hill: Yes, Rich. No problem. It's the things you mentioned. It's Endex. It's us picking up some treasury income from the higher margin balances we've picked up from the Liffe clearing, and it's the modest charge that we billed NYX for the clearing of Liffe in the third quarter. And our expectation, as you move to the fourth quarter, is that other revenue should be stable at this higher level.
Scott A. Hill: And, Howard, I'd just add too -- because I've seen a couple of notes go out, what happens with the tax rate is no less a strategic and operational decision. The tax rate is coming down because the U.K. corporate tax rate is coming down, and we built a business thoughtfully in London to -- with one of the reasons being it's a very conducive business environment. So I completely agree with Jeff in terms of how we manage hiring and expenses, but the way we've thought about strategically positioning our businesses geographically contributes to the tax rate, which also contributes to our ability to grow double-digit earnings in the quarter. So that's not something, I think, people should just write-off. And again, I think where we're headed is towards the lower end of the tax range guidance that we've talked about in the past of 27% to 30%. And over the long-term, assuming the U.K. continues to behave in the manner they have, that will only improve.
Scott A. Hill: It was a relatively modest amount, Ken, and it helped drive the other revenue up quarter-to-quarter. A couple of million bucks, nothing overly meaningful.
Scott A. Hill: No, no, that's exactly right. In the quarter, it was an adjustment of just under $5 million to true up for the year. So that obviously will not repeat itself in the fourth quarter. My expectation, just to kind of help you guys a little bit on the direction, is we're averaging right now, if you adjust for that comp accrual, about $135 million a quarter. We've got a transition payment related to the Endex transition in October that would be about $1 million. So I suspect we'll be somewhere in the $136 million plus or minus range in expenses in the fourth quarter.
Scott A. Hill: You can stay tuned. But I tell you, it hasn't changed a lot in terms of some of the things you mentioned. But from what we discussed earlier, I think the intangibles that go away on the NYX side are going to look a lot like the intangibles we put in place, so it's roughly a push. But I think our intention would be, as Jeff alluded to in his prepared remarks, is to go into a lot more detail on that, on synergies, on the balance sheet, on the call in the next couple of weeks.
Scott A. Hill: And you add to that the fact that in Europe, I mean, North American natural gas clearly was down, but European natural gas revenues were up over 30% year-over-year in the third quarter. So our investments there are starting to pay off. And as it does become a more global commodity, I think our presence in both geographies is going to be a meaningful competitive advantage.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I don't think we've historically looked at it as do we have pricing power. I think we've looked at it as, do we have data that our customers find valuable? Are there packages of that information that we can put together that will be more valuable? And it's interesting that some people are moving now, we've been moving on that front for the past 2 years. In fact, if you look at our Market Data revenues in the quarter at $40 million, I think, I said in my prepared remarks, that's up 12% year-over-year. And that's because we did increase the prices. But again, it's not because we had any particular power, it's because as we continue to add more products, more asset classes on our exchange, we've got data that's more interesting and more valuable to our customers, and so they're willing to pay more to get access to more.
Scott A. Hill: I think the one that really dished in the quarter and for the year are our global oil products, which are the former OTC oil products, continue to perform very well. And our expectations are that, that will continue as we move forward. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a lot of those products' prices, differentials off Brent, the trading in those products also helps with additional trading in Brent. So our WTI volumes have been good. RBOB and heating oil are relatively small but are growing quickly. So as I look across the portfolio of the oil products, we feel very good about all of the oil products. I tell you the other things is we're kind of in the midst of budget season, one of the leading indicators for agricultural products tends to be open interest. Open interest across our total ag complex is up as we're getting towards the end of the year. Sugar volumes have been great but more importantly, sugar OI has been building. So as I look across the complex, I'm very bullish on the opportunities that exist in our oil and our ag complex. And again, frankly, as Jeff said, with natural gas I look at our OI balance, a little bit of volatility move will mean good things for us in terms of volume in that business.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, I do follow your question. And I think the good news for investors is that in the 10-month period since we announced the deal, we've made much more progress than I think we anticipated that we would. We've done a deeper dive into how the combined company can operate, and we have a very informed view of what businesses we're going to put where and how we're going to go to market and who we're going to put in charge of those businesses and how we can better organize the combined company. I do expect that as soon as we close this deal, which I hope will be, literally, in a matter of days, that we'll be able to get back on the phone with you and spend a significant amount of time in great detail to inform the market on how we think about these things.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: That's a very good question. I mean one of the things, if you look at the slide -- they may be obvious. But if you look at the slide of our CDS clearing revenue, you see that how many trillions of dollars have come in, and the net open interest has actually been relatively stable, even though the notional amount coming in has been increasing. What that's saying is that a lot of the over-the-counter markets can really collapse down into a small amount of fundamental risk, that's obviously why legislators and regulators have been pushing more business into clearing to get that compaction. But what that means is that it's truly a lower overall amount of capital that's needed. I see the business that we touch, specifically the cleared futures business and cleared swaps business, as really changing the dealer and clearing infrastructure into one that is much more akin to lending. I think going forward, capital is going to -- high-quality capital is going to be needed in clearing houses. And as a result of that, banks that can analyze their customers' balance sheets and lend them the capital to put up in clearing house against the trades is really a lending business. That is slightly different than the way it operated before, but it means that the business is going to compete with other forms of lending. It means that customers will go through credit committees in their trading practices as well as their borrowing practices. And I think that will be very, very healthy for the market. And I think that we started to see that banks and intermediaries that are very, very well positioned to analyze risk and to lend, I think, are going to do well. It should be a high return on capital business for those that can manage it well with relatively modest risk.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, it's a good question, and the answer is no. We have really taken great pains internally as we've thought about the way we integrate to keep the culture of growth and innovation in the combined company. And you saw that in this quarter we had double-digit earnings growth. But a lot of what we've been able to do as managers is, even though we had a 23% downturn in natural gas trading, which was historically a flagship product for us, we still returned double-digit growth. We did that by managing what we can manage, since we can't manage volatility, and that is our cost structure. We -- I -- Scott, Chuck and I meet every 2 weeks and go through every employee request, every hire, every termination and manage the headcount of this business with extreme accuracy. We spend a tremendous amount of time calibrating our own compensation internally with consultants and with our board to make sure we continue to have a pay-for-performance culture, and all of that helps us to motivate the company and focus it on delivering that bottom line, and that's what we can do as managers, and that's not going to change.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, I think -- again, once we close the deal, we'll be able to give you more information about how we're thinking about the combined business. But generally speaking, what we are good at is running transaction businesses that are following market trends where a lot of innovation matters. And we know what we do well here, and we know what we don't do well here. And I think what has allowed us to do well is by editing and curating our own behavior so that we focus on areas where we can make a difference and not on areas where we can't. And in the combined company, that's how we've been thinking about the joint opportunities that, together, we will have, which I think really can drive a lot of growth.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: By the way, Ken, recall that we entered into the Liffe contract when we were 2 separate companies, and it was in ICE's best interest to offer Liffe a very attractive clearing deal so that we could convince it to move off of its own initiative to build the clearing house. Because that was in the best interest of what, ultimately, will be a combined Liffe and ICE company.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, first of all, I don't think I would be very good at it. And so I know my own limitations. So it's alluring as a manager, but it's not my expertise, and so I'm glad that Duncan Niederauer is staying for at least a year, so that he can continue in that role. But with respect to competition, let me just -- I do have strong views of the way the U.S. cash equities business operates, and I've been pretty transparent about those. So it's not that I'm benign, but let me just mention to you that the New York Stock Exchange is a very special place, and I think it's probably inherent in your question about who is going to be the spokesperson for. Because every day, there are people that have to trade. There are index funds that have to rebalance. There are funds that have redemption, that have to trade and sell shares. And there are people like you and I who have investments in our life savings who have to send our children to school or buy a new house or, hopefully, start a new business. And on that day, they have to sell. And a lot of the market model of what you're talking about is a market model that takes advantage of the fact that those people, on that day, have to sell. And that means that they can be charged usury rates, and that means that they can have poorer information than people that they trade against when they put a market order in. And in the infrastructure of trading today is intermediaries who people are turning to, hopefully -- and exchanges -- that people are turning to, hoping that they will have a duty of care. But in reality, those people are incented to take advantage of the people that are the weakest on the day they have to trade. And I think that, that is fundamentally wrong. I think people that have built a business around that are destined to ultimately fail. I don't think they are sustainable. And increasingly, when I go talk to friends and when I listen to people that are not involved specifically in what we do, there's a sense that things aren't fair, and that is the collective wisdom, increasingly, of the market. We're starting to finally see people openly talk about market structure changes and, fundamentally, revisiting why it is that we have equity exchanges. And I think we have equity exchanges so that companies like ICE that can start from nothing can attach to the capital markets to raise capital, to build businesses, create jobs and be innovative and helpful to society. I think the secondary market that takes advantage of people that have to trade or have poor information is not particularly wanted or helpful or sustainable. And so I'm anxious to be involved in the U.S. cash equities business from the sense that I think the New York Stock Exchange is incredibly well positioned. I think the market model is going to change. I think people in the business want it to change. And hopefully, by being transparent about it, we will be a positive force in causing the change.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Thank you for that. We justify, internally, our ability to do M&A by our ability to control cost because that's what the market expects us to do. But as you are alluding to, the reality is, as managers, we're looking to the real revenue opportunities and how we can really increase our return on invested capital by growing the top line. We don't advertise it because it's not necessarily accepted or appreciated, but it's definitely part of our thinking. When this business comes together, we're going to be, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a multi-asset class company with a really good clearing infrastructure at a moment in time when people are going to want as much portfolio margining and cross collateralization as is acceptable within the constraints of operating a secure market. Secondly, we are going to be a massive data provider. What you've seen over time is that people used to buy data, consolidated data, that was very, very spread out through the markets and data aggregators aggregated it up and sold terminals and feeds to people. And what you're seeing over time is a recognition that it's not the terminal or the feed that is important, it's the underlying data. And that data is increasingly consolidated around exchanges and clearing house and, ultimately, SEFs. And so I think you're going to see fundamental changes in the way the data business operates. You've been seeing that trend already, ICE has increasingly been getting more and more in the data business. And now we're going to have an amazing data set. Lastly, with more attention being paid on the physical markets and the way price formation happens on the benchmarks, you're increasingly going to see regulatory scrutiny on the way those benchmarks and other things are built up and compiled. That, again, lends itself to a company like ours that has a strong regulatory infrastructure, compliance infrastructure and relationship with end users, that's why we're excited about, ultimately, Liffe's successful acquisition of the LIBOR contract. We produced Brent settlement prices here and we're going to be acquiring, as part of the deal, we already have a relationship with Russell. We're going to be acquiring a relationship with FTSE, with [indiscernible], MSCI. So increasingly, our intellectual property portfolio of data that can be disseminated will be meaningful.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. We're very well situated with our own platforms and infrastructure to integrate businesses and take costs out of them, and we're acquiring a lot of great assets together, NYSE and Euronext and ICE will have to edit and curate. I think in terms of organic investment, to protect our growth businesses, there's nothing revolutionary there. I do think though there's fundamental change going on in our markets. And as a result of that, there will be winners and losers. And those that can adapt to change will do well and those that can't are -- you can already see companies that are not adapting and, to me, they are failing. Whether or not those are interesting opportunities that -- if they come to market or not, to be determined. But increasingly, we have a total, in almost every asset class, that, organically, we can work from, which is really an interesting place for us to be.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, I mean, I think the nice thing about our merger is we have a much bigger scale and platform, so that no one business is particularly material. So it gives us license to take a look at them and say, "Do we want to make a long-term play here, or is it outside of our core competence? And is it something that -- it may be better for others to invest in?" And we've done that -- we've already done that on a business-by-business basis and very, very detailed -- of not just the technology business, but all of the businesses that we have in our combined portfolio. And I'll talk about it in the next few weeks. We've made a lot of headway in how we can move. I think what we'll see is, as a result of that relatively quickly after the deal closes, we can start to affect the integration of those parts of the business that work well for us and separation from those parts of business that are better owned by others.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: I think what we are seeing is that the volatility in natural gas this year is about half of what it was last year. So, volatility is still a major driver of people's hedging activity. More recently, we've seen some cold weather in the United States that has -- and we've had with some very big days on days when there's sort of unexpectedly cold weather. We're getting back into the weather months of heating for much of the United States and North America that will -- that unexpected behavior there tends to drive trading for us. But more broadly, we still are very bullish on natural gas and that's why we bought Endex, in addition to giving us an exchange in Continental Europe, which is important to us given regulatory changes going on, important for us to have a toehold there. It gives us a closer dialogue with the continental market. We've already had a very strong position in the U.K. market, and we're working, obviously, down in Brazil, in the energy markets down there. We have a strong investment in Asia on energy markets. And we tend to think that natural gas is going to globalize, and that United States with this shale gas and variable cost gas and technology that's increasing is going to create demand for natural gas to move around the world. So we're making a long-term global play in gas. It's frustrating that there hasn't been a lot of volatility. It's probably good for us as consumers, but frustrating for those of us that manage risk management. And it's one of those things that can just change on a moment's notice due to weather and supply disruption, everything else that goes on in the gas business.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, obviously, with the Liffe clearing business moving into our clearing house, we've also been moving into the clearing of interest rate futures markets. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, just since making that move, we've launched dozens of new interest rate products that Liffe had a desire to get into. But we're in a unique position in the rates business where with the Liffe business -- the Liffe U.S. business and the LIBOR administration, we've kind of bracketed the U.S. Europe and in the futures space and LIBOR gives us a position in the cash space. We've got a great OTC platform that, as you we mentioned, we built in the credit space and all the relationships and workflow connectivity there. So I think it'll give us a platform to go after more unique businesses in the rate space and things that are related to interest that will have an offset against that futures portfolio. That's been a very powerful tool that others have been using, as you've seen, and I would expect that we'll find some meaningful share of business with customers that are capital sensitive and capital constrained.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: I don't know that -- I don't know that I would think of it in share and in fact, I don't think -- we never run the business to take share, because you can buy market share in this industry. And I'm looking at, can we create innovative products that have meaningful value for customers. And those may be new things that we'll ultimately report on probably as share of an increasing market. But I do think the pie for people in this business will be getting bigger and I think the opportunities for those that can navigate that will do well. We are starting with an interest rate platform that is very European-centric inside Liffe. We've got a customer clearing model already rolled out for credit there and a lot of infrastructure and workflow to deal with trade allocation and other things. So we have a neat portfolio of tools that I think will allow us to find a way to enter that business that will be accretive for our shareholders.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Thank you, Shannon. Let me just say we're excited about where we're positioned in the company and the work that lies ahead for us. I'm going to look forward along with Scott, Chuck and Kelly to get back to you on a similar call, shortly, to discuss the combined company, once we close on our NYSE Euronext deal. And thank you all for joining us today.
