Jeff Sprecher: Thank you, Ben, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Please turn to Slide 9. The third quarter extends our track record of growth. We once again grew revenues, grew adjusted operating income and grew adjusted earnings per share with strong growth from all business segments across asset classes, and amidst a dynamic macro environment. These results are a testament to the strength of our business model, positioning the company at the center of some of the largest markets undergoing an analog-to-digital conversion, and which together make ICE an all-weather name that generates growth on top of growth. The diversity of our platform positions us to benefit not only from near-term cyclical events, but also longer-term secular growth trends. We've expanded into new asset classes, growing our addressable market and broadened our expertise, making our network significant and providing the opportunity to unlock additional growth by collaborating across businesses. We recently announced another new product from the collaboration between ICE Data Services and ICE Mortgage Technology, called the ICE Rate Lock Indices. Leveraging anonymized and aggregated data from ICE Mortgage Technologies leading origination platform, this suite of indices provides a more comprehensive, accurate and timely reflection of residential mortgage rates. Building on this innovation, like we've done in other asset classes, these indices provide an opportunity to create additional products like rich analytics and better pricing tools for lenders. The opportunity to turn raw, unstructured data into actionable insights abounds across our business. By taking alternative data sets and marrying them with our proprietary data, we've built solutions that offer unique insight into the market. Our climate analytics, for example, leverage our strength in the fixed income market with third-party geospatial data to help market participants better manage climate risk as a part of their overall investing and risk management processes. As ESG is increasingly becoming a component of investment portfolios, our technology and data expertise positions us well to deliver solutions that meet these evolving customer needs. We have strategically assembled a portfolio to drive growth across asset classes and macro environments, and part of this strategy is capturing value by thoughtfully repositioning businesses. This year alone, we harvested our gain in Coinbase, announced an agreement to do the same with our stake in Euroclear, and unlocked Bakkt via our New York Stock Exchange listing. These transactions expose billions of dollars in value creation and position us well to return capital to shareholders while continuing to invest for our future growth. It's collaborative efforts, innovative solutions and strategic capital allocation like this that have driven our growth for the past 20 years and which lay the foundation for continued growth well into the future. Before I end my prepared remarks, I'd like to thank our customers for their business and their trust in the quarter. And I'd like to thank my colleagues at ICE for their contributions to the best third quarter in our company's history, topped only by our record quarter earlier this year. I'll now turn the call back to our moderator, Dania, to conduct a question-and-answer session, which will run until 9: 30 Eastern Time.
Jeff Sprecher: Yes. Well, first of all, and I think -- we'd like to position ourselves where there are analog to digital conversions, and there's an analog-to-digital conversion going on in the wallet. When I was a kid, I had a carried around a leather wallet in my pocket, and children today may never own a leather wallet. And so that analog-to-digital conversion is something that we wanted to be a part of. I think we decided to create Bakkt as a separate brand and a separate entity because a lot of our investors seem to not see the coalescence of institutional and retail coming together. As access is increased through digital tools, and you can see it in the US equity markets, there's less distinction between a retail order and an institutional order, for example. And so that same convergence is happening across all businesses. And we were a little bit concerned that our investor base wouldn't appreciate that we could both be an institutional network provider and also a retail network provider. And so we decided to give the company a separate brand. And it was -- we just didn't feel like it was being appreciated inside of ICE and so we decided to give it a separate capital structure on the New York Stock Exchange. Other than that, Bakkt will be doing its own earnings calls now as a public company. I'm no longer on the board. And so I don't want to ever speak for the company, going forward. But I will tell you that we do believe there's value creation in analog-to-digital conversions, and we're trying to place value there around the business. And that's part of why I see us as being an all-weather name that can grow on top of growth. We're locked up in the company as part of the IPO. We actually invested additionally as part of the spin. And so we're very, very high on that company and want to give it every opportunity to demonstrate its value to the market.
Jeff Sprecher: So thanks, Kyle. So on the -- so on move to subscription to answer the first part of how much -- how many of the customers have we done it with, it's well less than 10%. So it's a very small percentage of the customer base that we've been able to do this with. As you can imagine, now is a good time to actually be engaging with customers to make this transition towards subscription. Because you're in a high-volume environment, customers are in this high-volume environment, they want to adopt more automation. They want to be able to continue to automate and be as efficient as possible against any other competition. So they're continuing to add on more and more of our services. So when we go and engage in clients in this negotiation, we are willing to forgo some transaction revenue. But we're not foregoing all of it. We're just making it very open in our algorithm around, hey, if we're going to shift some to subscription, we are willing to give up some transaction, which is mostly the success fees on those transactions that we get. But we also remember the other transaction element that we do get is on our network. So any time a loan is coming on to our network and ordering services from third parties for the automation that we're providing there, we're collecting a fee for providing that benefit along those rails and that fee will continue as it is today.
Jeff Sprecher: Sure. So as I mentioned earlier in the commentary, the average customers on four, five year agreements, that's not changing. So you can -- and we just started this. So we just started doing this, this year, and we only did it with a subset of the customers that were actually going through renewal to really see what we learned in going through that and testing that our hypothesis, now theory, was right, and we've proven that. So we have a long runway to do this, and continue to feed more subscription revenue growth over time. In terms of are we taking away some of the upside, the way I see it is we're taking away some of the volatility in that line item. And where our upside is, is there's still a ton of new innovation that we're introducing to the marketplace between the e-close offerings that we have, that we've launched, between the automation of the underwrite and all the analyzers that we've been talking about on prior calls that we've been introducing to the marketplace. This is all brand-new innovation that is going to continue to drive transaction revenue growth in parallel to reducing the volatility and risk in some of the line items that we have, like origination, data and analytics.
Jeff Sprecher: Thanks, Chris. So when you look at our energy business, and we've talked about this on several calls, one of the things I think that's come to light through this is that we are very different than any of the peers that are out there and that we've developed very deep liquid markets across the energy class spectrum. So whether it's coal, oil, gas, power, environmentals, we've invested heavily across that entire spectrum to give our customers the tools they need, to manage what we saw as a secular trend more than a decade ago of people moving towards cleaner fossil fuel such as natural gas, and towards environmental markets, carbon offset markets, compliance markets and the like. We made several acquisitions, climate exchange 10 years ago. We've been building out our global natural gas suite, and we have now a business that's substantially different than any of our peers. We continue to invest, as we talked about in prior quarters, our oil business, which is doing extraordinarily well with investments that we made in the launch of our Murban contract, that ICE Futures Abu Dhabi. We have a new contract in the Gulf Coast that's launching in the beginning of next year in partnership with several big physical players. And we're in the middle of a Brent consultation where Midland WTI may be added into the Brent basket. So you have a whole bunch of dynamics going on across this, and it's because customers know they need to manage their risk through this transition. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think the environment that you've just seen, you've got to peek into what it's going to be for a long, long time. This energy transition is going to be very volatile. Everyone sees the secular trend where investments are pouring into renewable projects and projects such as coal are not getting invested in. And the fact is any energy supply source, I don't care what it is, is susceptible to supply chain events, weather events, for example. If you have wind turbines and the wind is not blowing, it's not really easy to transition back to a coal-fired plant to get power back on the grid. So I foresee that we're in for a long ride of volatility. And now more than ever, the exchanges and the risk management tools that we provide are extraordinarily valuable to our clients, and it's important to us that we continue to engage with them as much as we ever have to continue to innovate.
Jeff Sprecher: Yes, it's a great question. And I think the one takeaway you should have is that, that has been an intentional evolution on behalf of the management team. We have been -- we started the company really being highly transaction-oriented, and have always wanted to have a bigger recurring growing base that we can rely on. Part of our thinking of becoming an all-weather name is finding these analog to digital market conversions, but also creating a portfolio of businesses that we operate that are durable in different environments. We really wanted to get into the mortgage space, and really worked for over 10 years to put ourselves in that space because it benefits from a low interest rate environment, generally speaking. We have other businesses like our interest rate futures and, to a certain degree, inflation-oriented products like commodities that tend to do better in high interest rate environments. And so, from a transaction standpoint, we wanted to be durable. We want to grow on top of growth and not be a name where people pile in when interest rates are going up and pile out when interest rates are going down. And so, the more that we feel like we can lock into growing and recurring revenue, it gives investors a basis to know that we're going to continue to pay a dividend, that we're going to have capital to reinvest in the business. And then, if we can have transaction businesses that, regardless of macro environment, can do well. It just feels like a company that an investor should own. And that has been the strategy that we've deployed here for -- I mean years now. And it's finally coming to fruition. And the mortgage business, as Ben has mentioned, we've passed our colleagues with let's try to -- to really build a durable subscription underpinning to a business that also has really interesting transaction opportunities because of changes in technology. And the same thing in emissions and in liquefied natural gas. I know you and I have talked for years about our thesis that the natural gas market would globalize and that there would be global benchmarks, not regional benchmarks. And so, a lot of these metrics that you see in your economic model have been incredibly intentional on our part over a long period of time. And it's great that in this quarter, as was mentioned earlier, everything came together at one time.
Jeff Sprecher: Yeah. Alex, there's a lot in that question. What I'll -- one area I can unpack here is when you dig into that, what's leading to our subscription growth. So that's one of the areas of our thesis is that we could move more and more towards subscription in certain parts of the business. And if you look at the components of what's fueling that, one is the very deliberate -- as customers are renewing, moving more and more towards subscription and the origination and the data and analytics line, that's one component. The second is new sales. And this is about market share gains. So we continue to have a lot of success in continuing to add new customers onto our platform and cross-selling services to our existing clients is really the third. So in that cross-selling, the way to think about it, there's opportunities for us to expand the footprint with our clients, with the existing services that they have. We have clients that are using us, for example, on the loan origination side and the correspondent channel, moving to add the retail channel onto that, adding services like our Maven compliance service or our AllRegs offering. All of those are heavily subscription oriented, so we have a concerted effort to cross-sell. And then the fourth is price. And our algorithm when we did the deal and our hypothesis is that on the subscription revenue growth, which is a big component of what we think is required to really hit that 8% to 10% long-term guide, that over that long period of time, each of those elements, the renewals, new sales, cross-selling and price, that will be pretty much an equal distribution across those three that you'll see over a long period of time is what's going to fuel that sustained subscription growth. So that's -- that's the area I'd highlight. There's -- on the transaction area, I mentioned a whole bunch of the new products that we're rolling out, which we believe has an opportunity to continue to grow transaction revenue as well and offset declines that you see in industry environments.
Jeff Sprecher: Thank you, Danae. And thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to continuing to discuss our all-weather strategies with you as our world economy continues to evolve. And with that, I hope you have a great day.
Alex Kramm: Yeah. Hey, good morning, everyone. Just one quick follow-up on the mortgage side again. A lot of good qualitative detail, but I think what's missing a little bit is some more quantitative updates here. And I guess I know you don't give us any sort of numbers of mortgages that go in through your system a quarter, and I know a lot of investors are asking for that. But in absence of that, given that you're talking about a kind of like upsell, revenue upsell, sorry, maybe you can at least help us how much your revenue per mortgage has been changing over the last year or two? I mean, again, like if you're upselling, I guess, that revenue per mortgage should go up. So maybe some numbers you can put around that. And if you can decompose a little bit between pricing and certain new services that would be very helpful, too. So hopefully, you can give us a little something here.
Alex Kramm: Okay. But on a historical basis, the revenue per mortgage going through your system should be up, right? I mean just thematically or not? So to come back to the question.
Alex Kramm: Sorry. But to come back to my original question, if I look at a historical basis, the revenue per mortgage growing the system should have gone up over the last year or so. I mean -- I assume, again, if you don't have any quantitative right, but like directionally, given that you're adding services should be up, correct? We're not looking at it like that.
