Scott A. Hill: Yes. So, Rich, you did the walk almost perfectly. The only other thing I would add is in the second quarter, we'll see a little bit of an increase in our noncash expense. We were a little delayed in issuing our performance-related restricted shares this year. And so we only had 1 month in the first quarter. We'll have 3 months in the rest of the quarter. So that will move you right back into the middle of the guidance once you add in the $15 million of Euronext expense, which again, for clarity, is 100% of the reason the guidance went up and is more than offset by the additional revenues that we would expect based on first quarter volumes and the clearing agreement. But your question about the synergies, Rich, what I was saying and what I said in our February earnings call was that the first quarter expenses reflect that $220 million achievement. It's in the run rate. And then what I also said on that February call, and I'll repeat here, is that we would expect a little bit more. I think I said $15 million to $20 million as you go through the year of additional synergy realization. But that's going to come from the work we're doing to integrate the corporate staff, to integrate the Liffe business, and so that's going to be more in the back end of the year. And so what I said then, and I'll repeat again here, is we would expect 1Q, 2Q to be kind of stable. And then as you get to the back end of the year, it will trail off a little bit as those synergies bleed in. Also embedded in this, consistent with what we said in February, is we are making investments. I said $40 million to $50 million that would support revenue growth of $100 million to $140 million. If you adjust for disc ops, we drove over $30 million of revenue growth in the first quarter alone. So we are seeing the revenue growth. We are making the investment to continue to grow our business.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. Again, I mentioned in my remarks that we had about $8 million of kind of one-off accrual credits that we had in the first quarter, and then I mentioned in answer to Rich's question that we had -- we'd have an increase related to our performance RSUs in the second quarter. Once you adjust those things in, there is no increase in expense 1Q to 2Q or right in the middle of the range, and we're right where we said we'd be and where we'd expect to be. And importantly, you guys recall that we suggested that once we peeled Euronext out and put the NYSE businesses in disc ops, that we would anticipate margins would've been around 48% to 49%. In the quarter, they were 51%, even adjusted for those one-off items. You take the guidance and put it against relatively flat revenues from the first quarter, those margins are going to remain right around 50%. So we're right where we've said we'd be, right where we would expect to be and very happy with the progress we've made.
Scott A. Hill: Okay. Yes, I'll tell you what I can on the process, Mike. As you would anticipate, the last step before we file the IPO later this quarter is we need the final approval from the College of Regulators. And I think we have a very good dialogue going on with them with regards to that process. We're well along in the process of putting the prospectus together, well along in the process of educating some of the potential investors. So we feel good about where we are in the process. That's why we've continued to stake this date. Clearly, we can't say with certainty when that regulatory approval will come. But we're pretty confident and feel good about where we are in the process right now but still, frankly, a lot of work to be done. With regards to what happens at the time of the IPO, that's hard to say without knowing what the market dynamics are at the time we launch or what the demand is at the time we launch. What I can tell you is what we've said publicly before, which is if required, we've committed to be a stable shareholder in Euronext for a period of time. But again, there's no certainty around that either as we move through the process. So I think the net of it is, we feel very good about where we are. We remain confident that we're on track to get it done. And to your question on cash use, as I said in the remarks, first of all, I thought the first quarter cash results really demonstrated the cash we can generate just from the business. Clearly, depending on the size of the stake we can sell on Euronext, that will help us accelerate our deleveraging. And then as you mentioned, the divestiture of the NYSE Technologies businesses will also fund that. So yes, we feel pretty good about where we are, not just with regards to the Euronext IPO but with cash generally and our ability to get our deleveraging done on time, if not more quickly, and then get back to our share repurchases and investing in our growth.
Scott A. Hill: And as we mentioned as well, I mean, we continue to see OI trends that are stable to significantly improving. We mentioned Brent and ICE being up 16% and 14% year-to-year. And, Mike, as we talked about from time to time, I look at the fact that we continue to see more people log into the system, more IDs. So the people are definitely there. The OI, the open positions are definitely there. And so as we mentioned in the remarks, once the volatility returns, we feel pretty well positioned.
Scott A. Hill: No, I didn't link the 2 directly. What I said was in the first quarter, we did see $30 million of revenue growth. If you adjust 2013 for discontinued operations revenues and look year-over-year, we were up about 4%, a little more than $30 million. And what I was suggesting was, we are making investments this year to continue to generate revenue growth. So I was really just talking back to the same comments I made in February.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. So, Ken, I think in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that there are membership fees, there are transaction services, there are the corporate governance businesses that we own. And so if -- there are networking colo, so there are a number of items that make up other. It's a bit of a mishmash. We had a few million dollars in the first quarter related to a termination of a contract that won't continue through the rest of the year. We gave guidance for the quarter of $120 million to $130 million. And I think you could expect -- and by the way, you take out the few million dollars to -- for that onetime, we would have been right at the top end of that range. And I think similar to what you've seen in the past, through ICE other revenues, you should expect stability in that range throughout the year.
Scott A. Hill: 100%. Yes, we are a performance-based pay company and we remain a performance-based compensation company. So that flexibility will absolute exist. I think we've been pretty explicit. Look, we understand that there's a lot of noise in putting these 2 companies together, and we're trying to be very explicit, more explicit than -- we haven't given revenue guidance before and we gave you a number, we are trying to break our expense guidance down into pieces to be helpful, but if you look at that guidance, I mean, it's reflective of what would be a very good year. If we don't hit those numbers, our compensation will be adjusted accordingly across the board.
Scott A. Hill: No. Again, I think it had not a particularly material impact on the pricing overall and you have seen it to continue to expect pricing similar to other proxies, reasonably stable.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, Neve, that -- whether we consolidate or not, it is pretty straightforward accounting. If we've got more than 50%, we'll consolidate it, if it's less than 50%, we won't. Clearly, we said early days that we didn't think we were the optimal owner of what is an attractive business. But it's a business that serves local markets and we didn't bring much to the table. And so there's no particular goal on our side to own a majority and to consolidate the results. What we're going to be able to sell at the time of the IPO that I mentioned earlier is going to depend on what the market dynamics are, but we don't have any desire to continue to consolidate the business for any long-term period.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, that's exactly right. Sorry to step on your question, but when we are -- as we talk about market dynamics, price, demand, all of those factor in.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, look, I think people saw a headline that expense guidance was up and the stock is up on that, but to me, that's a buying uptick, because we didn't say anything different, right? What we said about expenses is 100% consistent with what I said in February with one exception, and that's that we're going to add expenses related to Euronext, predominately related to the clearing arrangement that started on April 1. We said our margins will be 48% to 49% with that Euronext and NYXT, they were more than 50%. All the expense guidance due for the year, again, on revenues that similar to what we saw in the first quarter, it's 50%. The expense in the first quarter reflects a run rate of over $220 million of synergies, more than 40% is already done. That's what we said in February, it's true. We said there will be some investments, as we go through the year, some additional synergies as we go through the year and we said we'd grow revenue. In the first quarter, we grew revenue of 4%. So again, we'll go look at whether or not maybe there's some lack of clarity in the guidance, but it is very consistent. It is very positive and it's right on track with where we expect to be.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, so that's one of the reasons why we shifted a lot of it at the end of the commercial paper, that is easily repayable once we've got the cash in hand to do that. We are looking at the dynamics for an early payment on the Eurobond and what that would entail. We're in discussions with the ratings agencies on how they would treat it if we had the debt but we also satisfied cash. With that [indiscernible] net debt treatment, so that our leverage would be viewed at a point where you can say we can get back to executing on the authorized share repurchase that we have today. So I feel pretty confident that once we get through the Euronext IPO, with, as Jeff said, the strength in our operating cash flow, that we've got a very flexible debt structure that will allow us to get the deleveraging done efficiently.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, so again, the agreement started April 1. The net of the arrangement is there's some expenses that I mentioned, $9 million to $10 million, that would be incurred and revenues of $16 million to $17 million. Just to be clear, that's really based on looking at first quarter volumes and what with the revenues have been based on those volumes. And then assuming similar volumes in 2Q is what it would yield, but embedded in that, obviously, is that amount of revenues will be tied to the derivatives volume that is related to the clearing agreement.
Scott A. Hill: Now that's a great question. So we had about -- of the $220 about $35 million to $40 million of that came from the NYXT business, which is now sitting in disc ops. Those businesses that we are divesting or have shut down or all in disc ops, as we go forward, I think the simplest way to think of it, is the rest of the synergies you're going to see show up in the ICE segment expenses.
Scott A. Hill: I think the opportunity exists for both. One of the key expense synergies that we're working on, it's not even really the integration, it's frankly, the merger of Liffe into ICE Futures Europe on 2 1 site. It's already sitting in 1 clearing house, but on 2 1 platform. And one of the things that we've seen historically, as we move more people onto a single platform, that tends to boost trading. You just get more people staring at the screen, more people who are able to trade, et cetera. And so I definitely think that there are synergy opportunities on the top line related to that, setting aside that the opportunity that exists as the European economy tends to -- starts to improve or continues to improve and we continue to launch new products. So I definitely think there are top line opportunities. And look, I think you said it exactly right. One of the reasons that we're making the investment that Jeff described earlier in the NYSE Technology platform is because we believe a simple, elegant, single technology platform would be much less costly to maintain than 5 separate technology platforms. And so I do anticipate that we will continue to find expense synergy opportunities. I'm not saying that 500 is more today, but I'm saying there's an opportunity for 500 to be more and I think as a management team, we've demonstrated a very good ability to get expense out where those opportunities have existed.
Scott A. Hill: No, it's not in the Q. It's not publicly available. Sorry, but just to be clear, what we've legally separated was Liffe out of Euronext, not Euronext from ICE. So it's not a separate company yet. Although, its management team quite successfully ran the first quarter in a very independent manner.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, so it's a very good question. I wish we could act unilaterally. But today, in the world of smart order routers, as we change fees, those smart order routers react instantaneously. And we suspect that if we went to a single 2-sided rate, we can look at others that have that rate, and those smart order routers will basically leave us in the dust. And the New York -- if you look at the volume on the exchanges and trading platforms that have low 2-sided rates, their market share is probably less than 1%. And we're not going to take the New York Stock Exchange down to less than 1% market share. It's why -- I think there is a mechanism already that the SEC has set limits on what exchanges can charge. And I'm really suggesting that I think those should be revisited, and I think the more support that the industry will provide for a revisiting of those rates, the more likely it is that the SEC will put that up on their priority list. I will tell you that we've had many, many meetings with the SEC at all levels, and I find them to be very engaged and interested in making sure that we have a well-functioning U.S. capital markets system. I've been very impressed with them, and they've been incredibly gracious to listen to me and some of my ideas. And so I have quiet confidence that as more people speak out about improvements, that we'll see the industry coalesce around some good ideas.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's -- again, it's a good question. I mean, the answer is we really just talk to our customers about what their needs are, and then we try to solve for those issues. And that may mean, in some cases, share is taken, and certainly, it means that we're going to be creating new opportunities and ideas. And I'm quite proud of the fact that we stood up a brand-new business that had no employees and no history and convinced the market that we should administer the LIBOR oversight and now again convince the market that we should take over the administration of the ISDA fix process. Those businesses put us very, very close to our customers daily, hourly contact with people talking about where the markets are moving. And they, in part, domain knowledge to us and give us insight into where our customers are thinking, where they're having stress points. And I think couple that with the fact that I'm very, very proud of what our colleagues have built in our clearing infrastructure, with the really sophisticated models and the quants that we've been able to attract and hire who increasingly are getting deeper into managing risk. I think we're just incredibly well positioned. We're lucky to have the Liffe rates complex now come to us. And that's a very, very good starting point for us to do both things that you suggest, to take market share from others and also continue to launch new products. So I think long story short, we're feeling very, very good about where life has taken us right now. I mean L-I-F-E.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes. So let me just say natural -- the U.S. natural gas markets are the markets where Chuck and I really first started ICE, and they remain core to our hearts for that reason. And we had, in the United States, as most of you know, very cold winter, colder than expected. And so people who were trading natural gas either made a lot of money or lost a lot of money, depending upon where you were positioned. And so part of, I think, the quietness of the natural gas markets right now is that we're in a shoulder month period and a lot of our customers are going back and scratching their heads and looking at what happened over the winter before they decide their positioning for summer and beyond. That has nothing to do with -- that has to do with weather, not regulatory issues. That being said, there's definitely a sense of totality of regulation that is sweeping over our customers. And it's complex, and it's somewhat unknown. And there is some trepidation, and dates and deadlines continue to move. And so we do -- we are having unbelievably active dialogue with our customers, trying to help them as we figure out where we need to be to meet those same kinds of dates and deadlines. So there does feel to be kind of appall, if you will, on hedging and trading activity right now as people digest a relatively large and new regulatory regime globally. I think, however, as I said in my prepared remarks, the trend is for exchanges and transparency to be embraced. And we've positioned ourselves well as a transparent and regulated exchange and clearing house venue.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, I personally think as long as we're talking about changing it, we should abolish it. I do not believe that it's healthy for exchanges and trading venues to pay for order flow. People talk about that as if it is liquidity, but because they are both maker-taker venues and then taker-maker venues, you end up with people buying on one venue and selling on another venue and not having any interest in really owning shares. And in other markets where we've got competitors that are doing massive payment for order flow and rebate structures, we end up with customers that want to advantage themselves of those. And what they do is they end up doing big low-risk trades, trades that are way out the curve, butterfly trades that carry no risk or low risk. They do them in the middle of the night. They do these big volume trades, and then the exchanges all go run around and talk about how fabulous their volumes are and use that as a marketing move technique to try to attract the true hedgers into a market that really, by that design, is incredibly illiquid and is a roach motel. And so I am not a fan of market structures that create false volume. I think there are plenty of people in our markets today, and you see them all through the historical markets that ICE has been involved in, that are willing to be market makers, legitimate market makers that will make a 2-way price and provide liquidity into the market, many using high-speed trading techniques that are helpful and meritorious to the market in exchange for access, discounts and other traditional market-making compensation that does not involve payment for order flow in the form of maker-taker or direct subsidies. And so I don't know why we wouldn't just go all the way. I think if you reduce this, it will certainly help. But again, false volume signals, I think, are as wrong as false price signals, which -- in which case, most people would go to jail. And I don't know why we should make the distinction when we all know that our customers are looking at both in making investment decisions.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: I think -- we look at our OI trends. And the -- while trading has been subdued in these shoulder months, the OI trends are still quite good in North American natural gas. In Europe, as I commented, like, our -- what we've been able to do there is unbelievably successful. And so many of the global trading companies are -- have been active in Europe while they've been quiet in the U.S. So we've seen them kind of shift their market-making, risk-taking appetite to where the markets warrant. So I don't see anything long term structurally negative. It's just we are aware that it was very, very interesting over the winter on some of -- where some of our customers were positioned. And they were either right or wrong, many of them. And so people go back and rejigger their models and think about their personnel and think about their capital deployment. And it feels like that's what they're doing over these spring months.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: No, not really. Henry Hub is still is the marker for the U.S. and people still continue to use it. And as we've seen in other markets, there are imperfect benchmarks that exist in the world and we can all talk about how we could design a more perfect one, but the market tends to try to just continue to evolve and adapt around the imperfect ones and as opposed to abandon them. And so we -- that's really what we see going on here. And we've had a lot of dialogue with our customers about the potential to launch new delivery points or new contract designs or new specifications. Obviously, that's why we're changing our gas oil contract from a High Sulfur Gasoil, which is really heating oil to Low Sulphur Gasoil, which is really diesel fuel. And so, we do, do those kinds of things, but what's interesting, if you look at what we announced is that the market told us, don't launch a new gas oil contract, just change the one that we have now from high sulfur to low sulfur, so that things can continue and it's that kind of attitude that we're seeing by energy traders in the U.S. natural gas base.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Alex, the biggest issue is that this particular management team that's sitting in this room on this call doesn't really want to run a big bureaucratic organization. We just -- it's not what we do well and none of us enjoy it and we enjoy feedback directly from customers. And you can only get that when you are running incredibly flat and you get the senior management dialoguing directly with employees that are touching customers day in and day out. So the culture here is just one where we don't want to be that and we don't like it. And as a result of that, we're not going to tolerate a lot of bureaucracy.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: This is Jeff. Let me try to tackle that at a high level. First of all, the main thing that we're doing is we're pushing the Liffe and the ICE organizations together and we're taking the best people from those 2 organizations. At the same time, we're pushing the Liffe products onto the ICE trading platform because we have -- we think better distribution or lighter weight platform or platform that's easier to deploy, it's accessible via the Internet, and so we're doing a lot of technology work to really modify the traditional commodities-based ICE platform to handle a wide range of financial products, including some that are incredibly complex. We're also looking at our interest rate footprint as a global footprint, and we're combining our interest rate products in ways that will give economic offsets in clearing, but also, we'll be complementary to the way people trade and we're designing the platform usage to try to exploit that. And in that regard, when it comes to pricing and market maker schemes and what have you, we basically are moving from the Liffe model to the historical ICE model. And just aligning, pricing and schemes and things to what we believe works for us and the comments I made about market structure for the equities market apply to our views on all of our markets and how we think about rebates and market maker schemes and payment for order flow and limiting high-frequency traders to those that have meritorious behavior. And all of those kinds of things are kind of built into our thinking and are built into the ICE platform and so there's a lot going on right now around those products. It represents a huge opportunity for us, so we're quite focused on it. While I spent a large portion of my prepared remarks talking about the U.S. equity structure, that's largely because it's in the news. The reality is, as you know, it's not a particularly large business for us and we have incredible flexibility to try to make some changes to that business, because we have the opportunity of scale. And so we speak with one voice here and I think that's how you're going to see us operate in the interest rate complex, which I think is materially different than some of our peers and I think it will be well-received, frankly.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Neve, this is Jeff. Let me start. What we decided to do at -- in the cash equities and equity options business is to standardize on one lightweight, easily deployable and high-capacity platform. What the past management inherited at NYSE were 5 different exchanges that have 5 different platforms and they spent a significant amount of time and energy to get those platforms to work together as a single cohesive unit and they should be credited for that because they're 5 disparate systems. What we want to do now is just really take that to the next level, which is replace all of that with a single platform because the differences between market structures in those businesses are not great enough to warrant having different platforms. But there are, frankly, there are different features between different regulatory exchanges, largely revolve around maker-taker pricing and the way market makers are compensated. And again, owing to our earlier comments, we want to standardize that. We want to simplify that. We want to have a single, fast, lightweight platform that is reliable and so we're making a one-time investment. What will come out of that and we think is a great return on invested capital because we're going to so dramatically simplify things that will be able to shed a lot of excess complexity and things that add to decreasing reliability by the incumbent system. We've got that kind of DNA inside ICE. We started the company at the height of the Dotcom boom. We really believe in embracing low-cost hardware that is easily deployable and that has a lot of redundancy in its networking design. And so we're bringing that kind of mindset to this new product.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Neve, I think -- Jeff -- this is Jeff. I think, we're -- it's going to be one of those situations where shortly before we take the business to the public markets, we're going to look at the markets and look in the mirror and talk to our advisers and try to make the best decision on behalf of our shareholders, of what is the immediate benefit of exiting versus what is the longer-term economic benefit of keeping and what will the market allow us to do and we're just going to stick our finger in the wind and try to make the most informed decision that we can at that moment in time. So we're prepared for any eventuality. I mean, fortunately, Scott has done a very good job with the debt that we've been able to secure that gives us a lot of flexibility. And as you can see, we're generating a lot of cash that allows us to service that debt. So we have a lot of flexibility in looking at that market as we move into the IPO.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: This is Jeff. We don't really see that. I would -- at least, it's always hard to know why somebody trades, but honestly, it doesn't feel like that it's that correlated to the banks. The banks that we deal with, as I said in my prepared remarks, those that have separated themselves from some of their trading operations. Those trading operations have largely gone other places and continue to give us business and the banks still are facilitating a lot of customer business that they tend to have always done. The banks have never been a particularly large percentage of our commodity markets per se. And these are widely distributed markets that are global and it is interesting that we do still see growth coming out of Asia. That's why we want to own an exchange and clearing house in Singapore. And if you look at our energy business, amazingly, to me, our European energy business, what people think of as our historical European energy business, has less volume coming from the EU than it does from places outside the EU, as we sit here today. Its growth has been incredibly global and incredibly dispersed. So I think, U.S. natural gas was -- is really a weather-related issue. There are structural changes going on the gas market, but volumes, specifically tend to be somewhat volatility-related and gas oil we're changing the spec and so people are adjusting that. And the interest rate complex in the U.K. is waiting for the Bank of England and the U.K. economy, which we have cautious optimism has turned the corner and is improving and we'll start to put volatility in the rates business, so all those things feel like us -- like a spring that's coiled for upside, particularly when you lay over our open interest trends on it. And none of that has anything to do with the way banks are restructuring, in my mind.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: And maybe I should mention, this is Jeff. We're well along on how we're going to move to a more simple technology model inside NYSE and the related exchanges and we have a competitor that is going to be moving people on the new platforms and so we're looking at when we can move and the timing around that, so that we don't put the industry through too much stress. But we are making rapid progress that will allow us to both cut costs and simplify and grow that business. We believe that, I think it would be meaningful in the not-too-distant future, given the speed that we've been working. We didn't announce it, but we've been -- we've respectively been working on that platform since the first day that we acquired the company and things are going well in terms of how we've been able to organize and get ready to deploy that.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, I think to a certain degree, the exchanges are somewhat responsible for the fragmentation of the market by what was perceived as innovation with all these new order types and rates. And to me, it's not completely surprising that people wanted to flee those markets and trade elsewhere. Today, you have in the United States about 40% of the business that is not trading on exchanges and that's quite sad and it's definitely impacting in less liquid names. The price discovery process, you've got conversation about whether or not we should move to $0.05 pick sizes, whether we should do other kinds of stimulations to try to bring people back to some of the more illiquid names and the reality is, I think the easiest way to bring people back to transparent markets are to make it easy for them and simple for them to access those markets. And so, I think, whatever we would give up in some of the "innovative things" that we have at our exchange, we would more than make up in volume. Beyond that, what's saddening about the U.S. equity market is that when I go out and talk to my friends, they do not have confidence in those markets and that is a -- trying to take a bigger piece of a shrinking pie is a silly business, and we should all be trying in this industry to grow that pie. And yes, we can bang each other's heads and compete for pieces of pie, but the reality is, if you look at the quality of people that are writing algorithms, these people are literally some of the smartest people in the world and we, as an industry, have been deployed on trying to get pieces of a shrinking pie and it's just from a societal standpoint, it seems like a misallocation of resources. So I'm quite confident that we can simplify the model, make it easy to access, that it will grow because the markets were up over 30% last year in the United States and who wouldn't want to be 30% richer in their liquid net worth today? And if our entire U.S. pension obligation were levered against a 30% increase, we would be in a substantially better place than we are today for our retirees. So I think that, that thing can grow. But it's got to become simpler and easier to access and I think The New York Stock Exchange, as I said before, will get more than its fair share of the business. Until we get there, what we're seeing us do is investing and making it simpler, easier, smaller and less complicated and that is something that we control, and that's what we're doing and the small investment that we're making in that platform, we believe, will have, as I said, a very high return on invested capital as we simplify those companies.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: First of all, I'm smiling because you think about the name of that business in the same way I do, which is I don't understand it. It doesn't have a lot of brand equity and it's something that they were talking about. But beyond that, we never talk about the things that we're doing behind the scenes. We'll roll out our businesses when we think it's appropriate, but you can rest assure that we're looking for opportunities, talking to a lot of people and looking at the assets that we have in much of which in the way you're thinking about it. And what I wanted to talk about on the call today, were the things that the industry should be doing, but I don't necessarily want to preview the things that we're doing.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Thanks, Emily. I want to thank all of you for joining us on today's call, and we're continuing to move a lot of parts and pieces and advance our business, and we'll continue to upgrade -- update you on that progress on these initiatives as we move through the quarter. And thanks again for your participation today.
