Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Let me start and then I'm going to ask Scott to give you a little more detail behind the numbers. But when you step back, one of the changes that I've noticed at ICE is that when we acquired Creditex, Creditex had a platform that was once called T-Zero, today it's called ICE Connect that was connected to hundreds of buy-side participants. And we continue to grow that connectivity since we acquired the firm and used that to link the buy-side to our clearing houses. Then when we acquired SuperDerivatives and ultimately Interactive Data, we acquired sales teams that had even more connection to the buy side. And at the New York Stock Exchange every quarter we have large quarterly meetings with significant buy-side participants that I also attend, as well as many of my colleagues. And so long story short, what has gradually happened in our company is that we've been able to broaden our footprint and our touch-points to ultimate end users, and they are the ones that are really driving the growth of more screens and more consumption of information.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, thanks for the question. I think the point I really want to make is that we have a history of doing M&A deals, and we have a very strong history of delivering on whatever we say we're going to do at the outset, and that's an important metric that we have here on how we want to talk to our shareholders, partly why I think we've had permission from our shareholders to do M&A as that we've earned their trust that we will deliver what we say we're going to do and that they can count on it. And so, when we can't get visibility and don't have confidence, it makes it very, very hard for us to look our shareholders in the eye and suggest that we are going to deliver a specific amount of performance. And I don't have anything under the takeover code that's going to change that perception. It takes engagements in order to come to those kinds of determinations. And I'll just leave it at that.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. First of all, it's actually not unusual circumstances. The way the UK takeover works is that they have a period of time after closing to review a deal. So we fully expected that review, in the way the process works. And frankly, obviously, we're cooperating fully, and we believe that ultimately the CMA is not going to object to us owning Trayport in the way we operate it.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Well, first of all, I don't want to comment too much because they're going to go through a competition review that's going to open up a lot of opportunity for the entire market to comment on competition issues. And so I don't want to prejudge any of that. But with respect to their offering, it's been very unclear to us what is being offered. And so I don't know how to react to it. Let me just make one point of color about our company, unrelated to them. I want to be very clear, I'm talking about ICE. ICE operates clearing houses around the world. We operate largely on a common technology platform. We have global customers that we serve, and in many of our clearing houses we have highly similar or highly correlated products. If it was easy to figure out how to net that down, we would be doing it because we have every incentive in the world to offer the best offering that we can for our customer base. The reality is that in different jurisdictions there are different bankruptcy regimes and when we – just as we saw when MF Global collapsed, the way people were treated in the U.S. as soon as the court stepped in and the administers, and the way people were treated in our clearing houses outside the U.S., was very different, even though the products were similar, the customers were similar and the risks were similar. And so these things complicate the ability to do cross-border integrations. We continue to work on it. We've been actually working on that topic for years. Had lots of dialogue with regulators and customers on how it might be accomplished, but it is a very difficult problem to solve because at the end of the day, people don't want money in flight cross-border at the moment of bankruptcy, and regulators tend to come in and regulate locally during these moments of stress. And that's just a fact that all of us are trying to figure out how to work around.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: And on your question, I think you're market intelligence and feedback is spot on, which is at Interactive Data, they have various ranges of products and have various salespeople that specialize in those products, but they did not have an overall comprehensive way of touching customers. If you add that to ICE that has SuperDerivatives, that has people at the NYSE, that has other connectivity, has our ICE Link platform. We have people selling clearing and exchange data solutions. We also have all these various touch points. And so the real effort that's going on now is to bring everyone together, so that we have single points of contact for our large customers, so that they know how to get access to the entire suite of products that we have. And we can see already that that's just in the early stages and we can see already that just the work that we've done alone around IDC has improved our sales function, and has allowed our revenues to grow and we think it's only going to get better. It's a high priority for us because we really do believe that this company grows by having a close relationship to our customers because they end up giving us ideas and ask – tell us about their problems and give us an opportunity to create solutions that they will ultimately acquire from us. And so it's very, very high priority and it's the work that's going on right now. It's also part of why Scott was able to increase his synergy guidance because we really do believe we will have a much tighter integrated team as we go through this year.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: I think at the end of the day we have no idea. So, it's an easy answer to give you. It's their challenge to demonstrate why they should be allowed to merge and we'll be a passive audience in appreciating what they do.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Well, first of all, I'd note that we've been growing our interest rate futures business in Europe. I think it was 34% year-over-year. So that's a franchise that we continue to invest in and have had great results with. We compete with other people that have already offered the solution that you just described. And so we're already competing against that kind of offering. Just stepping back, if you say how many people in the world are there that have OTC interest rate swaps that are fully or largely offset with futures contracts; in other words, that they've completely hedged out their risk. The people that do that are not end users. The people that do that are dealers, people that are offering something to one party and then immediately hedging it out so that they take out risk. That dealer community is under pressure as you, I'm sure, know. It's been shrinking, if you look at announcements that are going on. And so, it's unclear that the paradigms of the past necessarily are going to be the paradigms of the future. And so we're trying to build out our franchise. We've launched a lot of new products to serve our customers, as we anticipate continual changes in the way that these financial businesses operate, but other than that, we're competing in that world today and we're doing really well.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Well, we've been living with – the whole industry has been living with the prospect of these rules being implemented now for many, many years. So we continue to get our businesses ready to be responsive to those rules. I think the way it impacts the entire market is that there is a goal to create more competition, which to you and I means, more fragmentation of markets. We also think that it will be very, very difficult and hard and very little incentive for any third party to start a major clearing house when the existing clearing houses have open access. So in an odd way, while it's meant to stimulate competition, it at the end of the day, probably entrenches the incumbents, including ICE who has a large clearing presence in Europe. So we continue to build out our capabilities inside that clearing house, to get ready for access. And we've continued to make sure that the ancillary services that we provide around the trading venues, where we do believe there will be fragmentation, offer a lot of capabilities to our end users. So you've seen us take on the ability to create more indices, improve our data offerings, improve the kind of consultative compliance services that we offer to our customers, we've worked hard on improving our delivery mechanisms for physical products and all those kinds of things, which will all largely become unbundled as the market fragments and create opportunities for us.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Well, we have best quarter in our history, so yes there is competition. But clearly, in terms of our ability to deliver financial results we're doing very, very well. We sit with record open interest in Brent as I mentioned. And so we have very high prospects for that franchise going forward. There are always going to be entrants to this business, as I think I've mentioned in other kinds of businesses, people have this figured out ways of expanding the market, that expansion, while it benefits them, also has side benefits, oftentimes that benefit us. And I think you're seeing that in the numbers. As fragmented markets in my mind are bad for end users, they are very good for intermediaries. They create much more arbitrage capability that brings a new kind of arbitrageur to the market that wants the leg in all of the various different venues, which drives volume. And so, ICE really doesn't care about market share. We really want to have people that want to value our services and pay us to provide them. And so that's the market that we focus on, which is a subset of what you're talking about, and we're doing really, really well in the market for people that want to pay for services and that's why we continue to grow.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: That's a really good question, and we've been involved in extensive dialogues with the ratings agencies over the past few months on exactly your point, which is, the business model that ICE had and the financial structure and capital structure that ICE had when we did the NYSE deal back in 2013 versus where we sit today in 2016 is very different. Pre-NYSE, 80% to 90% of our revenues were volume based. Post-NYSE, it was still 70% to 75%. We are now at a point where our annuity like businesses are about half our revenues, which introduces significant stability into the financial model. You saw the very strong cash flows in the first quarter. While you can't multiply that times four because it's got our annual listings billing in it, we clearly are on track to a number that's going to be around $2 billion of operating cash flows for the year, which you'll note is significantly above where we were the prior year. Our CapEx needs have grown slightly, and so even netting that out, our free cash flows are very significant. You saw in the quarter alone, we were able to knock three tenth of a point of leverage out in the first quarter. And so I think all of that summed up is why I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're now comfortable once we get below 2 times leverage, which we think we can do late this year or certainly early next year, we believe that will support our overall rating. And that rating is important to us, and so we're going to do the things that are necessary to support it. But as you mentioned, I don't think 1.5 times is that bogey anymore given what we've done. I think we could comfortably operate about 1.75 times, 1.80 times and again below 2 times I think we're back active looking at ways to return additional capital to our shareholders and we're looking forward to doing that.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Yes, I mean, I'll update you in the financial sense in that on a year-over-year basis that business contributed well in the quarter. We had seen good growth as we moved through the back half of last year, and the first quarter results were solid as well. It is still largely around the LIBOR business, but as we continue to build out ICE swap and the gold fix and other of those products, we would expect the contributions from the business to continue to improve as we move through this year.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, I wanted to first of all point out to you that the form and substance of the way we put that release out was really a relatively standardized form and the four points that you've outlined are really available to all participants generally in any UK takeover situation. So you shouldn't read anything into the fact that we mentioned those four in terms of trying to get in our heads on contemplating where we go from here. Those are all available to us and to anyone else in our position in other deals and we'll just have to see how life progresses, but don't read anything beyond the written words there into our actions.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Yes, so each of those – the acquisition of the business from S&P that you noted is, I think we discussed earlier, it's right now going through an anticipated competition review. We suspect it will work its way through this year, and remain confident that we get to closing around that timing. As we get closer to the end of the year, and the close of that deal, we'll be back to you to say a little bit more about what its contributions will be to our financial statements and how ultimately we'll fund it. You will likely have noted when we announced the deal that we noted that we had the flexibility to pay in either cash or stock at the time of the closing, obviously which we choose will depend on when the closing happens and what else happens between now and then.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Well, first of all, there are tremendous synergies across the range of businesses that we've acquired recently, and that's really what our plans call for us doing is unlocking those synergies – the revenue synergy opportunities across them. But just by way of example, we launched these new treasury indices at IDC, but we were able to develop those using a very strong team that we have at the NYSE that has very intimate relationships with large ETP and ETF providers. So we are able to very quickly have a dialogue with a unique customer base over their new product sets, their ideas and how they're going to grow that market and what capabilities we may have to support them that neither company as a standalone had on their own, and it was amazing that we were able to put that together within the first month or so of ownership and it's paying dividends. Obviously, we announced very quickly that BlackRock was moving some large ETP products on to those indices and now our team is out working with a lot of other providers and users of indices to advance and accelerate those products. I would just make the point to that much of this data revenue that we're talking about is subscription based, which gives Scott the ability to have great confidence when he tells you that it's going to grow at 6% to7% this year because many of those contracts are being signed or have already been signed, so we have tremendous visibility into them. Those tend to recur, so that's the nice thing about that model. So looking forward, we would hope that we're doing a good job with those customers that they will continue to re-sign with us. And meanwhile we take the products that we've developed out on the road and find new customers for them so that we can have growth on growth.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, you know that kind of intense competition has been in the market for a while and you can see the results that we posted, which is we're doing phenomenally well. When you step back and look at payment for order flow, while it became accepted within the intermediary community around the equities market, giving equity kickbacks to large institutions that have very strong brands and are trying to appeal to retail customers in an era where the SEC and the labor department and others are very concerned that retail investors be given good guidance as to how their money is being handled. It's a real reputational brand risk for somebody to step into that quagmire. It would beg the question, did somebody create a product simply to generate churn inside of it and get these equity kickbacks or was that really the best listing venue? What I will tell you is that all of us in financial services are under pressure by new regulation and also just best practices to make sure that we have no single point of failure in our businesses. And the big institutional investment firms are subject to those same kinds of reviews and pressure. So we expect that in that ETP, ETF market that people will, for diversity purposes, list across a range of venues. But it's not really economically driven. It's really diversity driven. We have such a strong offering with 92% of AUM at NYSE and you could see with – in the face of the pressure you talked about, 82% of the AUM that was listing in the first quarter came to us. The reason that that is such a strong venue is that we have very, very deep liquidity on the exchange, the NYSE Arca exchange where we list these platforms, market makers, infrastructures are rule set that really enables these innovative and fabulous listings to come to us and know that they have every opportunity for growth and success. NYSE is a brand that is known around the world, and we have been pass-ported into most countries, and so the platform that we can offer somebody in terms of distribution is really unparalleled. And it's those things that are driving the listings. I don't believe that payment for order flow is going to have a material impact on this business nor should it. And I also, as you probably know, think it's a corrosive mechanism that actually ultimately hurts markets and so hopefully I'm right and we won't see that corrode these really neat, innovative ETPs that are coming out.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Thank you, Rocco. I appreciate your help on the call. And thank you all for joining us today. We're going to look forward to updating you on our progress as we move through the balance of the year. Have a good day.
Scott A. Hill: And I think we tried in our data and listing segment to break out the revenue lines to give you a perspective along the lines of what Jeff described. If you noticed in the quarter, our desktops and connectivity revenues were up 3% and that's more people wanting to get connected to us and once they're connected to us that allows them to consume the data products that we're selling and the breadth of the offering that we've got continues to grow and then that translates up into what you saw in our pricing business that grew 6% and our exchange data business that grew 9%. I've talked to you over the years and I look at it every single month, what's going on with the number of users around our exchanges and that tends to be driven by what's going on in the oil markets or the commodity markets generally. And that line has continued to trend up, but now by being able to supplement that with the business that we bought at Interactive Data to offer more products through a seamless and secure connection, that combination gives us the confidence that the overall business will grow 6% to 7% for the year, which is an acceleration of what we've seen over the last year or so and also versus what we saw at Interactive Data in their history.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. That's a good question. There's a little bit of noise in the first quarter expense, so I appreciate you asking it. So, it's really driven by two things primarily, first of all, in the first quarter as I mentioned, we had the release of a non-income tax reserve of about $11 million, those happen from time to time. The size or timing is difficult to predict. So that's not something we would expect to repeat in the second quarter. And so that would cause a natural increase in SG&A quarter-to-quarter. And then the second part of it is what you mentioned, the compensation increases really don't kick in for us until March. And so effectively, in 2Q, 3Q and 4Q you get a full quarter versus one month and that would push comp up probably $9 million to $10 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And embed in there as well is an R&D tax credit that we had in the first quarter. So overall, those are really the two key drivers that move you up quarter-to-quarter. My expectation is, in the range, we'll probably be in the lower part of that range in the second quarter, and then we'll stay within that range trending slightly higher within it as we move through the rest of the year.
Scott A. Hill: So I'll be quick and then I'll hand it over to Jeff. The 6% to 7% is pro forma growth for the businesses we currently own. So it doesn't include any businesses that we will own in the future, and I'd also taken opportunity to repeat what I said on the last earnings call that, that 6% to 7% for the year will also reflect market data revenue that we anticipate will accelerate sequentially as we move through the year as well.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. What we said on the last call was that by the end of 2018 that we would be largely through the remaining $220 million of synergies that we had to go. That was the $150 million of IDC in the $70 million of NYSE. I'll note again what I said then, which is, what is IDC and what is ICE and what is NYSE, it continues to blur. So, we're really focused on delivering on that $220 million expense reduction, again largely accomplished by the end of 2018. We had mentioned last call $75 million of that would come out this year, we increased that now to $85 million to $90 million, and so our expectation to raise there. We announced that Ben Jackson has taken over as the Chief Commercial Officer and he and the teams have been in with IDC 24/7 over the last two or three months, once we closed the deal, and continue to make progress in identifying the specific actions to deliver the synergies this year. And they're working on building the 2017 execution plan as well. So, as we move through this year, as we get better visibility, we'll talk to about that. What I would simply conclude is, of the $220 million, by the end of 2018 we're going to get $85 million to $90 million this year and we're very confident that we will deliver on that objective over time.
Scott A. Hill: We have not. We continue to make those investments, and it's one of the reasons why we're confident in our ability to grow our data business 6% to 7% this year, because as we reduce expenses through synergies, it in no way impedes our ability to invest in future growth.
Scott A. Hill: And just adding slightly to that and touching on the end of your question, the thing that excites me about this is the 6% to 7% this year is really based on the strong performance of the individual parts. All of the effort to come together and to integrate and work together, as Jeff talked about, we'll get some that yield in the year, but it's really that's about what's going to enable us to grow in 2017 and 2018 and beyond. So that's why we've got confidence not just in the near term where the businesses are doing well this year, but in the longer term where we think as the companies come together the opportunities for growth will only expand.
