Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Why don't I move – I'll move geographically across the globe. So starting with the U.S., we've been participating in a number of panels and hearings and conversations that have been going on with the CFTC regarding the potential implementation of position limits and how those should go into markets. Particularly, we're concerned about how the commodity markets operate. I think you're aware that we built our business around the commercial users of hedging tools and commodities. And we are trying to make sure that those kinds of reliable and diligent people have access to markets so that they can use them to hedge and continue to manage risk in their businesses. I feel like that constituency is much more engaged now in this conversation and our regulators are listening and trying to find their way through that. So, honestly, we feel like there is a very good, healthy dialogue going on in the United States. And we feel like, as a company, we've positioned ourselves with the right group of customers to continue to grow as we have been through all phases of increased regulation in the United States. In Europe, you mentioned the equivalents conversation. We're deeply involved in the conversations on both sides of that. Publicly, the regulators have stated that they're moving closer to a deal. It looks like, to us, from basically everything we see, that they are working in earnest, that a deal is within sight. We think that they've done a very good job of gathering a lot of data, so that the policies that they implement will be data-driven, which has been important for us and we've participated in providing data and running analytics and scenarios so that people can be educated. So we feel good about the direction of that and have no reason to believe that they won't come to a deal as they – both sides have suggested they are moving towards. Based on our conversations, it looks like the areas that they're negotiating over would be helpful for the markets in that it will continue to allow for strong risk management but won't necessarily impede or significantly change the way people do business. Moving to Asia, we are anxious to launch our Singapore exchange in clearinghouse. We've done all the work that we've needed to do, put the staff in place, the systems in place, and are basically ready to go, but we really benefit as a company from being a global network, a global distribution, and our goal is to bring a lot of non-traditional global players to Singapore to do business. And so, it's taken our customers longer to get set up than we anticipated. We don't want to launch the exchange until major customers can have access. We think the best – it was in our best interest to slow down and give our customers a chance to catch up to us, and so we're now planning that in the fourth quarter of this year we think there'll be significant mindshare there around the exchange that will allow us to have a successful launch. That's kind of the lay of the land, it's all work in progress but broadly speaking a lot of really good healthy dialog going on across the world as regulators are struggling to implement a lot of new rule changes but do it in a way that's consistent globally and also that doesn't impede people that are trying to use the markets in healthy ways.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Really, as managers, our hope is that we have a successful launch. We have a handful of products that we have talked to a lot of customers about in Asia that they want to trade, and we want to have a successful launch of the exchange, get people used to using the exchange in clearing house, get the connectivity around it and so – and be able then to plug that into our global distribution network. And the goal is to just have this nice, successful launch because we have the intention of launching a lot of new products and there's a lot of demand coming from our Asian customers for new products in the region. So what you see us doing is trying to find a couple of products that we think will have appeal, that the appeal will be broad enough that it will bring global distribution to Asia. But, the real intent there is not that any one of those things is necessarily a homerun, we want to have a solid start to the business because we do intend to continue to invest in there and there really does seem to be strong demand for trading in the region.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Yeah. That's a really good question, Ken. And really our willingness to commit that we'll be over $100 million for the year is based on customer feedbacks. We're seeing a lot of positive momentum now with buyside customers in particular and single-names and importantly in advance of any mandate. I mean, we've got mandates from the CFTC on indexes, but we don't have mandates in single-name and that notwithstanding we're seeing growth in interest because I think there is a view that for the market to really succeed, clearing is an important element of that. And so you've seen a couple buyside firms that have written about that, we have the most comprehensive offering of single-name products, the most comprehensive offering of sovereign names, have talked – talked about our intention during the second half to launch the U.K., France and Germany sovereign names. So I'm encouraged by the product launches that we have in front of us, the buy-side customer feedback that we're getting and just the nature of the business that we've built which I think provides not only a foundation for us to do well the rest of this year but to continue to grow out into 2016 and 2017.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. So I think the trend that we see and that we saw and have moved towards is this demand for more and more data. We all know, all of us that follow this industry saw the emergence of algorithmic traders that were consuming a lot of data and then figuring out very quickly how to place trades, well that kind of an analytics is now making its way on to desktops and into buyside firms and people now are increasingly having the capability to handle a lot of data and to analyze it and to find trends or other opportunities or to use it for risk management and hedging activities in this dataset. And one of the things that has the nice luxuries of the company that we've built is that we've now moved into multiple asset classes as you've seen, including over-the-counter products, listed commodities and listed derivatives and now equities and equity options, and we've done that globally. And so we have quite a package of data and are able to put things together in interesting ways to help serve the needs of our customers. And so, when we were a small company our data wasn't this rich and honestly we didn't have as deep of appreciation as how data was going to be consumed as we do today. So what you've seen us do is put Lynn Martin now in charge of a new data operation to organize across all of our businesses to gather data, and it's paying dividends. Like Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks that revenues were up 20% in that area which is – or 20% across our fixed businesses and 29% in data, which is an interesting place for us to position the company, it's why Scott and I both mentioned in our prepared remarks. We think we're just scratching the surface. We just are integrating these businesses, we just put Lynn as an executive to oversee the integration and so we have strong appetite, we think, to continue to grow these businesses.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, you're right in that. We've taken a lot of costs out of the business and we've been able to do that because we're a larger organization that can lever off of other businesses. And there's more to go there. We still haven't put our technology in place, we're making large investments in the way we oversee our markets and compliance and other tools that we think will really make us a better compliance organization and more efficient. So there's still a lot to go there on the expense side, but we've really been growing revenues. And this idea that we had in simplifying markets we now want to simplify technology, we are really – have a new team in place that's really pursuing a lot of listings and the top-line is growing. And we think the trends are in our favor. We're going to put a mid-day auction in, the SEC has worked with us on a tick pilot that's going to go into place that's going to test various market models around the listed business. And we see potential upside in all of that. The other thing that happens, Rich, is that, what, the exhaust of the New York Stock Exchange is a pretty rich dataset. And that dataset is something, along with the Safety network that we inherited with that, is something that we've now been exploiting to add to it and enrich it with other data. And so, we think that we will be able to grow the top-line of that business when you look at it collectively for years to come.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Oh yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. And we don't see right now any limitations. And the levers that we're pulling seem to be working and the trends, really. All things being equal, we really believe that buyers are looking for sellers and sellers are looking for buyers, and that markets don't want to be fragmented. The fragmentation comes when there's payment for order flow where intermediaries are incented to do something on their personal behalf, and less so on their customer behalf. Where algorithmic traders benefit from the fragmentation, where corporate traders may not have balance sheet attached to their – the use of the corporate balance sheet attached to their pay. And so they are looking for economic incentives and will actually trade slightly off-market in order to lower execution costs, if you will, that they get paid against. And so you have a lot of disincentives in the markets that have caused a lot of fragmentation, and as there's more regulation, as there's more focus on the bottom-line, as people are really having a really healthy debate about the fiduciary responsibility of exchanges and brokers and intermediaries, those trends are allowing what the natural market wants, which is for buyers to find sellers and for these things to come back to more organized listed venues. And we've seen that trend. I'd like to say that everything we're doing has caused it, but it's not, that is not the cause. There is a macro trend in place that we're moving the business into.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, there's definitely a lot of opportunities available for M&A in the market. We see it – similarly, there's a lot of private equity firms that are coming to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and some of those companies are not really ready for listing and those private equity firms have been looking to sell them privately. So we see activity on both sides. Nothing has changed for us. We are driven by return on invested capital metrics and where we can place our money so that it has the highest return for shareholders, as part of that graph that we have shown, which is we like to buy businesses, not to own them but where we think we can transform them because of the unique nature of the network we've put together. And so they become high value, high return on invested capital businesses for us, so we'll always look at things like that, but we weigh them against the other opportunities we have in the way we can return capital to shareholders or reinvest in organic growth. And I would say nothing has changed other than it does seem like there's a lot of private equity-based companies around that are looking for new owners both in the public and private markets.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. So let me answer the second part first, which is the move away from us is immaterial to us. And the reason that that happened is really the first part of your question, which is what we found in marketing the Russell complex was that the natural hedging user, which is always our target customer, is a large institutional buyside or smaller – medium institutional buyside that has a mid-cap or small-cap U.S. portfolio that wants to hedge that. What we found is very strong competition from our competitor who was marketing to that same asset base, the use of the S&P 500 as the hedging instrument. And the Russell indices and the S&P 500 had become very highly correlated, and so there was very robust competition. The deal we struck had the cost of that marketing borne by us and over time we had been putting in more and more market making programs and other incentives to try to attract liquidity that was lowering our rate per contract and lowering the take that ICE got out of that deal. And so, it is now moving to that competitor, it's going into a vertical, it's going to be exclusive and basically the market's going to be carved up by the index providers and their distributor on those economics. We understand why they would want to do that. It's not material, the loss is not material to us. The thing we find incongruous, however, is claims that somehow that that is pro-competition or somehow this is open access, when in reality it's exactly the opposite. It's a market carve up putting all those in one place and have the economics split between people. A similar thing has happened with respect to the equity side of the Russell business which has moved exclusively recently to CBOE. Again, CBOE being a person that – an equity options exchange that puts out unique content, has been very successful in its unique content. And a decision made to put all that together in a vertical and carve up the economics.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Yeah, it's interesting, well I think the major trend that you'll see is that open interest is moved higher and is up at record levels and so there is a lot of interest in those markets. I think a lot of lay people think, oh, if the price is going down then nobody is interested in using it for hedging, but the reality is people that buy oil want to try to buy it at a low price and lock in low prices. And so these are two-sided markets and there's always one side that's interested in whatever the trend is, up or down, and that's how ultimately we would make a market. So, we still are very focused on commercial users. You'll see in the commitment of trader reports that we file publicly that we continue to see very, very strong commercial interest in the oil markets. We have a large – we talk a lot about Brent because it's our flagship and it's now become a regulated benchmark, and has become a global benchmark. But, we have many, many other oil products, including gasoil. Gasoil, you may recall, we changed the specifications to make it closer to diesel fuel. And we also changed the settlement date on that. And so we had a lot of movement around gasoil. And that happened over the last 18 months or so. That's all in place now and what you're seeing is volumes of gasoil trading have also been rising now that that contract has landed on its ultimate design. So, we feel pretty good about that business from all of, long-term, from all of those trends that we're seeing.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, first of all, I think maybe implicit in your question is the notion that our data is the data that is the obvious data, which is the output of trading. But, the other thing that we believe that we have that is unique content that has yet to have been developed. Because of our broad relationship with a lot of companies and the way we touch them, there is a lot of, let's say, non-trade data that we collect through the various ways we touch our customers than can be organized up and potentially have value back into the market. And we are building through the team that we have at SuperDerivatives more predictive capabilities and analytical capabilities to take all of that rich dataset and put it into context. And we think that would, sort of, be the next leg up. Couple that with the fact that we made a decision, we didn't talk a lot about it at the time but we made a decision when we spun off a lot of the NYSE technology businesses to actually keep the network that's called Safety so that we have better distribution into our client base, and more importantly in a world where people are concerned about security, and we are hyper-concerned about security, we think that the trends on the way data is delivered are going to move towards very, very highly secured relationships between us and our customers and we've got this great infrastructure to do that. So, all of those are more than just selling the trade data, the exhaust that comes out of it; exchanges and all of the things that I mentioned as growth opportunities are quite high value and there are things that when we talked to customers increasingly they are telling us that they are willing to pay for those.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: First of all we do have an FX franchise and we have the dollar index and I would just mention that RMB is not a part of the dollar index. It's been a conversation we've had for a couple years, but – so, with respect to FX it's had no real impact on us. That's China FX that has no real impact on us. Our China strategy is we want to open an exchange and clearing house in Singapore. Honestly, we don't have a – it is a very hard nut to crack in financial services. The government there has made it very clear that they're going to control access to markets in and out, and so what we want to do is be positioned in the region. And having – we are in constant dialogs over there. We have an office in China and colleagues that are working on improving our position every day, but it is a difficult area to penetrate in the financial services space and personally I understand why that is and don't begrudge their government for wanting to have controls over that as they move their population into the middle-class. So in any event, long story short, this Singapore launch for us is strategic and important.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, thank you, Keith, and thank you all for joining us on the call. We'll continue to report on our future results in future calls like this. And have a good day.
Scott A. Hill: No. I think, Mike, we continue to make very good progress on the projects that made us that $550 million of synergies. As I mentioned the performance in the quarter really reflects an acceleration of those synergies and the efforts around it. So I feel good about the projects we've identified, I feel good about the progress that we're making, and we continue to be very focused not just on the synergies but on expense management generally.
Scott A. Hill: And I won $10, Rich, that you called me out on my guidance being a little off. The point I've made is the – it's an expansive business that Lynn is running. It's through traditional data services that ICE has had where we sold data in the back offices that allow them to mark their books. The Safety business at NYSE that Jeff talked about in his prepared remarks where people want to get connectivity into our exchange, it's direct connect into ICE's exchanges. And so there are a number of pieces that move around, the overall visibility is good not perfect. My expectation is the data services revenues are going to grow strongly every single quarter. Sequentially, I still think a relatively accurate projection for the year is that 3Q and 4Q look like 2Q. Could it be a couple of million higher in those some of those quarters based on the more connections or greater data sales or continued customer growth or SuperDerivatives' performance? It could be. I think that's the conservative assumption. I think the more important point versus what do we think about the third quarter or the fourth quarter is what do we think long-term, and this is a growth business for us. And it's a significant growth opportunity for us as you move into 2016 and then out into 2017.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. I mean, not a lot that we put out publicly on that, but what I can tell you is similar to what I said in the first quarter. We saw a lot of growth in the energy space in particular and, more narrowly, interest in oil markets, which is not surprising if you look at what's happening. There's a lot of growth in the world in oil, a lot of new sources of oil, a lot of discussion around the oil markets, and so that's an area where we've seen a significant growth in the number of customers. And then the other thing I mentioned earlier is it's not just an interest in the data, but we're seeing more customers grow. I forget what the number was, but I think we were up something like 30% in terms of people who are buying access to our exchanges. And so, it's growth in data consumption in energy, it's growth in connectivity in energy, and then, as Jeff alluded to, there's a lot of valuable information at the New York Stock Exchange as well, and we continue to see more customers who are interested in consuming that data. So it's across the business.
Scott A. Hill: And just extending that point, in the first slide in the appendix we do put out each quarter what our return on invested capital is. And as I said, I thought we'd be by the end of the year, we're now back at 8% and it's above our cost of capital. So just to build on Jeff's point, we do focus on return on invested capital as we think about investments, as we think about synergies in the businesses we buy and the integration plans for those acquisitions. I think that's an important milestone. The ROIC for our company remains above that of our closer competitors, and more importantly it's back above cost of capital which means every day we come to work we're creating value for shareholders.
Scott A. Hill: As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our leverage target is still 1.5 times. I think that's where – we'll need to be around that in order to maintain the current rating we have, which is important to us as clearing house operators. I also mentioned that we will maintain about a $500 million cash balance. After that it's our intention, as I said in our prepared remarks, is to continue to return cash to shareholders as we have been doing. If you look, I think it was slide 15 in the deck, we've already returned almost $600 million this year, that's versus around $900 million for the full-year last year. We've, as you mentioned, been very consistent in buying back our shares because I think it clearly expresses the view that we think that is the best investment and the best use of our capital and we've grown our dividend. So I think what you should continue to expect is other than CapEx and to the extent we find M&A that generates higher return on invested capital, we're going to continue to deploy our cash strongly towards share repurchases and dividends.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. I think what's really important is to focus on our overall expense trajectory and the margin expansion that you're seeing. We're three years removed almost from announcing the deal, almost two years removed from closing the deal. In the intervening period of the time, we bought four new businesses, we've invested in growing organically our internal businesses. So we're really very focused on our overall expense trajectory. Inside that, we are well on track towards our synergy objectives. As I said in the quarter, you mentioned that it was going to decelerate over the course of the year, but synergies actually accelerated into the second quarter, and so if you look at the guidance relatively, we're now at or likely, slightly below our full-year guidance. If you'd taken the mid-point of our original guidance, it was down 3%. We're now down 4%, and that's against the backdrop of growing revenues. The other thing, I think, that's important is we just don't manage expenses through synergies. We manage expenses across all of our businesses. And so as we move forward, we're going to be really focused on what is the net trajectory of our overall expenses. We expect those expenses to continue to improve, which will allow margins to continue to expand. And I think the real visibility to our progress is going to be found in the margin expansion, which, as I mentioned, in the quarter, 6 points up year-to-year to 59%; right on track, frankly, to where we thought we'd be a couple years ago.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. Again, I think we gave pretty clear guidance on where we thought third quarter and fourth quarter would be. I definitely think the trends are positive because embedded in that guidance, frankly, are investments to enable, as Jeff said earlier, improvements in our compliance functions and the efficiency of that organization. It's investments that are necessary to integrate our SuperDerivatives acquisition, our Holland Clearing House acquisition, so despite those investments, which are reflected in the third quarter and fourth quarter guidance, the expenses will be down year-to-year. And then once those investments are made, we'll realize the benefit of them as we move into 2016.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. So we gave guidance at the beginning of the year that I think was we expected our acquisition to be $50 million to $55 million in revenues. And that was largely SuperDerivatives and that was incremental revenue. And I think we're largely right on track to that. And what I would suggest to you is that's not inconsistent with their prior year performance. I do expect as we move into 2016 that that business can grow for us, because what we're doing right now is we're really integrating it, we're leveraging their resources to help us build out our clearing offerings. And so, I think as we get that business more integrated, invest in resources to expand it, it will certainly contribute to growth as it moves into 2016. So, I'd characterize SuperDerivatives as pretty much on track to what we thought it would be this year and definitely a growth opportunity in the next year. And look, ICE Benchmark Administration is still a relatively new business. We've just recently kicked off the Gold Fix, the ICE swap rate is still relatively new. And so I definitely do that business – it's certainly already contributing this year, but I do think it's a business that can grow next year and we're making significant investments in that business to help it grow as we move into the future.
Scott A. Hill: We haven't disclosed what the dollar amounts are. I don't want to be trite and tell you it means we get to keep 100% of it, but that's really effectively, we've moved from getting 84% to 100%. It's not, in the scheme of things, it's not a huge amount. For that business, it's important, because what we've seen, you've seen us walk away from volumes that aren't helping to deliver profit to the bottom-line. There has been some impacts around some of those volumes as we worked our way through that Amex partnership. I think now what you saw in the first quarter and in the second quarter you see it even more clearly share seems to have stabilized, it was actually a little bit better in July versus what we saw in the second quarter. So, generally, with that business, what we're seeing is stable share, relatively stable rate capture, and as we've bought back that profit, an improving profitability to the business overall.
