Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Very good question. So let me start maybe with the options business first. We have, in a very disciplined way, decided to not participate in options volume that does not earn a return for the company. And so people love to talk about market share, but I ended on Slide 15 where we talk about earnings per share growth for our shareholders. And so we are very -- in a very calculated manner, trying to raise the operational performance of the NYSE and its related businesses by curating what we do there. So the fact that we send uncompetitive business to our competitors is to not concern our shareholders, they should be happy. And let's let those competitors have the bragging rights if they have a lot of market share, but there isn't a lot of income to go along with some of that business. With respect to ETFs and the trading of stocks, we're investing heavily in the New York Stock Exchange. We think that there's an incredible opportunity for return on invested capital above our costs by putting money in there. We have actually opened a new trading floor on the New York Stock Exchange, which I don't think people are aware of. People like to talk about us selling the business or closing the floor. We've actually put more money down there. We've invested in the infrastructure of our building. We're investing in advocacy for -- on behalf of listed companies, organized events for listed companies, marketing for us and listed companies. And what you've seen is, as a result of that, we've really been able to grow our listings business, both in companies going public and ETFs. We find that there are -- that companies want to affiliate with us. They want to be part of that organization. They want to identify with our brand. They want to take that globally. And so I just continue to see opportunities to invest. We are the premium brand around the world for capital raising, and we prove it quarter-after-quarter since we've owned this company. The fact that somebody wants to go start a discount franchise and what I view as tarnish brands and not earn income for their shareholders the way we want to do above our cost of capital, it's fine, and it's business. But that -- we're happy to have that kind of competition. I don't fear it. I welcome it. And by the way, Ken, I rarely welcome any kind of competition. And so I truly mean that.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, I think we're simultaneously spending a fair amount of time both in Europe and the U.S. The EMIR and MIFID laws have been passed, but the details have not been promulgated. And in the U.S., Dodd-Frank has been passed, but all the details have not been promulgated. And the biggest issue for us is making sure that the Western regulators move somewhat in concert with each other and not create regulatory arbitrage or barriers to business. Now as you know, we've invested regionally in order to have infrastructure in case that were to happen. And we think that was a prudent way to place the company so that we can grow regardless. But that being said, it's really, really important to us that we see regulation move together. So we moved back and forth between the 2 continents, providing data and details that we hope regulators will take under their wing. I will tell you that we see tremendous dialogue and conversation at the top levels of government in the U.K., Continental Europe and the U.S. to try to move together. So this is something that is top-of-mind for senior people in government. And we're trying to create a supportive role to point out various details with the policies that they're thinking about. I think we've been very successful. There are others doing this. There's -- it's kind of an industry collaboration in many regards. But I would tell you that we feel much better about the state of play on this earnings call than we felt on past earnings calls because we really see attempts by regulators to make this happen in a cohesive and organized manner.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Look, I'll take the first half of that question. Actually, we really do see a lot of meetings going on, and we've been providing a lot of collateral material, background information, hard data to the U.S. and European regulators and politicians. And it does feel like -- and you've probably seen press reports if you follow this area that suggest that these guys are very close to trying to find a way to harmonize and, in fact, do it in a way that is relatively similar, not just somewhat equivalent but really trying to get rid of loopholes so that the Western countries can set an example for the rest of the world on how to bring regulation together. So we are cautiously optimistic that the landscape is unfolding in a way that is beneficial to our customers and their ability to do business around the world. Let me ask Scott, who oversees our clearing operations, to take the second half of that.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a good question. So I think Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks that our view is that as we grow the earnings of the company, we should be growing the dividend. And if we're doing a good job as managers, we will constantly be growing earnings, and we will constantly be growing the dividend. And we've just sort of gotten started, if you will, as being a dividend-paying company. And we're proud of the fact that we've pretty quickly now started to increase the dividend. In terms of how we allocate capital, which is really at the root of your question, we think our buying back our stock right now is the best opportunity for growth for our shareholders. I mean, if you look at ICE this quarter, we did $850 million in revenues. Our nearest competitor did $843 million. So we virtually sat on top of each other. Our competitor in earnings did something like $330 million, but there was $10 million of FX in there. So for talking purposes, let me call it $320 million. And we did $315 million, virtually sitting right on top of each other. Our nearest competitor grew 15%. We grew 26%. And we see a pathway for continued growth that is much easier for us than for our competitor. Yet our stock trades at a P/E or PEG ratio discount to the -- to our competitors. So it looks to us like our stock is a very good buy. That's what our internal analysis shows. We have other competitors that are actually x growth that have a higher P/E. We have people that are in our space that operate businesses that are simply execution platforms with complete -- fungible clearing that trade at a higher P/E. And yet we are -- you can look at Slide 15 and see we are a growth company, and we don't think that our stock is priced accordingly, and so we're buying it back. And I think long term, we'll be proven to be right on that. And so it's made the decision that you've asked about inside the boardroom relatively easy on how we bias our capital spending right now.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Really, the backdrop is going back to the earlier question that Scott fielded. The capital rules on banks and clearers are -- and now increasingly on our customers through the margins that are being charged -- are pretty significant. And by regulation in U.S. and in Europe and Asia, illiquid swaps contracts have to have a clearinghouse assume a 5-day liquidation period. So there's a 5-day -- the mathematical models have a 5-day holding period. Liquid futures contracts are 1-day gross or 2-day net, something in that range. And so to the extent that we can take the liquid part of what exists in the swaps market and make it trade as liquid futures, it will be much cheaper, much less capital tied up in the industry. And that's why people are looking at this and thinking about it. We're very, very early days right now. We have a lot of work to do with the industry to get that futures contract distributed through the desktops and the back-office systems that swap traders historically use. And there's a big industry push and conversation going on about getting this particular contract listed. This one has much more interest in it than when we tried it 2 years ago. And I think the environment has moved forward, these capital pressures have moved forward, and the design of the contract is one that people understand better than what we tried before. So we're cautiously optimistic. It's early days, but the underlying business case for the standardization of the liquid part of the swaps curve is there.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, Rich. We -- Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks, hopefully, it didn't go unnoticed, that we are amazed that we've had hundreds of new users come to our dataset. This is a real growth story for us, and it's happened quite quickly. Our team has done a really good job out in the field, bringing our data to new customers. And the pipeline for listings looks really strong for the next -- the visibility we have into the rest of the year. So we feel pretty good about true growth coming from new users.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, it's a good question. First of all, I'm not sure that a shift to the U.S. is in our benefit. We are very, very well positioned in Europe and are making real investments there to take advantage of changes that are going on. So there may be slightly different models in different regions, but we want to maximize our profitability in each of those regions. The other interesting thing that really, it's a follow-on to what you mentioned that you've been seeing is there's also a lot of capital moving towards Asia. I mean, you see it in the demand right now for the linkage between the Hong Kong Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange in equities. But there is capital flowing towards Asia for commodities, derivatives and other things. So it's very, very hard for us to predict where the markets will go. Right after Dodd-Frank passed, if you were to listen to the conversation, you would have thought people were going to leave the U.S. because they didn't like Dodd-Frank. Now we see this opposite impact where people are moving business to the U.S. and seem to be more comfortable with Dodd-Frank. There are still parts of regulations like -- that affect our customers like position limits and additional capital rules and other things that are yet to be promulgated. So this may be temporary. We don't know. That's why we basically wanted to be pretty diverse, and that's why I feel very good that we've got the right tools to continue our -- on our earnings growth trajectory because we're very well positioned in each of these venues.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes. It's mostly Europe although the interest level of -- as capital is deployed looking for natural gas around the world, it seems to be moving away from the U.S. towards other areas. And the big global companies that we're very close to are looking all around the world. So at this point, it tends to be parts of Europe, but I -- we're really setting the company up to be a global gas franchise.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: And Alex, maybe to get at the root of your question a little more, we saw hundreds of new users in the -- just in the commodity space. We have a much better offering now where we can go to commodity traders and offer a wider suite of data that takes in data that we've got through SuperDerivatives and through NYSE and Liffe but targeted towards commodity traders. And so there is real growth. And the idea that we have, which is we could become a better data company, have been playing out in the usage.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: And Alex, the -- we have really become known for delivering good technology. Chuck Vice, our President, and his team are driving a lot of change inside the NYSE. I mentioned in my remarks that we're moving from 5 trading platforms to 1, our new Pillar system. That will be cost savings. We are building new state-of-the-art compliance and oversight systems using our heavy technology investment in bringing then FINRA-type services in-house where I think we're going to provide much higher-quality, more real-time services at lower cost. And I think you'll see us continue and we are continuing to invest in the technology around our listings systems and the way we talk to our listed companies. So all of that technology spend will ultimately simplify that business and allow us to deliver higher-quality services at lower costs. So really good return on invested capital there that you'll see as we go through '16, I believe.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes. Look, it's difficult to project margin because implicit in that is a projection on revenues. But I think if you look back at what we told you, and again, I appreciate that there's been the reporting change. But add 3 points to that chart in each period, and you're right around where that trend would be. If you look at where we are in the first quarter, again, on strong revenues, we're ahead of that trend. If you look over the course of the year, I think we're tracking right where we thought we would in terms of margin expansion. We do believe that the business can continue to track ahead as we take costs out, as we grow the top line. So again, I'm not going to predict margins 1 quarter out, 3 quarters, 2 years out. But we're on the right trend. We're seeing the expansion we expected. And I absolutely think there's an expectation that margins will continue to expand, and no reason to think we can't get back to levels similar to what we had before the NYSE deal.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, thank you, all, for joining us. And we look forward to continuing to speak with you throughout the quarter, and have a good day.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. With regards to Basel and the capital rules more generally, there's no question that the financial institutions, the clearing members that are part of our clearinghouses are under an immense amount of pressure from all of the various capital rules. And that's one of the reasons why you see us continuing to work on things like portfolio margining at our CDS clearinghouse, offering new products at all of our clearinghouses, whether it's interest rates or energy, trying to generate capital efficiencies. It's one of the reasons why we've been out publicly, saying that we would contemplate adding more skin in the game because that is a way of reducing some of the capital pressures on the banks. Historically, one of the reasons why ICE has been successful is we worked with our customers to understand their pain points and to try and come up with solutions to alleviate that pain. And the capital restrictions are one of them. You mentioned Basel specifically. It's somewhat counterintuitively, the Basel rule around capital in Europe is interpreted that the margin that the clearing members collect from their end customers is not risk-reducing. And in fact, in the U.S., that rule has been interpreted that it's actually risk-increasing and ignores the fact that those margins are passed straight through to the clearinghouse, and the banks really can't leverage them in any way. So we're participating, along with the clearing members, in the dialogue with the regulators, as Jeff said earlier, to make sure that we do get to a more rational place in terms of the rules. We all understand that the capital requirements are going up, not just for the financial institutions but for our clearinghouses as well. We now have around $600 million of regulatory capital and skin in the game, largely associated with the clearinghouses. But capital constraints are definitely an issue with the clearing members, and we're spending a lot of time with them and regulators, trying to get that to a better place.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. I'm not going to break down the bits and pieces too much, Rich. But I'll help a little bit on the trend. We had guided at the end of last year that data revenues and listings revenues were going to be strong. We expected to come out of the gate strong as we did in the first quarter. And frankly, as I look to the rest of the year, I think the second, third, fourth quarter are going to look a lot like the first quarter. And if you look on a year-over-year basis, that's going to mean solid year-over-year growth in listings and data every single quarter the rest of the year.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. So I'll take exception to the flattish. So what I'm suggesting is that hundreds of new users, ICE Benchmark, SuperDerivatives, all of those things contributed to a really strong first quarter and will continue to contribute as we move through the year. So if you look at each of the quarters, even at current first quarter levels through the rest of the year, that's very solid year-over-year revenue growth, right in line with the guidance that we gave on our last earnings call. Clearly, ICE Benchmark Administration is in early days. And so we would fully expect that business to contribute more as we move through the year. The user growth that we've seen, that's in the first quarter numbers and reflected and will continue to flow through as revenue as we move through the year. SuperDerivatives, again, fully embedded, full quarter in the first quarter, will continue to flow through during the year. So what I'm suggesting is a constant trend through the year with significant year-over-year increases. Again, just do the math based on what we had for data last year and listings last year, relative to what we had in terms of absolute revenues in the first quarter.
Scott A. Hill: I feel really good about the integration. I mean, look at the first quarter. Expenses are down 4%, and that's despite the fact that we added 300 employees through the acquisition of SuperDerivatives and Holland Clearing House and the other businesses we acquired. Compensation despite that was down 2% year-over-year. Professional services, down 40% year-over-year. Margins at 60%, which I'll grant you is on a very strong revenue quarter, that notwithstanding revenues grow 7%, expenses come down 4%. All of that's enabled because of the tremendous progress that we've made in our overall integration efforts. It -- I think what gets taken for granted a little bit is that the fourth quarter was well under where we had guided because we had accelerated those synergies in. And we saw continued reduction if you look 4Q to 1Q in terms of the expense performance. So I think the margin expansion that you're seeing, I think the expense trends that you're seeing, all of those are reflective of the strong integration that's occurred thus far, and there'll be more to come as we move through the year. I mean, expenses will be relatively consistent as you move to 2Q and 3Q. But then as you move into 4Q, some of the initiatives we've got going around real estate and some additional corporate function integration that we're working our way through, you'll start see the expenses come down a little bit again as we get towards the end of the year and as we move through into next year.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. No, good -- yes. So the $500 million, Dan, what we've historically said is we'd be somewhere in the $500 million to $600 million range. I think as our capital structure continues to improve, as our access to debt markets continues to improve, that we've come to the determination that the lower end of that range is where we can comfortably manage from a cash balance. So in the range but on the lower end. In terms of the overall M&A environment and how we think about it, it's not too different. Jeff, in his prepared remarks and in an earlier Q&A, really hit on the key for us, which is we continue to focus on opportunities for growth. M&A enables that, but we only are willing to look at deals where we can generate returns on invested capital that are above our cost of capital. Just to give you a sense, if you -- our projection of where we will be by the time we get to the end of this year is we'll have our returns on invested capital back above our cost of capital, and that's going to be within 2 years of closing the NYSE deal. When you consider the size of that acquisition, that's a pretty quick turnaround. You look at other competitors in the space that have spent a similar amount on acquisitions that have the return above -- invested capital above their cost of capital ever, and we're going to be back there by the end of this year. So that's how we think about M&A. Do the deals generate growth? But more importantly, do they generate, to Jeff's last chart, growth in earnings? And to the extent they do, do they generate returns on invested capital above cost of capital? That's the objective. In terms of the environment and how much time we spend, it's pretty consistent. Again, we constantly look at new opportunities for growth, whether it's a small deal like YellowJacket years ago to get into options technology, a transformative deal like the New York Stock Exchange to move into the interest rate business. We look at a range of deals all the time and go through it in a very disciplined manner to make sure it's a strategic fit, and it's a financial -- it's attractive financially.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. Look, right now, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're -- we feel very good about where we've gotten in a very short amount of time. We've got a very strong cash balance. Our leverage at 1.6x is effectively where we expect it to be. We have the flexibility now with our access to debt markets that we don't need to build up cash in order to do a deal or to pay a dividend. And so again, I think as is typically the case, what you should expect of us going forward is what you've seen from us historically. We're going to allocate capital as we said. We've grown our dividend now. We will continue to grow it. When we grow, we have continued to buy back shares. If you look historically, we've bought back pretty opportunistically. Here, you'll note that it's been a pretty consistent amount because as Jeff said, the share price, where it is right now makes a lot of sense to us as a high return on investment. And so I don't think you're going to see us lever up to go and accelerate anything. I think again, what you ought to expect from us is consistency in terms of what you've seen in the recent quarters and in terms of our forward guidance on the dividend and the increase of 15% there.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. I think it's way too early to make that call. I think at the end of the day, as Jeff alluded to, one of the things that we've really focused on historically as a business is building a geographically diverse business. And so we are investing in Europe. We bought the Holland Clearing House on the continent. We're investing in Singapore where we'll be launching an exchange and clearinghouse later this year. And so I think ultimately, we've done well by being geographically diverse. We've done well by understanding where regulations are going and listening to our customers in terms of where their preferences are. And so we continue to look globally at M&A. And I don't think there's any single piece of legislation or rule or regulation that, at least as we look at the landscape, would suggest to us that there's any geography that wouldn't be a prudent opportunity for investment, particularly in Europe. And again, I point to the Holland Clearing House that we just recently did.
Scott A. Hill: No. It is largely mix and customers. And again, you kind of -- you have to peel back the onion a little bit. If you look in energy, clearly, the strength of Brent has been helping RPC in terms of energy. If you look at the agricultural market, more recently, particularly you've seen a lot of strength in the sugar markets, and our ag markets are still very much commercially oriented, the OI is building, which suggests that the commercial participants in all of the markets continue to really play a strong role. And that tends to be a help in terms of the RPC. If you switch over to the cash equities side of the business, as Jeff alluded to, we've made very conscious decisions on business we don't want that's not profitable. And as we get out of those businesses, you see RPC trends up on the cash equities and options side as well. So it is -- it's not fee increases. It is very simply customer mix and then, frankly, decisions we're making on walking away from business that doesn't generate profit for us.
