Jeff Sprecher: Thank you, Ben. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. Please turn to Slide 10. The first half of the year has been marked by rising inflation, rising interest rates and continued geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty. Our customers are navigating evolving risks and continued to rely on our data, technology and liquid markets to manage these risks. In the second quarter, we once again grew revenues, grew adjusted operating income, and grew adjusted earnings per share these record setting second quarter results reflect the strength of our network and the all weather nature of our business model. Our strategy has always been to find unique and novel ways to apply data and technology to bring efficiencies and transparency to markets whether it was moving energy trading to the screen, clearing OTC swaps, modernizing the technology powering the U.S. equity markets, or building datasets for the opaque fixed income markets. As we've grown and diversified, we've broadened our opportunity set and our expertise has grown, providing new markets to grow into, and importantly, new ways to provide innovative solutions to customers. We've leveraged our leading pricing and reference data to build new tools for the front office. We've married our fixed income data to newly expanded climate capabilities. And more recently, we've combined our expertise in futures contract construction, with our index capabilities, and with our unique mortgage data to launch both the ICE mortgage rate lock index and its associated futures contract. These are just a few examples of the innovation that we can deliver with our expanded technology, datasets and expertise. Our evolution has been intentional, diversifying across asset classes and geographies and increasing our mix of recurring revenues with the goal of building a business that today generates compounding earnings growth. It's how we've grown our adjusted earnings per share for the past 15 years in every year that we've been a public company. The net result of our compounding earnings growth is the compounding growth in our dividend, which we've grown double digits each year on average since we initiated it in 2013 and which we also grew 15% in this quarter. Looking now to the second half of the year and beyond, we're excited about the many growth opportunities that are in front of us. And we remain focused on delivering innovative solutions for our customers while driving compounding growth for our stockholders. I'd like to thank our customers for their continued business and their trust and I'd like to thank my colleagues at ICE for their contribution to our record second quarter, following on the heels of our best first quarter, making this an unsurpassed first half result for our company. With that, I'll now turn the call back to our moderator Victoria, and will conduct a question-and-answer session until 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time.
Jeff Sprecher: And this is Jeff, let me just mention that a lot of our mortgage strategy is driven by the fact that we're trying to really position the company to be an all weather named that in all interest rate and macroeconomic environments that I can continue to end my prepared remarks on the same page that shows a graph of compounding earnings growth, for shareholders. And having a U.S. mortgage strategy gives us exposure we own LIBOR, which is the London Interbank index we trade U.K. and EU interest rate futures. We have a credit default swap business that is completely global that includes Russian sovereign, hedging and companies across the globe. We have a fixed income business that is truly global, we provide pricing data in almost every single country that has bond issuance. And we were relatively thin on having exposure to U.S. interest rates, and moving into mortgage gives us that. I also think, when we step back and look at the mortgage complex, the U.S. mortgage complex, and the way we're building the business, is that there is a demographic of millennials, that is huge, that are underserved by homeownership. And there's been supply chain issues during COVID to meet housing. And we generally believe that that any house that gets built will be sold and that there will be a mortgage on it, and that the supply chain issues are getting better and that the underperformance of building is increasing. We also have seen from our limited ownership of having mortgage assets that cash out refinancings happen when the value of homes go up, and which is an inflationary input. And the one that I think a lot of people and maybe is at the root of your question focus on is the absolute interest rate, which leads to people refinancing in a declining interest rate market. Long story short is there are a number of inputs into the housing market. We want to have exposure to the U.S. interest rate environment. It's going to help plus built in all weather name. And even with a downturn in the number of U.S. mortgages, we've had the best second quarter in our company's history.
Jeff Sprecher: Sure, that's a great question Rich, because I'm a company founder, I get asked to speak to entrepreneurs from time-to-time and I always tell them, the best time to start a business is when there's a downturn and not that having us moved into this space, you wish a downturn on anybody, but it's very, very hard to get people in finance and I say this broadly, whether it's trading, clearing, data, acquisition it is very, very hard to get people in finance to change their behavior when they're making a lot of money and when things are going well. And the best time to get people to think about making a change is when their businesses are under pressure and Ben alluded to that a number of times in why our subscription revenues are doing well in the mortgage space. Broadly speaking again, I appreciate the question. I know you've followed our company for many years, and you see us putting data and analytic tools into the mortgage market. The mortgage market that we're talking a lot about is the cash market. You've seen us and I mentioned in my prepared remarks, launch our first derivative product against in a new index that we created. And so I think this space has a lot of inefficiencies throughout the entire, not just the manufacturing the mortgage, but the way mortgages are financed and traded and retreated in the secondary market, very poor data available due to the paper based nature of the contract, difficult to regulate for regulate regulators, regulators think that there may be biases in the market, but without the right data, it's very hard to know, it's very hard to correct for the participants in the market, very expensive for consumers, banks that spend a lot of money to court a consumer, tend to lose them when there's a refinancing or a change in that client's behavior. The market is not very thoughtful about keeping connectivity between those that lend and those that borrow and all of that I think is fertile ground for us and may go for decades, honestly as we build out the infrastructure. But at the core, we need a foundation of data and information that borrowers, that lenders and that regulators can all look at and use to make it easier. I think I may have mentioned to you even that, it's odd to me that you can buy a completely consumable good, you can buy toothpaste on an online platform and when you go to checkout it'll ask you if you want to buy now and pay later, knowing that an algorithm underwrote your credit against no collateral and yet, it takes almost two months for somebody to refinance a mortgage in a house that they live in, that has a foundation that's in the ground that has an address that you can see from space that is part of the Maslow's hierarchy of need of safety and security and will be abandoned by that person, the last thing they do. And yet we, an existing mortgage talking to their bank takes two months. It just something is wrong in those equations. And we could argue that by now pay later lending maybe too generous, but certainly 60 days to do work with an existing client than an existing home just feels too long. And that's, that is the challenge that I think we will tackle successfully and put the entire industry on a better footing.
Jeff Sprecher: Thank you, Victoria. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Let me again thank my colleagues for delivering yet another record quarter and we very much appreciate and want to say thank you to our customers for putting your faith in us during the quarter. We'll look forward to updating you again soon as we continue to execute on these exciting growth opportunities that we mentioned on the call. And with that, I hope you'll have a great day.
Warren Gardiner: And then, Rich, its Warren on your question on the recurring revenues. You're right. That's FX, largely FX, there's also a little bit of AUM related revenue in our ETF business. So as we saw during the quarter people shifting into treasuries and out of equities, and some of the credit focused ETFs. There's lower economics on those treasury ETFs that we bent that track our benchmarks and so that was a little bit of a mix shift impact for us as well within the AUM portion of the index. The rest of the index business did really well during the quarter up double digits. Again, some of the subscription revenue, pure subscription revenue, if you will, in there. So really just kind of the macro dynamics taking hold there that why you saw that slight sequential decline.
Warren Gardiner: Alex, this is Warren, you asked about the guidance. So yes, you're correct. There's no change to the guidance that we gave to start the year. We did assume, as we said back then that there will be some headwinds from people potentially going out of business or maybe not as many new market participants, I'll say I'm highly confident that to the extent that starts to play out, that's going to be a cyclical trend, not a secular one, because I think if you think about the process for and this is reiterating what Ben just said, we think about the rest of getting a mortgage, it continues to be very costly for the consumer, it's very inefficient. And we have the tools that are -- building the tools that are really solving those problems. And so I know that probably doesn't help, solve for 2022, EPS or 2023 EPS, but it should really factor into kind of the multiple people are thinking about when you're valuing the overall enterprise at the end of the day.
Warren Gardiner: So hey, Kyle, it's Warren. So in terms of the OTC and other yes, you're correct that the performance there has been collateral driven that's largely from net interest income or earning at ICE Future or ICE Clear U.S. and ICE Clear Europe and so as collateral bounces move around and you've seen that over the course of this year. That's obviously going to benefit that particular line item. In terms of rates moving higher, we do have a benefit from that that's going to show up there more on -- will show up on the CDS clearing side because we do park some collateral funds there as a Fed. And so we do get a benefit as collateral moves up, but then also as Fed funds rates move up there and so that's part of the strong performance you've seen in CDS there. So, not in that OTC and other line but in the spirit of your question, yes, that there's a benefit from better rate hikes coming through over-time.
Ben Jackson: Yes, that's a lot Alex. This is Ben. I'll start and Warren will also I'm sure add in here. So in terms of, I'll start with this, just the overall challenges in the environment. If you take a step back, and you look at what we're building, we're building a business here that in mortgage whether a number of different market environments with an eye towards an 8% to 10% growth over the long-haul. And why are we confident in our ability to do that is the reasons are one we have absolutely mission critical software for these clients that we're providing. We have long-term contracts with our clients, four to five years of the high amount of retention in them. And we are heavily focused, as you've seen in our results, on shifting the revenue to more and more towards recurring. And we did it again this quarter, on the backdrop of 40% down market in terms of volumes, with 18% year-over-year recurring revenue growth in the business. The other Proofpoint, you've seen in terms of being able to weather various market environments is our data analytics line item. With that being up 36% last quarter alone. And one of the key inputs and drivers to that is our AIQ and analyzer solutions, we're seeing tremendous uptake in that we're seeing clients now more than ever just looking to adopt automation to automate as much of the workflow as possible to lower their costs. And the other proof point I put out, there was a comment Warren made in his prepared remarks, in that if you look at Q2 of 2019, very similar volume environment to what we saw in this past quarter, we generated more than $100 million of revenue on a pro forma basis. And that's, what enables us to do as we do time studies, with our clients, and clients that adopt our full automation suite, we see are saving anywhere from 570 to $1,400 per loan that they're manufacturing when they adopt our solutions. So our ability to capture some benefit from that from the efficiencies that we're providing to the industry has been tremendous. In terms of the algorithm of growth, on recurring revenue, it's really -- it's a mix that we've described before, it's a mix of, there is some pricing in there, there is sales to new clients. So I mentioned, we had a good start of the year for sales on Encompass. We've had a good sales for the year on our AIQ business. And then also the other input is that shift as customers are renewing that shift of -- even if we have to forego some transaction revenue of moving more to subscription, we're continuing to do that, and have a lot of success. And we're still early days, we're really in the first year of a codified program to do that. And with contracts with clients going four to five years in the future we have a long runway to go.
Ben Jackson: Hey, Alex. It's Ben again. So we have seen a small, small number of lenders that have had some challenges and potentially go out of business, but it's a very small number that we've seen so far.
Ben Jackson: Hey, Kyle, it's Ben. So you have a -- we have a confluence of issues that are going on around the world that are really unprecedented. And against that backdrop, we're pleased that our overall, our overall futures business is up for year-over-year in terms of open interest and since the end of the year, and our energy businesses up in open interest since the end of the year, given all of these events. And what are we looking at, we're looking at an inflationary environment, we're looking at a recession, you've got in particular in Europe, governments in Europe, have to figure out the balance between sanctions against Russia, the impact of those sanctions against their civilians, in terms of near-term price impact on energy, and move towards cleaner energy. So you've got this pothole mix and then you also have in China continued COVID lockdowns that are happening, and obviously geopolitical tensions happening with China. So given all those issues, we believe that our marketplace has been set up as best as can be in the in the world to help clients navigate through all of these events, and they're utilizing us to do that. And I'll give a few examples. So first, we have one of the most deep and liquid markets across that energy spectrum. So think of oil, gas, LNG, power and environmentals. So as clients are looking to move and switch between fuels, looking towards, moving towards a cleaner environment, we are the exchange and clearing businesses that they're going to do that. Second, in managing global supply shocks, you have deep -- we have deep liquid global markets in each of those respective asset classes that I mentioned with oil, gas, LNG, power, and environmentals and enable customers because we have all these deep liquid points at the points of production and consumption, as clients need to hedge their risks using different risk management tools. We're very well positioned to do that. And a perfect example is right now with Russia, stifling gas supplies going into Europe, we are seeing U.S. step in and U.S. providing natural gas via LNG cargos going into Northern Europe. And given that we are the home to the vast majority of commercial traders, that trade our U.S. gas products, both Henry Hub and our bases markets, we're seeing clients use that to hedge those cargos. And it's one of the inputs that's led to what I mentioned in my prepared remarks of the record we've seen in market share from a Henry Hub perspective, as well as a North American gas and at a highest well in the global gas complex. The third thing I'd point out is that we're engaged as much as ever with clients and governments around the world around the sanctions and as they're taking shape. And there's no question it had some impact, as there was uncertainty as to how issues would play out in products like gas and oil, where Russian fuel oil is an input into that historically, as governments have made it clear that as of February of 23, Russian fuel oil will no longer be provided, it no longer be consumed in Europe, we've changed the specification on our gas oil contract. And now we started to see open interest in volume starting to build again in gas oil, calendar 23 and beyond. And then you pointed out, our deep liquid options market. So options is clearly one of the most efficient ways to hedge geopolitical tail risk because it helps to hedge a number of different scenarios that could play out and embrace our volume in open or volume in Brent options, year-over-year is up 25%. So when you look at me stand your lens and look at the overall energy complex. We feel really good about how we're positioned.
Ben Jackson: Hey, Craig, it's Ben, I'll start. So basically reiterate some of the things that I said before, when you widen out what our strategy is, within the mortgage and mortgage technology business, our strategy here has been to move more and more of the revenue towards recurring to take some of that cyclicality out of the business and we continue to do that. And we've been successfully doing that. In terms of predicting the rate environment and how that's going to play out just look at how the rate environments played out over the last week, it's been extraordinarily hard for to see and be able to predict when that this volume environment and stuff will settle down. But despite that, we're going to continue to make investments in the innovation that we're providing to our clients. As we mentioned, a lot of the investments that we made is what fueled that $100 million growth that we saw over the last three years in a similar environment to what we had in 2019. Those are investments -- those investments are in and around everything that we've been doing in the closing side, our simple file business continues to gain market share and do very well. And then all of the innovation that we've been introducing on the data and analytics side with our AIQ platform, as well as the automation of the underwrite platform, we see that those are all tailwinds that regardless of the rate environment and the volume environment that our growth drivers for us.
Ben Jackson: Got it. Thanks, Brian. Yes, I'll start and then I’ll hand it to Lynn for the second part of that. So as I mentioned before, there's this confluences issues going on, in particular in Europe and where we have seen some impacts, so the balance between Russia and sanctions and the impact on the civilians and the move to cleaner energy. In Europe in specifically, we have seen some time and attention from traders that would trade things like our EUA markets, our European Union Allowances, moving and shifting more towards just the acute energy issues that everyone's faced with right now. So we have seen some headwinds in that part. But the flip side of it is in North America, we've had a very strong business continuing to do very, very well. North America is doing well and our Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiatives, our California Carbon Allowances, our renewable fuels, our REC markets, each of these are doing very, very well and we're continuing to invest. So we recently launched Biofuel Contracts they're doing well, we recently launched a global index, a Global Carbon Index Future, as well and we're getting more and more on the index itself we're getting more ETS to license and on futures are starting to develop there. We recently launched Texas Wind and Solar contracts, we recently launched nature-based offset contracts for the voluntary markets. So we see a lot of tailwinds coming in the foreseeable future, and you also have other developments like State of Pennsylvania likely to join Reggie  and Washington State likely to put in their Cap and Trade Program for the first time. So we have a lot of good tailwinds there in North America. And I think what you're seeing in the overall complex is just a wait little bit on the EUA market in Europe.
Ben Jackson: Thanks, Michael. This is Ben. And the way we think about it is, we need to have as I described earlier, that breadth of offerings of global offerings across the each of the inputs into producing energy is, as the statistics that are out there point to energy consumption doubling between now and 2050. And it's just what are the inputs into the production of that energy are going to change and will change over-time. And we believe with the breadth of offerings that we have across oil, gas, LNG, power and then the significant early start that we had and thinking about the environmental markets with the acquisition of the Climate Exchange over a decade ago, we're very well positioned to help clients navigate through that. So that's one input into it. You do have a global focus on the reduction of carbon emissions around the world and as I said before, with our environmental markets, we are very well positioned to help clients navigate through that. So those are two. I think the third is that even though we have had some near-term headwinds in some of the products in Europe in particular the ones that have been at the center of this Ukraine, Russia situation we continue to see user growth. So we continue to see more and more users taking data subscriptions and coming onto the platform to get visibility into what's happening in those markets, how those markets correlate, or de-correlate at times to others around the world. So when we look at the underlying health of the market, looking at user growth, looking at open interest and looking at the global breadth of the offerings that we provide to our clients, those are all inputs into our growth outlook .
