Benjamin Jackson: Hi, Ken. It's Ben. Thank you for the question. We see all the investments that we've been doing in our oil platform as a truly global platform that's all complementary to one another. As the clear trend around the world has been under investment in energy infrastructure, so you have a lot of volatility in energy when there's any kind of supply shocks. You've got electronification continuing to take hold. You have energy markets that are truly global. You got supply chains that are evolving and changing and people are looking for more precision and risk management. So with all the investments that we've been making in our global oil platform, we take all that into account, we're engaging with customers now more than ever, and we're getting feedback that there's a need for more precise instruments, pricing Middle East oil that's destined for China. That's what created that Murban contract and ICE futures Abu Dhabi, and it's grown nicely. In parallel to that, Brent, which is the centerpiece of that entire complex is up both in OI and volume year-over-year. So we see them as complementary trading assets that run side by side. We also continue to see investments like our HOU contract in the U.S., which is pricing Midland barrels coming out of Midland, going into Houston and then eventually making its way into our dated Brent contract. We're seeing that contract also continue to grow. So we see these all as very complementary assets to one another. And even within the Middle East itself, you look at our Dubai contract. That contract is up in volumes 80% year-over-year, with OI up close to 50% year-over-year. So we, again, see them all as very complementary assets that traders look at both for the precision that, that particular instrument provides, but then also trading them in parallel to the other benchmark contracts.
Benjamin Jackson: Yes. Thank you for the question. And as we've said in a number of calls, our hypothesis has been that the combination of these businesses will create, for the first time, an opportunity for our clients to have one d1 trusted platform provider for that complete front-to-back experience for their clients. And you heard a lot from in our prepared remarks about the sales success across our platform. And we believe that based on that success as well as the funnel we see ahead of us, that we have a platform that's really spring loaded as the market normalizes as loans are growing. And just unpacking some more detail what's going on under the cover. So we mentioned we had a solid Q3 in Encompass sales in the third quarter and then also in October. And as Warren pointed out in his prepared remarks, we've had a record sales year and we still have a couple of months to go in the year. So that's playing out very well for us. As we mentioned, we won M&T Bank, that's already an existing MSP customer. They're adding both Encompass and our DDA platform. We've won TriPoint that's moving to Encompass. And then we've also had an expansion with a client called The Federal Savings Bank, adding our data and document automation platform on top of the existing Encompass relationship. There's - switching to MSP. There's no doubt that there was some pent-up demand on MSP as there was an overhang on the deal with clients waiting to see how it was going to come through. And now we're seeing a number of deals that have come through. We mentioned Fifth Third Bank replacing their existing platform provider. They're also adding a number of data products as part of that deal as well. We've also added Black Hills Federal Credit Union, which is an existing Encompass client, has now added as I look at it, is incredibly strong. And - but as Warren also commented in his prepared remarks, this is core infrastructure that's going into these clients, and it does take time for them to implement across both MSP as well as on the loan origination side. You've got a six to 18-month window to implement these clients. But then once implemented, we're getting new loans under our platform and on our network. So the final thing I'd point out is we're also not losing customers. We're not losing significant customers on the platform. And that's why I used the comment that we're spring-loaded because as we see the market environment is going to normalize at some point in time, the loan growth that we've had in our platform positions us very well to achieve those long-term objectives of the growth criteria that we've outlined.
Benjamin Jackson: Hi, Kyle. This is Ben. It actually - those types of trends play into our overall thesis and hypothesis in this space is that there is opportunity to create more efficiency around the transactions. For us, we're neutral in that space. We don't have a business of selling leads to real estate brokers and the like. For us, our core businesses are all in and around the origination transaction itself, making sure that we're matching the client to the ideal product that meets their needs at the lowest cost to improve access to homeownership as well as clients that have an existing home, identifying based on data and analytics the best product to cross-sell to that client, the best time for clients to have a servicing book as well as an origination book. So when we talk about that whole front-to-back offering, that's really our sweet spot. So we don't see an impact to us negative. If anything, all of the data and analytics offerings that we have that underpin this overall platform front to back, both between ICE Mortgage Technology assets that we've had historically as well as the data assets that have come with the Black Knight business, all position us very well in that space going forward.
Warren Gardiner: Hi, It's Warren. So I'll talk a little bit about the pricing, and I'm going to hand it over to Lynn to talk about some of the color on what we're seeing on the fixed income data analytics side. So on the pricing side, we - it would have been a couple of years now that we talked about a third or so of the growth we felt like would come from pricing. I'd say that, look, it will move around each year, so it's not necessarily perfectly consistent in that way. But certainly, as you look over the last number of years that we've had the IDC asset, it's been pretty much in that range. And so as we're thinking towards next year, I think it's fair to be thinking that will continue. And it's underpinned by the philosophy you've heard us articulate a number of times on these calls and that we really just look to capture value when we bring it to our customers. And that's really what we're doing when we think about price within the fixed income and data analytics business and really across the platform. So we're going to continue to do that in that business, similar to what we have over the last couple of years.
Warren Gardiner: Hi Brian, it's Warren. So, I think, yes, you throw out a couple of numbers there, all correct, of course. But when we think about those revenue synergies, I think the best way to be thinking about it is - and you pointed out one point that I think is important is it takes a little bit long for these to implement. But I think about it more the OpEx of it being more hockey stick like. And so I think in the early year you probably don't have as much, but that as we obviously move to the next couple of years and through year five, you're going to see those start to build. So, - and part of that is, look, we've got to integrate the companies and we start to get going on some of the areas that we've talked to out on not only the core products, but also on some of the data products that we want to cross-sell across the platform as well. And so that takes a little bit of time in addition to some of the implementation timelines we talked about as well. So, I think about it. Certainly, we're going to have some here. Ben talked about a number of wins that we've had. But again, there's going to be an implementation time line for those. But certainly, we are off to a very strong start there, and it's really encouraging in terms of us getting to those targets ultimately.
Warren Gardiner: Hi Simon. So, we generally look at the composite, the forecasters as you're aware of the NBA, Sandy and Freddie, and we're looking at those. We also have some other data around our loan volumes and, of course, MERS registrations that we all pulled together. And so that - your fair - it's a fair question to ask because, obviously, the forecasters are working with somewhat imperfect information, and you see revisions here and there at times too. So, - but that's generally what we saw. We did see in the quarter some Encompass closed loans down in the high teens. So, I think we did well versus the market. And so that's an encouraging sign, of course. There is, within those transaction revenues, which is what you might be referencing to some extent there, some other elements there. I mean, professional services fees are in there. Now, with Black Knight, we have default management revenues. You've got some MERS registrations that there's deferrals related to. So, there are some things in there that, of course, are not perfectly correlated with what's going on in the mortgage market over this current period, if you will, that will create some noise. But I think in terms of how we're performing within the closed loan component of that, it's been encouraging. And again, it's part of its adoption and new customers coming online at some of the sales we've had. And I think as you move into next year, and certainly based on what you heard from Ben, we continue to have success there. So, I think that, that will continue to drive that kind of an outcome.
Warren Gardiner: Thanks for the question, Craig, it's Warren. So that's something we're thinking about, I think, as I said on prior calls. And you're right, it's - the headline price changes are not something we had traditionally done. We have always gone into markets and injected market maker tiers and things - in incentive programs and things of that nature. But it's not something that we've done historically at the headline level. We did do it this year, and I think it's been relatively successful. We certainly are, as we move into our budget season here at the moment, thinking about what we might be able to do on that front. I think as we said previously, it's something that we will pick our spots on. I don't expect us to do it on the same products every year. But certainly, we have not done a lot on many other products across, not just energy, but other areas of futures. And so we'll be thoughtful about that. Again, it all comes back to us thinking about what kind of value we've created for the customer and pricing appropriately for that. And so as we think through that, you'll see some - potentially see some announces there. But I don't know that I'd expect it to be on the same products every single year. We'll - again, I think we'll pick our spots as we think through that.
Lynn Martin: Yes. And it's Lynn. I'll just chime in with some color of what we're seeing. As we said on previous calls, this segment, in particular, really shows the all-weather nature of ICE. And if you look at the execution side of the business, ICE bonds, in particular, had really strong growth over the last quarter, particularly given the muted volatility in the muni markets where we've been able to continue to increase our adoption by the retail and wealth side of the businesses as well as benefit from the increased adoption by institutional users contributing to share gains in all of our different products. Now bringing that through to the fixed income data and analytics side of the business, as we've continued to interact with the front office customers, we've seen continued increasing demand for our front office tools. So while small contributors to the overall bottom line, products like CEP, best execution that we've talked about in the past, there continues to be strong demand for those products as fixed income markets continue to electronify. You've seen that manifest itself in a shortening sales cycle, which has been a - which has really benefited us in terms of the pipeline contribution, the pipeline conversion rates in the short term. Additionally, as we've continued to see money flow into fixed income ETFs, as is evidenced by 30% growth year-on-year at the end of Q3 into our index AUM, we've continued to see that manifest itself in terms of demand for the data, demand for our indices, demand for services around our indices. So we continue to be optimistic that we're uniquely positioned to capitalize on the trend of fixed income electronification and the optimization of workflows in fixed income.
Lynn Martin: Yes, Alex, this is Lynn. Thanks so much for the question. So if you look at the Fixed Income and Data Services segment as a whole, I talked about some of the all-weather nature that attributed really to the fixed income data and analytics line and the executions line in just a bit ago. But the one area that we've continued to see as a really strong contributor to the bottom line, top line is the other data services business and the acceleration of that business throughout the year. And that's really been fueled by a couple of different areas. Number one is our multiyear investment and the modernization of the tech stack associated with our distribution platforms. And on the macro side, is the continued strong demand for our products and services fueled by the broader adoption of automation across the industry in a variety of different areas, which feels like we're still in the early stages of. So we're seeing the confluence of these items benefit the top line growth in this area, and that causes us to be optimistic for continued growth in this area, in particular, for the medium term. We've been very deliberate, as Jeff mentioned on his call to be cloud agnostic and really invest in our own data centers. One of the reasons that we did that was really in response to customer demand as increased automation tends to be a data-heavy area as well as fueling demand for things such as data center space and customers asking us to grow their data center footprint. As a result, and what we've seen more recently, our connectivity sales in Q3 were the second highest in our history. Now those are going to take some time to implement, obviously, before we see the benefits of that in terms of revenue. And our desktop sales last quarter matched our historical high. So we continue to be optimistic that the trends are going to be positive for this area given the pipeline that we have in this area and given the more recent sales that we've been able to achieve. On our feeds business, which we talked a little bit about in our prepared remarks, we benefit from the automation trend as workflows continue to become more automated and customers continue to value the modernization efforts we've undertaken to streamline our technology. So we've been able to attain a variety of new [logos] more recently and then also benefit from historical Tier 1 logos and their increased adoption of our services. And then finally, the area that continues to drive growth in this area, and we think it's the early stages, is the adoption of our large language model, our proprietary large language models in our chat platform. Our chat user growth is up 13% year-to-date, and the increased usage in the models has driven not only revenue benefits here, but also activity generated within our energy markets which activity generated through large language models in our energy markets was up 90% quarter-on-quarter compared to last year and 70% year-to-date. So, there's a variety of trends that we see as tailwinds for this line, in particular, to continue to drive compound and growth for the medium to long-term.
Lynn Martin: Yes. Lynn, thanks for the question. In terms of the allocation of AUM, we have definitely seen an improvement - variety of equity indices, for example, although they're relatively small compared to our core fixed income indices where you've seen an uptick in the amount of AUM that had moved into them. Those being our biotech, semiconductor and some of our other more bespoke indices. In terms of the fixed income allocation, governments have continued to grow in terms of AUM, but you've also seen higher capture classes such as high-yield, which we're really well known for, investment grade and our unique indices gain some share as well. So it's a bit of everything growing in terms of AUM, but that has definitely slowed into some of our higher capture products, which has resulted in our index revenues growing nicely, particularly as compared with last year at this time. In terms of the yield profile, it's a really good question. You saw our core products such as munis have muted volatility during the summer months, not overly unexpected. You've seen volatility in those products start to spike up again as we enter the fall, and that's really a trend that's continued throughout October, in particular. Treasuries have also been a nice grower for us in terms of transactions. We've also seen growth though in things like CDs and our money market product CDs and then agencies as well. So as I mentioned earlier, we've really seen good growth across each of our different products. If you look at the amount of transactions on our platform in Q3 as compared with last year Q3, in fact, the amount of transactions are up 53%. So I think that really positions us nicely because of all the hard work the team has done to penetrate the wealth side of the business. Obviously, retail has been a good grower for us traditionally and all the hard work that the team has done over the last few years to really build our institutional footprint, which we continue to see expanding both in terms of activity and a number of participants on our platform. So I think we're really positioned nicely going into the more volatile time that we're in right now.
