Benjamin R. Jackson: Thanks, Scott, and good morning to everyone on the call. I'll begin on slide 8. When we acquired Interactive Data nearly three years ago, it brought a core foundation of fixed income pricing and analytics, the gold standard for price evaluations and pre and post trade analytics spanning nearly three million instruments around the world. We then bolted on additional content that is complementary to that foundation such as the S&P Securities Evaluation business and the Bank of America Merrill Lynch indices. With these assets now fully integrated, we bring to market a comprehensive solution of new and innovative services such as helping our customers better understand the quality of their execution and the liquidity risks associated with their positions. We have also engaged with that community of fixed income traders and asset managers about their workflow challenges. And the resounding issue is with trade execution. Whether it is a cash trade or in a mutual fund, an insurance company looking to hedge risk or a market participant that wants to create or redeem a share of the fixed income ETF, all of these participants are dealing with very manual and archaic processes and are looking for different and more efficient ways to source liquidity. As many of you know, fixed income today is still largely a voice market but it is also one seeking greater automation. We expect this evolution will continue as it has in many asset classes going from voice to RFQ to a central order book over time. And it is why BondPoint and TMC are such exciting assets. Specifically by marrying click-to-trade technology, which is essentially a central order book streaming thousands of CUSIPs throughout the day with critical pre and post trade data and analytics, we have a recipe to facilitate greater efficiency, efficiency that is very much in demand as both banks and asset managers search for greater productivity across their businesses. The phone is no longer an option for the high volume, smaller trade size, a result of fixed income market structure changes that have fragmented inventory. And thus, the efficiency in executions that our platforms provide is being embraced by the buy side, the sell side, corporations, and wealth advisors. BondPoint and TMC are also very complementary. First, BondPoint is largely a corporate venue while TMC leads in munis. Each began by catering to wealth managers, market makers, and the buy side. And over time, this audience has expanded to include sell side and corporates. And by leveraging our connectivity to the broader trading community, we expect to further expand this customer base. Since acquiring BondPoint and TMC, we have seen increased demand to engage with both platforms. It's one of the reasons BondPoint volume was up over 30% in the first half. In addition, it's important to point out that prior to our acquisition, TMC was owned by some of the largest wealth management platforms in the world. This ownership created a conflict of interest prohibiting their wealth management arms from trading on the platform. That restriction has now been lifted at all three banks and their affiliates. And as a result, we expect new flow will be shown on the platform. In sum, we are uniquely positioned to leverage our technology, our content and our distribution, and we look forward to updating you as we grow the business, expand margins and drive shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Benjamin R. Jackson: Thanks, Michael, for the question. This is Ben Jackson. I'll try to unpack some of the questions you had there. On the acquisitions, I'll start with that. I think the way to think about it is really of two difference transactions. So first you have the Chicago Stock Exchange. That business is going to be fully integrated into our New York Stock Exchange platform. The way to think about that business in terms of size back half of this year is just approximately $8 million in revenue with $8 million in expense. So if you double that plus a little bit that gives you an idea of what that business is on a full year basis. As I said, that business is going to be fully integrated into the New York Stock Exchange. Scott also mentioned that there's some severance expense [Technical Difficulty] (35:07-38:37)
Benjamin R. Jackson: Sure. Thank you, Brian, for the question. So as I've mentioned the combined business and we're just talking about BondPoint and TMC when I say that and, today, as it stands on an annualized basis, those businesses are $100 million in revenue with $40 million in operating profit. As I have mentioned, there's some growth opportunities, in particular on the TMC side, that we believe are quite interesting from just the affiliate revenue, sub-custody revenue with the restrictions being lifted on those significant major banks in the wealth advisory space and in the private banking space that I had mentioned. The fact that that restriction has been lifted already and, again, we've just closed a little over a week ago is I think a great sign that there is pent-up demand that wants to interact with that liquidity and with that flow. So if you look at that revenue flowing into the business, you look at the integration – the view towards integration that I had given some color on a little bit earlier of creating a single connection point so the customers can get access to both liquidity pools, I see that over near term that margins of these combined businesses will get in line with our other exchange businesses. In addition to that, so you asked a question about the BlackRock opportunity, so the ETF create/redeem platform with BlackRock as a development partner and that opportunity has a number of areas for revenue generation for that new company that'll be a wholly owned subsidiary of ICE. As you think about it, there's areas of opportunity for that to generate revenue in the creation and redemption of process and just order-taking. You have instant messaging in there. You have data. You have pre and post trade analytics. You have services for authorized participants. You have connectivity to execution platforms like ours and execution that would flow from that as well as third-party execution platforms, connectivity to third-party order management systems and execution management systems and analytics system such as Aladdin, as well as other third-parties. So there is a great opportunity there in a number of different areas to not only for this new company to generate revenue, but also to solve a real need for the industry as the growth trajectory that I'd mentioned before is expected to continue into the future. And these investments are needed for the ETF market participants to continue to help enable that growth to continue. The platforms we're expecting to come live and start in 2019.
Benjamin R. Jackson: Yes, Jeremy, thanks for the question. And as I've mentioned just over the past comments, there's a number of different areas that this new company which will be a wholly owned subsidiary of ICE would earn revenues. So you have transaction revenues as it relates to the order-taking of creation and redemption. You've got execution that can happen on our trading platforms. But you also have recurring revenue that would take the form of connectivity into this standardized messaging system that's interconnecting all these participants in the ETF marketplace. You've got also data that's associated to this in connectivity to third-party EMS, OMS systems, including Aladdin and others and also other third-party execution platforms that will be on there. So it will be a mix of both recurring revenue that'll be associated to this as well as execution revenue opportunity. And the other thing to point out is that BlackRock is a committed development partner into this. We are reaching out to. And since the press release came out this morning, our team has been inundated with very positive phone calls and feedback from other market participants that we're welcoming to participate in this important effort to help create these standards that will hopefully lubricate the type of growth that this business has seen historically, and lubricate that that growth can continue into the future. The other thing I'd point out is that in June, BlackRock filed to switch to our benchmarks as part of ICE Data Services for four of their largest corporate ETFs. So we see a trend there as well where we can provide services towards major index providers to utilize our data in support of their fixed income self-indexing efforts.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: And that's a really good question. The short answer is no, we're not seeing that. But every asset class is slightly different. Obviously, I think you've covered us for years and one of the interesting things that we find about our physical commodities business, which in other words our oil and agriculture and metals business, is that those tend to be tied to supply chain issues, the volatility that affects supply chains. And there are a lot of volatility issues that are acts of God, and so they tend to not – they tend to be long-term structural issues just in the ecosystem of moving goods and services around the world. And so those markets have performed well. That's why I think we've had 21 consecutive record years in oil trading. And there's no end to that. Other markets that you mentioned; equities, fixed income, in other words, bonds and certain financial commodities, interest rates and the like, are very much driven by Central Bank policy and acts of humans. And they're global as well. And there seems to be no end to the act of humans right now in coming out of the end of the financial crisis and trying to return to some sense of normalcy in central banks, and various countries including the United States refining their trading policies around the world as the economy recovers. And so we go through fits and starts in those due to acts of man, but my own – I'm bullish long term because there's a lot of change going on in the world and essentially these products are used to help manage the risk of that change.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. I think first of all, I should say I was not an exchange guy until I started this company, so I guess you could argue whether or not I'd become one. But the fact you're not an energy guy is not something that's going to defer you from coming to the right answer. And I mean that as a compliment. So historically, the United States price of oil in the United States has been benchmarked to West Texas intermediate crude at Cushing, Oklahoma, which is landlocked as I mentioned. It's a very good tradable contract because there are lots of idiosyncrasies around moving oil in and out of this landlocked area. You need pipes and storage and the like to actually feed refineries and work with the commerce of the United States. So that contract particularly lends itself to speculative traders that really enjoy studying these permutations and benefiting from the knowledge of flows around Cushing, Oklahoma. But as you alluded to, there's been a fundamental change in where we discover oil in the United States and with the advent of fracking. And much of that oil is not connected to the systems that lead to Cushing, Oklahoma. And increasingly, because we're creating a surplus of oil in many areas, some of that oil is being exported. And it's being exported by getting it down to the Gulf of Mexico and putting it on ships and sending it overseas. And ICE has really built our energy business by catering to commercial customers and commercial customers tell us that they've been frustrated by the ability to hedge their new fracking oil businesses with the legacy WTI Cushing, Oklahoma benchmark. And there is some basis trading that goes on, financial basis trading that does exist in the OTC markets. But what our customers tell us, the commercial customers, is that they would really like a physically delivered contract which is how they're used to dealing with oil in the United States with the benchmarks. And they really like it in the Houston area and that will then create a more representative price of U.S. oil, if you will, and will also allow them to either use that oil price benchmark for internal hedging or, if they choose to, export. And as I've mentioned on other calls, the price in Houston more accurately reflects the price of oil around the world because the price of oil around the world is really oil that is moving from the Middle East or from Russia and elsewhere to areas of population growth, and so it tends to be seaborne. And therefore, there will be a very nice trading hedge, if you will, between Brent oil which is seaborne oil, and Permian oil at Houston which can be seaborne oil. And the price difference, generally speaking, will be the price of transportation and will allow people to hedge shipping cost by the delta price. And of course, there will be times when there will be hurricanes and other acts of God that will affect shipping and people will be able to hedge out that risk on that kind of basis trade. So long story short, that contract really is being desired by a lot of our customers who helped us stand it up, helped us arrange the relationship with Magellan and create the infrastructure for delivery. So we have high hopes for it. And we know that a lot of our commercial customers are anxious for it to begin to trade. You're right in that one of the byproducts of discovering oil in shale is natural gas and many of the these new shale areas don't have particularly good infrastructure for selling that natural gas for putting it into the natural gas systems in the United States. And as such many people literally are almost giving that gas away. So the marginal price of natural gas in the United States has fallen, as the increase in oil production has risen, which is an interesting phenomenon. The benchmark for natural gas in the United States, Henry Hub, is in Louisiana. And similarly it is not necessarily a great benchmark for the new infrastructure of natural gas that is being discovered. That being said, the market has been working on basis trades around the gas business. And because the price of gas is so low they don't really necessarily need to hedge in the way that they did before. So overall, Henry Hub volumes and natural gas volumes have fallen and we expect honestly that as long as the U.S. remains an active oil producer that that will be the case. We do think there will be more infrastructure builds over time because we think this is a permanent change the way the United States gets energy. And so we think some of these basis hubs may become primary trading hubs as opposed to the Henry Hub, but the market has yet to determine that.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Yeah. Alex, this is Jeff. It's a good question. Nothing has changed in terms of our outlook. I think if you think back about how we've been talking about the fixed income marketplace, we've been pretty diligent about the things that we've acquired and the things that we're building to bring those pieces together. We've talked pretty openly about the fact that we think the opportunity is in the fact that the workflow and fixed income is very clumsy and spaces evolving quickly and that there are gaps that we can fill. And by buying a pricing business than building out ourselves or reference data business than buying an index business than building out ourselves a self-indexing capability then buying a muni platform and buying a corporate platform and now tying all that together with our instant messenger and network, we think we have a powerful set of infrastructure tools that equip us well with the growth that's happening in that space and help drive the next leg of how trading and pricing and infrastructure will develop. So we don't necessarily need anything and the next leg, as Ben has talked about, is us tying all that together and making it easily accessible to the marketplace. We always look for unique bolt-on opportunities that will give us a buy versus build advantage, so that we can get to market faster. And certainly, some of the things, I just mentioned, really helped us to get to where we are today much faster. And we always look for unique opportunities that can be transformative. But as you've indicated they have to fit within our M&A discipline. And the people that I'm sitting with here, none of us enjoy running large companies. We hate bureaucracy, but what we love is growth, EPS growth. And so, if we can find something that won't change the culture of our firm in the long run, but will help our EPS growth, we'll always look at it. Those are difficult, particularly as people like you have really spent a lot of time in our space and written on various companies and very good companies tend to be priced as very good companies and are hard for us to acquire and we've got discipline.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. There's no question that regulators continue to urge the market to look for alternatives for new business. And to try to figure out if historical business there are contractual ways of migrating the historical business that is benchmark to LIBOR to other rates. And the market is responding and we've been responding. We see it as an opportunity and that's why we've launched SONIA and about to launch SOFR futures and those have actually been doing well. And you can imagine people that are supporting those are many of the people that are regulated and have been urged to get on with developing new alternatives. On the LIBOR side, LIBOR has increasingly become more rooted in transaction business and less rooted in estimates. And there is a white paper published by a large group that ICE is administrating that is overseeing LIBOR on how it will migrate and that migration is going well. The migration is basically away from estimates and to transactions. And so we think LIBOR will be a very good safety net that that contract for the legacy business that won't be able to transition and for new business that will have difficulty adopting some of these new benchmarks in the early days, there will be a safety net there. And we're confident that we can make that contract, that index more robust and give it my confidence than it had in the past. So it's kind of a double-edged strategy that we have and going well on both sides honestly. And a lot more serious activity and discussion about these alternatives in the last quarter than there had been leading up to it.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: And Alex, just to put a point on of the things that Scott said is, we've been – being more transparent about the data that comes out of the New York Stock Exchange. The large exchange groups, I think, created the false perception that somehow equity data was becoming more valuable. And the reality is, if you look at the long term trends, it's becoming cheaper and less valuable. And you could still read people that write articles that somehow equity exchange data is going up or that somehow there's pricing power in that area and not robust competition. The reality is that that's been in long-term decline. We expect that that's going to be the case long term. We expect that the market's going to continue to get cheaper for that data. As we all know you can go on your smartphone and you can look up a realtime stock price for free now and that is the long-term trend. So we've just been more open about pulling that out so that we can change the narrative that exists in the industry that this is not what people believe it is this is not an area of pricing power and growth.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: I guess I'm a glass-half-full guy so I'll take the I think it might improve going forward. But we're at a very difficult inflection point right now globally in the middle of the Brexit negotiations and in the middle of renegotiation of trade policies around the world. And so there's friction that filters down through government systems through their various regulators trying to figure out how to work in a global marketplace. We spend a fair amount of time on a day-to-day basis going through these various changes. It's dynamic and happening in real-time. Honestly, we feel good about the decisions we made to distribute our network around the globe. We have a regulated trading venue and clearing house in London. We have a separate regulated trading and clearing venue on Continental Europe, separate regulated trading and clearing venues in the United States and also same thing in Asia. And a lot of the work we do is talking to our customers, trying to figure out what their thinking is and where various businesses may move if some of the worst case scenarios come to pass. And fortunately, there really hasn't been a change in business. We're still growing and business remains relatively interrupted but there are a lot of contingency plans inside my company and inside all of our customers on where things might have to land going forward. And we feel really comfortable with the position we're in because all of those platforms are on the same technology. And for us moving really means moving files and moving interconnections and not so much moving people in the way you would think about some of our customers being threatened. So I'm optimistic but we really are kind of at our pinch point and I expect that that might go on for the next two quarters right now. I also expect personally that it will impact foreign exchange rates as the market tries to figure out where economic flow will go. And so, Scott continues to try to guide you as best we can, on a constant currency basis.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Thank you, Andrea. Thank you all for your participation this morning. Thanks for dialing back in after the call was cut. Sorry, I apologize for that inconvenience. And we look forward to speaking with you in October when we are going to report our results for the third quarter. Have a good morning.
Scott Anthony Hill: And Ken, I know you are a numbers guy, so I think the other thing that's support to what Jeff's saying is if we were seeing secular shifts away you wouldn't see open interest in oil up 11% and open interest in ags up 17% and open interest in rates up 11%. And the other thing that I'm encouraged by because, again, it's always to me been a leading indicator of ongoing interest in our markets, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, if you set aside the audit from the prior year, our futures exchange data in the quarter was up 4% year-over-year. And that's not price. That's customers. That's more people interested in oil market, that's more people starting to think about Houston as the place for physical oil in the U.S. So I definitely – not only do we not see it qualitatively; quantitatively, we're not seeing any shift either.
Scott Anthony Hill: And just again, to put a couple of numbers around that, kind of harkening back a little bit to is it secular or not, Jeff talked about the commercials are a lie for natural gas. Over the last three years, it's growing 13% a year on average. That's twice what you are seeing at one of our peers. And in addition to that, if you look at the basis market, our volumes are actually up 20% year-over-year in the first half. And so again, if you step back and think about where the commercials are and how they're hedging their risk, which is where the sustainable growth is going to come from and where you see an open interest growth, we're very confident in the natural gas platform we've built. And that's the U.S. statement. Then you add on top of that, that our European natural gas footprint is doing really well, particularly our index business, that we bought a number of years ago, volumes and revenues in that business are trending positively in the year. So we've long talked about the global nature of the natural gas franchise that we have, the commercial orientation. And I think what you see in our ability to grow energy revenues, despite the volume decline you see in the U.S. natural gas business, all relates to the global commercial nature of the franchise we've established.
Scott Anthony Hill: No. It's a good question, and I appreciate the compliment on the guide. It's a business that we feel really good about. We've seen sequential improvements from first quarter to second quarter. We'll see it in the third quarter. We will see it in the fourth quarter. And they're not a seasonal boost that we are getting in the fourth quarter. What you're seeing is the build in ASV. You look at the first quarter growth of around 5% adjusted for the audit fee from the prior year would have been around 5% in the second quarter. But ASV sits at 6%. And what we've said is in the back half of the year, we think we will grow data revenues at least 6%, and so that's really pointing you towards what the overall, I guess, path is in terms of revenue. So not seasonal, reflective of the building ASV. By the time we get to the end of the year, the nice thing will be the Bank of America Merrill Lynch indices, which are up 50% from where they were a year ago, but on accounting it all towards organic growth right now, will start to count. And so that's a tailwind. As we move into 2019, growth in that business will start to fully count towards organic growth. And so we're pleased with how the business has trended. We're pleased with where it's headed now and I think 2019 sets up to be another good year.
Scott Anthony Hill: I can't give you a million dollar number because it won't add up to that. So it's not – those aren't really data plays. But let me step back, Alex. It's a good question. It's a fair question. We did say coming into the year 6% to 7%. I did adjust that now to say 5% to 6%. But let's put that in perspective. So we are about 0.8 point off what we thought coming into the year on a $2.1 billion business, which means we are off around $16 million to $18 million give or take a little bit. I noted earlier the Bank of Merrill Lynch indices, that business has grown 50%. I'm not taking any credit for that $6 million or $7 million mitigating it, but it's why in the quarter and in the guidance you see that from an absolute dollar standpoint, we're right where people expect us to be. And so if you kind of net it all up, I talked about it in my prepared remarks, there are a couple of places where we're a little bit short versus what we thought coming into the year. The first place I mentioned is the second quarter. We saw some delays in some connectivity implementations. The good news is what that means is contracts that would have run 2Q this year to 1Q of next year, will run 3Q of this year to 2Q of next year. So, no revenue lost in total, just a little bit of a slip out here that's a few million bucks. More importantly and this won't surprise you, our overall desktop revenues are coming down a little faster than we expected. That's consistent with what you are seeing in the industry. People really don't want the desktops anymore. They prefer the direct feed. And we've got a retail platform, eSignal, that really is not an optimal platform and not particularly strategic and we're off a few million dollars there. And then the last thing, again, it won't come as a surprise to you is our NYSE Tape data is a little bit softer than what we thought coming into the year. So again in a $2.1 billion business, we've got a few areas, three areas to be specific for a few million dollars mitigated by a really strong index performance that isn't reflected in the organic growth. And then you take a step back and say okay now you talk to me about 10% of the business, tell me about the 90%. The 90% of the business is pricing and analytics which is going to grow 7% for the year. I's connectivity and feed that's going to grow 7% for the year. It's an exchange data business on a futures side that you can go back and run the growth rates over the past few years, it's a good grower. It doesn't grow every single year. But over the course of two to three years, it's a good grower as well. So that's 70%, 85% of our revenues right there and we're putting up good numbers in the year. And by the way, talk about the guidance, we said 7% coming into the year on pricing and analytics, and connectivity and feeds and I'm telling you it's still 7%. So we feel good about the overall performance of the data business. Yes, in total, we're probably $8 million to $10 million light of where we thought we'd be versus the $2.1 billion forecast coming in. But overall, we have very strong confidence in where this business is positioned, the ASV being up 6%, pricing and analytics, and connectivity and feeds ASV being up 7%, so we feel good about the guidance we gave in the back half of the year, the acceleration in the growth in the back half of the year. And as I indicated earlier in response to the question, a continued acceleration as we move into 2019.
Scott Anthony Hill: So it's Scott. You've got a bit of an overinflated view of what we're doing in terms of credit x-revenue. So I think Ben is right in discussing TMC and BondPoint as around $100 million. You add in all the pieces together, it's only a little above that. So I think if you think about our bond businesses as a starting point at around $100 million business and, as Ben said, lots of growth opportunity on the top line and more importantly, in the near term, lots of opportunity to expand margins.
