Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning everybody on the call. We're pleased to have the opportunity to report the best year in ICE's history. As you can see on slide 4, 2016 was our 11th consecutive year of record revenue and record adjusted earnings. It was also our third consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings growth driven by our core business and the strong contributions from investments in our strategic growth initiatives over the last three years. Over that time, we've restructured and integrated NYSE Euronext, while delivering $530 million in synergies to-date. We're ahead of schedule on integrating Interactive Data Corporation with $70 million in synergies delivered in the first year. And we're now increasing our synergy forecasts for the next couple of years. As we integrated the NYSE and IDC, we delivered consistent top line growth, margin expansion and improving returns on invested capital, while also returning more than $2 billion in capital through dividends and share repurchases. We now possess the most comprehensive range of financial market solutions across trading, clearing, and data. Moving into 2017, we remain laser focused on creating value for our shareholders. We continue to skate where the puck is going just as we did when electronic trading and clearing emerged as new areas of growth a decade ago. Over the past five years, we've repositioned our company deeper into areas where growth is more sustainable and revenues are increasingly consistent. Since 2011, we've grown recurring revenues from 9% of our consolidated revenues to 53% in 2016. In the process, we've built modern data solutions by organizing our proprietary data, technology and acquisitions. Our approach leverages the global distribution of our exchanges, clearing houses and our proprietary data, which is an indispensable, growing component of our market participants' workflow. Our strategy continues to prove itself out with double-digit adjusted earnings growth, driven by each of our business segments. ICE Data Services demonstrated its ability to grow above the sector growth rate, while delivering leading operating margins. Our Financial Futures volumes grew double-digit in 2016. And ICE Brent Crude achieved the 20th consecutive year of record volumes. These are just a few of the great examples of drivers of our long-term growth, which provide the foundation of our confidence entering into 2017. I'll now turn the call over to Scott to review our 2016 performance and then I'll be back to discuss our strategy heading into this new year.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. While, I think, you used the word in your question which is we expect there's going to be change and whenever there's change it means that customers are having to change their behavior and modify their risk management practices. And we always do really well in these environments of change because we're pretty nimble and responsive and we have a pretty big toolkit. So, we do all of that as positive from a business environment standpoint and it validates the decisions we made long ago to have a jurisdiction placement in different jurisdictions of key people and key assets so that we can be pretty locally responsive and on top of those things. That being said, you do see this trend in the U.S. towards lighter touch regulation and you're going to have some kind of change going on in Europe post Brexit with the UK leaving the EU and both entities revaluating, in my opinion, the footprints of regulation that they have in order to remain globally competitive and have something that's relevant to their markets. So, a lot going on. It's why Scott is relatively confident that we begin the year with our data revenues up 8% contracted compared to last year. And a lot of that business has come from EMEA as people are positioning themselves really due to regulatory changes that are going on over there.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Well, first of all, let me just say that it's – we're in the reference data business, particularly strong, in certain segments of the reference data business around the fixed income platform. We're looking across our whole organization. The acquisition of Interactive Data Corporation sort of a light went on inside the company to say, boy, we have all kinds of reference data around here that we never really thought about digitizing. So we are investing this year and part of Scott's guidance is continued investment in the digitization of reference data so that we can make it available through the connectivity and the distribution channels that we have. So it's a very good and strong area for us and one that we feel like has growth opportunities. Customers increasingly want lots of choice in how they gather data. They oftentimes want multiple providers. And they want as much information as they can put on the digital highway so that it's easy for them to consume it. So, all of those trends are things that has caused us to up our investment in that area.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Let me start with the second part first, the equity options business. ICE is in almost every asset class in some manner around the world. And I would say to you that the U.S. equity options business is the most difficult business of any business that we're in. We're in it because it's part of the NYSE and all the other good things that we derive out of the NYSE. But that as a standalone business is incredibly challenged. If you look last year, there were new market participants come in as exchanges to list equity options. And the rate per contract fell as a result of that and volumes across the industry fell. So, in that environment, you have one or two choices, you can play a market share game and cut fees in order to talk about market share or you can try to maximize your business towards earnings potential and that's what we're doing, is the latter. We don't really care about share, we really care about finding our core group of customers that like what we do and the way we deliver it and it's the technology we have and are willing to pay us appropriately for it. And I let all that other noise just drift away and – to be very honest with you, Ken. The market has, at its core, a small handful of market makers that are very, very important to this country and to those markets, but those people are very sophisticated, they can move their business around that will, they use algorithms to maximize their profitability. And so, you've got to attack that market in a way that defines your business and as you can see, consistent through the presentation today, we're really looking for earnings per share growth long-term for our shareholders. So that is that business. The equities business is interesting to us and we're doing quite well in that business. We – when we look at the business today, there are a number of business models that exist. We believe the best model is the NYSE model of a hybrid floor and screen coupled with dedicated market makers. And the market also believes that is the best model and that particular model has the highest market share in the U.S. equity space. But there are customers that want choice and so, we have decided and announced earlier that we're going to you – we're going to list the other models if you will under the different medallions that we have and that is an all electronic model, which is very good for ETFs and ETF listings, a speed bump model. And we've got one other medallion we haven't announced yet what we're going to do there, but suffice to say that's our goal for customers to have a one-stop shop where they can get all the different models in one place at a very low cost with very good technology. And so, we'll look forward to delivering that. We're highly optimistic about our ability to grow earnings on the NYSE as a result of the investments that we're making there.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Well, first of all, let me just reiterate what I think you recognized, which is ICE had a business historically that came – the exhaustive (43:35) of a trading that was very targeted towards traders and the front office. And IDC had a business that was providing settlement prices that was very targeted towards the back office. And the combination of the sales force and what we're doing with the marketing effort is to be able to sell to the front, middle and back office across the broad array of products. So, if you talk to people in our commodity data business, they're seeing new customers, if you will, which are really the middle and back office of traditional IDC customers. So there's a commingling, if you will, of accounts that is going on and that's driving a lot growth that we see as a lot of our customers want to have a one-stop shop. I mentioned that, separately, we're seeing a lot of growth in EMEA as people are getting ready for MiFID II as the Basel rules are kicking in and as changes are going on with Brexit and the regulatory structure, particularly in Europe. That's spilling over somewhat now into Asia. We're seeing – we have offices – sales offices in Asia. They're able to take a lot of these products that we're building and adapt them for Asia. And we're making some investments there that we think are going to pay longer term dividends. And last year, we really saw the customer growth was in our historical energy commodity information which really grew a lot. That is still continuing to grow. There's some spillover coming out of last year as a lot of new customers are buying our data given that the market is becoming fragmented due to both competition and regulation and is driving the need for information. So, all of that is underneath the metrics that give us some confidence that this data business that we've been investing in is going to be a growth engine for us for a number of years.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Sure. Well, it relates to an outage that the New York Stock Exchange had on July 8th of 2015. And that outage was as a result of a failed upgrade of software and a latent bug that was discovered as a result of that process. We hold ourselves and NYSE holds itself to really high standards of business practice. And during that process, was providing a lot of timely and accurate communication as to what was going on in that market and was attempting to alert the market to the technical issues as they were being identified, which we have a regulatory obligation to do. So we dispute the appropriateness that – of the potential charges that the SEC wants to bring and we have a lot of defenses. And as a result of that, we made our own written submission to the SEC, articulating our points that at the end of the day it was a technology outage, it was very unfortunate, it was embarrassing and a black eye, but we don't believe that it actually violated any law.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, that's – we'll have – let's sit down and talk about that over dinner. I think the trend from what is being discussed at least is a lighter touch form of regulation. We'll see how that actually gets promulgated. But I would tell you that almost anything that we do around the New York Stock Exchange requires a rule change and requires a approval by the SEC. So, right now, we are operating in a very, very highly regulated somewhat restrictive business. So we would welcome the freedom to innovate and to do some – use some of the techniques and technology and things that we do in other markets and bring them into the U.S. equity space. So I'm thinking at least the rhetoric right now is quite positive towards the way we do business.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: I think you ought to be thinking about it as an affirmation of what we think's a terrific business. What we've said before – let's be really precise. What I said on the last call was we would grow at similar levels as we moved in 2017 as we delivered in 2016. I now said at least 6%. Underneath the covers, I noted that the pricing and analytics business, which is mostly our former IDC business, is going to grow faster than that and twice as fast as it did in 2016. I noted that in desktop, there'll be some erosion because of the IDMS sale. So we feel pretty good and feel like we're affirming what we've said before and hope that it's not lost on people that it's a business that's going to grow at least 6%. It's delivering 52% operating margin, which just doesn't exist in the data space. So it's a business that's growing quickly and a business that is generating very strong operating margin and it's one of the reasons why we're confident in saying we're going to return record levels of capital to shareholders this year. So, again, our view is it's an affirmation of a great business that's fully integrated and growing.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, it's hard to know how to dissect a trend, but we had two things going on; one was that we decided, as a result of the fact that we were the primary market in many markets that anyone that wanted to see the primary market should compensate the people that – us and essentially the people that are contributing to the primary market. And so, we changed our focus towards making sure that we got those people in our orbit as paying customers. And secondly, there just is this overall trend of people wanting more information. As the market fragments, the back office has to settle the books, what is the price? You've got prices all over the place and somebody has to stand there and say, this is how we're marketing the books, this is where the market is; a trader and a risk manager have to decide what's going on in this market, what is the price that I should buy at. And all of that kind of fragmentation starts to promote the use of algorithms, the front, middle and back office consumption of data. And so, as we've been very transparent with you, we believe that there was going to be a fragmentation trend in the market for years and have been over the last few years setting ourselves up to be in the growth area, the earnings growth area of that market, which is why we positioned the company where we have today and it's why we did well in that space last year.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Thank you, Andrew. I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. And Scott and I, Kelly will look forward to updating you on our progress during 2017. Have a good day.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. So, Mike, thanks for the question. There's a lot tied up in that and if I miss a part, let me know. So, let me start on the last question. The share guidance reflects only those repurchases that we would expect in the first quarter, the $200 million that we talked about on the call. We don't project our forward repurchases and therefore we don't project it in the share count. So that maybe why you're seeing the share count be relatively flat offset with the grants, as you talked about it. More importantly, in the script, I want to be really clear about this. What I said was return over $1 billion this year, not $1 billion. And so, you're going at the right starting point. So, even if you just assume similar cash flows to what we had in 2016 and the timing of certain cash flows can vary back and forth; that was over $2 billion. If you net out of that CapEx, you're looking at free cash flow of $1.8 billion. We talked about $475 million of dividends with the increase that we put in. We're probably about $400 million give or take a little bit of debt reduction to get to our leverage target. That leaves us substantial amount of money for share repurchases. And Jeff was very clear, we've got a $950 million authorization. We've come out strongly in the first quarter with $200 million and I said explicitly that it's our intent to return 100% of our free cash flow that we don't need for investments in the business or dividends to our shareholders and that'll likely come through repurchases. So, I think the expectation for this year should be a very strong capital return and frankly the most capital we've returned in the history of the company.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. It was actually in our numbers for 2016. If you looked at our Qs and Ks, we had disclosed that as we moved through the year. There're a couple things that I think are important to note there. Number one, the impact to your tax rate depends on the size of your pre-tax profit, and ours is significantly larger and so the impact from that change is a bit smaller, number one. Number two, be really careful because that is a presentation change. It has nothing to do with cash. And so, again, net-net, it's reflected in our tax rate in 2016, it's reflected in our guidance in 2017. It's a relatively smaller impact for us because of the size of the pre-tax profit we generate.
Scott A. Hill: Yup. It's a good question, Rich. So you're exactly right. So, the guidance is net of the acquisition of the S&P businesses in the fourth quarter, the divestment of IDMS, which we expect to close in the first quarter and a smaller data acquisition that we also expect to include in the first quarter. You net all of that out and it's roughly a wash. I said $12 million to $14 million of incremental revenue, which on a $2 billion database (sic) [revenue base] (28:11) is nothing. And so, the guidance of at least 6% growth nets all that in. Importantly, when the IDMS business closes and that new smaller data acquisition closes in the first quarter, you will see a reduction in revenues in the second, third and fourth quarter of about $12 million each per quarter. And associated with that is a reduction in expenses of about $10 million per quarter. So you get a sense of the margin profile of the business being divested and our comments on the script about evaluating our portfolio. So that is all netted in the expectation and again, at least 6% is on a constant currency basis. Currency right now looks like it's about 1.5 to 2-point hurt in 2017 versus 2016, if current spot rates hold.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah, it's good question. And we have back tested, if you will, the metric a bit and it's a good indicator. It's not a perfect indicator, nothing is, because as you move through the year, you look at new sales and what the trends are there, the mix of products that are being sold, et cetera, but it is a good indicator that's why I mentioned it. I think our confidence in our data business growing is supported by the metric, that metric being up 8% entering the year. And by the way, that up 8% is on an apples to apples constant currency basis, so it directly relates to the revenue growth. I think it's relatively more indicative of, if you will, the former IDC business. And I think it's important to note that that business, which is largely reflected in our pricing and analytics, we expect to grow two times faster this year than it did last year. And so, while the overall growth is at least 6%, the leader of that growth this year is going to be that pricing and analytics business. It's going to be for the reasons that Jeff talked about, with particular strength in Europe, with particular demand for more information around bond pricing, et cetera. And so, overall, my expectation, as opposed to this year, where exchange data was the faster growing segment, exchange data will be a solid contributor once again in 2017. But it's really that pricing and analytics business that will grow faster than the overall data revenues. And then it's going to be a bit of a mixed bag in connectivity and desktops as we move through the year. Connectivity, as I said, we're seeing more and more customers want more and more of our data and move up to larger ports, which is obviously going to generate revenue growth in connectivity. But, in desktops, that's where the IDMS business is, that business will be coming out in the second through the fourth quarter. And so, as you look at the year-over-year dynamics of that, it won't look particularly appealing, but again, that will be largely reflective of the divestment. So, hopefully that gives you a little bit of a flavor for the pieces underneath the total.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah, we actually put that explicitly on chart 11, so it's a $30 million benefit in our expenses just parceled through the year.
Scott A. Hill: So, Ken with the additional $25 million to $30 million that kind of leaves us toway I would think about it is we're going to get little less than half this year, and then, the rest of it in 2018 and 2019.
Scott A. Hill: Hey, Chris, let me start, if you don't mind, just with a few data points. Look, as Jeff said, we have never tried to predict volatility and we're not going to predict it this year. But our open interest level for our total oil business was at a record-level at the end of 2016. And underneath the covers, our WTI business, record-level; our Brent business, barely off record-level; European natural gas open interest, record-levels; our agriculture and metals business, record-level open interest; our equity indices business, which grew really well in 2016, record open interest level. So, when I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we don't predict our trading and clearing revenues because we can't predict volatility, we feel good about where we are from an open interest standpoint. A lot of point talk about their volume growth and that's interesting, but not really relevant. What matters is where are your open interest levels, how much of your participation is commercial participants, what are you doing in terms of delivering new products to those customers. And if we look at the combination of those things, if there's a little bit of volatility, we'll grow a little bit, if there's a lot of volatility, we'll see some solid growth. So we feel good about the metrics, we're just not looking to predict volatility.
Scott A. Hill: The at least 6% on constant currency includes everything. And again, I feel like we're missing the forest for the tree. This is a really good business where we've said historically we would grow similarly to what we did last year. We grew 6% to 7% last year. We're going to grow 6% this year. We're going to generate 52% operating margin and the pricing and analytics business, it's going to grow twice as fast as it did in 2016. This is a great business. And again, don't lose sight of the fact that I said at least 6%. And so that means we likely think more than 6%; similar to 6% to 7% meaning likely more than 6%.
Scott A. Hill: Well, we're in an appeals process around Trayport. So there's no update because we don't know the outcome of that process. As a result of that, I would say to you, it's a business we like. It's a good business and it's doing well. So it is included in our guidance consistent with our appeal that we should be the long-term owner of that business.
