Scott A. Hill: Yes, Rich, look, there are a lot of moving parts, and I'll acknowledge this year has been a little bit bumpy as we've tried to get our arms around it as well. I think that the high-level picture is what I said in my remarks. The synergy realization is accelerating. You see that in the third quarter. You see it in our improved full year guidance. You're going to see it in the first quarter, and you're going to see it in 2014. So we've talked previously about being on a run rate as we hit the first quarter of $350 million. I think that's going to now be north of $380 million. I think, if you look on an absolute basis in 2015, we're going to realize another $135 million or so of synergies. There'll be some incremental investments. I mean, we are going to restore the bonus. We are going to have an increased program with some of our employees. But even if you net out maybe $30 million of incremental investment, that still means our expense base will come down by over $100 million in 2015. As you mentioned, we do have some acquisitions, but any expense we add there is going to be more than compensated by revenue, and that's before we even start to talk about the synergies we think we can generate around those businesses, predominantly growth-related synergies and top line synergies. So as I look at the expense in the fourth quarter and into 2015, we're feeling really good. And frankly, even as we think about our exit rate, we've talked previously about $450 million as we move into '16, I think we're going to be ahead of that number as well. So the headline is the expenses are going to be better. We'll certainly give you more guidance as we enter into 2015 on our fourth quarter earnings call. But I think, for now, we've given you a good view of what we think fourth quarter looks like, and I've given you a few pieces to work with in 2015.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. So it's a fair question, Ken. The challenge is there's probably 6 or 8 different things that make that $100 million up. So in the scheme of things, $100 million of our $3 billion of revenue is relatively small, and if I broke it out in a lot of detail, we're talking about even smaller numbers. It's network connectivity fees around safety. It's -- I talked a little bit in my prepared remarks about the corporate governance services that we provide. That's embedded in there. So I think we've tried to give you a little bit of guidance in terms of our expectations. Other revenues are going to be relatively stable. We'd certainly come out and be transparent if we thought there was going to be a material up or down move in that line. But generally speaking, they're just -- there are a number of smaller items that make the amount up, and I don't think it would provide a whole lot of value to investors to provide a lot of additional detail.
Scott A. Hill: It wasn't. The market data revenues are really -- it's what you talked about. So we had a little bit of a blip as we worked through the Euronext transition in the second quarter. As we mentioned on the 2Q earnings call, we did expect that to come back, and it did. But what you're really seeing in the market data is we continue to see more people that want ID, more people that want our screen. That trend line continues up for us. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I really think it's indicative of the continued interest in our markets. And so people tend to focus on volumes down 17% or flat volumes, but if you step back and you look at market data trends, if you look at open interest trends, if you look at the number of people who are wanting access to our markets, that's why you get an October when volatility returns and Brent volumes are great and Sterling volumes are great. So it really is about interest in the markets. It's about the data that we're growing and have the ability to package up and sell. And that's another area where, frankly, SuperDerivatives is going to contribute in the future, is the ability to distribute even more data in a more seamless manner. So those are the kind of things that are going to drive that growth line. Make no mistake, the benchmark -- the IBA business is certainly one that, as we move into 2015, we do expect to grow, and I expect you'll see that helping the market data fees as well. But in the quarter, it's really more about the growing interest in our markets.
Scott A. Hill: I think it goes back to what Jeff said, Chris. I'm most optimistic about our ability to grow earnings. And we are in a difficult volume environment. But I step back and look at all the other levers that we've got in order to generate growth. We've got a very strong market data business. We've got a business in listings that had a very good 2014. And as you know, that largely flows through into revenues in 2015. We've got -- I just basically gave you a 2015 guidance that we're going to take out over $100 million of expenses next year. We've repurchased 2% of our outstanding shares since we closed the deal. So as I look towards 2015, even in a difficult volume environment, I'm very confident we'll grow our earnings double digits next year. So I feel -- look, and then again, I look at an October that had huge Brent volume growth. Again, OI has been trending up. Here comes volatility. There goes volumes. The U.K. sentiment is improving, as I mentioned. There goes Sterling and Gilt volumes in October. I look at equity indices that I think I mentioned were up 50% year-over-year in October. Continued strength in the MSCI contract, continued strength in the FTSE. So I think, when the buyside you're referring to talks about challenges, they're thinking about Euribor and nat gas. And we're more than Euribor and nat gas, and I think that's what gets missed.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, Chris, I think there are a couple things. I think, number one, it's -- we've had to merge the finance and forecasting systems and all that over the course of the year, and we're just getting better at getting the information up into a consumable fashion. But I think the other thing that we're really focused in on, and we've talked about this a lot, we, historically, at ICE have had about 5% of our population in consultants, give or take a little bit. NYSE was closer to 20%. And we've mentioned on at least 2 or 3 occasions that, that's an area where we've been focused and where we're starting to see some yield from those efforts. I think, as you look into fourth quarter, you're going to see professional services expense start to trend down a little bit related to the exits of some of those consulting resources. So it's really -- it's just executing our plans, getting our arms around a little better the data that's coming up through our consolidated systems. And then it's really been a laser focus on trying to get back to the resource model that we've driven historically at ICE.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, Alex, look, first of all, I think you have to remember that we were effectively precluded from doing buybacks until we got delevered. And so the big burst that you saw after Euronext was us taking Euronext proceeds, getting delevered and, I would suggest to you, catching up a little bit from the fact that we hadn't been in the market earlier in the year. I wouldn't change the way we characterize our thinking about share repurchases now. We've got strong cash flows. We pay our dividend. We're able to make acquisitions. And then we look at what's the capital that we have left, what's available to us and what is the highest-value investment that we can make. And right now, looking at our share price and where it's been and where it's trending, that still looks like a pretty good deal, and I think that's reflected in what you're seeing as kind of a steady participation by us in the market.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, Niamh, thanks for the question. So I do think that you can look at 2014 as kind of a marker for where we would expect to be in 2015. The major investments that are embedded in that are the ones that we've talked about before. It's CapEx. It's real estate, as you noted, largely around us consolidating our real estate footprint in our major cities, particularly in New York, here in Atlanta, in London, et cetera. Obviously, with the addition of SuperD, we'll have some additional real estate and some additional consolidation work that we'll need to do. So I do think that what you're seeing in 2014 in terms of total levels of CapEx will be pretty consistent as you move into 2015. A big part of that investment, frankly, is enabling the synergies that we're achieving in the cost line. And so I mentioned earlier, 2015, I think, is going to be another good year in terms of synergy realization. And I think, as you get out into '16 and '17, you'll start to see those CapEx levels come down.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, so I think, Niamh, the rationale -- it's not a gimmick. I mean, the rationale is simply what you said, which is we believe that excluding the amortization of intangibles will give investors a much better view into the cash generative power of our earnings. Frankly, it's something that you see a lot of technology-oriented and particularly acquisitive technology-oriented companies doing in order to highlight, again, the cash generative trends embedded in their EPS. So this is really an effort on our part to continue to provide increasing amounts of transparency to shareholders. Importantly, though, we're not walking away from the investments that we've made. We're going to continue to focus on our returns on invested capital. That is a meaningful metric. Even as we -- we're kind of working our way through having that full investment embedded in that metric, and the profitability's still impacted by some of the integration costs, our ROIC remains above those of our nearest competitors. And again, we're at the bottom now, and the trend is only up from here. So I think the move to the adjusted EPS excluding the deal-related intangibles is common to acquisitive companies. It's more transparent for our shareholders, and we'll continue to focus on our returns. And Niamh, I know you follow the space well. Another company that just, for example, in our industry, does it is the London Stock Exchange. And again, I think it's -- Xavier does it for a similar set of reasons.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. It's a good question. And I think it's somewhat reflected in kind of what we've referred to, the investments as we entered into 2014, and I gave you kind of a brief preview of 2015. It's kind of in that 2% to 3% range. We had mentioned, coming into this year, $350 million [ph]. And that's on an expense base that, give or take a little bit, $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion, similarly, based on our guidance now, will be around $1.5 billion. I mentioned $30 million-ish of investments next year, which is about 2%. So -- and I think if you go back and look historically, that tends to be what you've seen from us. It's not a big expense growth. It largely is around us either hiring technology resources or continuing to pay competitively for our resources, but you don't see a lot of growth in professional services or SG&A or rent or any of those other lines. In fact, as we've consolidated real estate, rent has come down. As we've eliminated consultants, professional services have gone down. And so I'd say, overall, kind of 2% to 3% is a decent expectation bottom line. That's probably a little more on the compensation line, with some efficiencies generated out of the other line.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I think, historically, we've tended to underperform when you see spikes of volatility because we don't have the hedge funds. We don't tend to have more of the guys who are taking a speculative view on which way energy prices will go -- are going. But when you see a more sustained volatility, which we did see through October, it's a spike relative to what we'd seen in the year, but we were fairly confident in the month. What you see is OI positions that have grown, which is indicative of the commercial customers who are trading in our markets. They start to manage their positions around that volatility, trying to figure out what is this signal for where prices are going to be 3 months from now, 6 months from now, 9 months from now. And so I think it really gets down to the commercial customers that are in our base and the growth in open interest. And then once the volatility returns, it's those commercial customers that are managing their positions that tend to lead to the volume growth that we see. And that's why, with those spikes, you don't see big changes in our RPC. It tends to be pretty stable because it's not the price-sensitive guys that are piling in with volume. It's commercial customers that are managing their risk positions.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. So obviously, the big one, as we exit this year, and Jeff mentioned, we're 4 out of the 5 transition cycles through the Liffe integration. We've got to get the fifth one done. That's the big one as we enter the year. As you look over the course of 2015, it's really some clean-up around some of the corporate functions and systems that we're integrating, Project Abby being an important one that will help us rationalize the technology footprint at the New York Stock Exchange. Clearly, real estate consolidation as we move later into '15 and into 2016. Prior to the NYSE deal, I think we peaked at 11 different leases in New York. We had finally gotten down to one prior to the deal. We've now got a handful of leases in New York again. We'll look to consolidate those. And again, that's why they're '15, '16. And then the other thing we announced, I think it was earlier in October, was that we're going to be bringing the regulation of the markets at NYSE back in-house. And so that's a synergy we'll be working on over the course of 2015. Frankly, embedded in the investments is the investment to build that functionality at NYSE. And then as you get out to 2016, we'll take that function on. So those are some of the bigger things. As you might expect, as we get deeper into '15, the items start to shrink in size, and it's a handful of smaller items as opposed to 1 or 2 large items.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, it's a great question. So as I step back and look at what's really driving the growth this year, the notional that's been cleared this year has been about 70% from the buyside. And if you think about it, 2 years ago, buyside wasn't even in clearing. Well, last year, I think it was 26% of our notional. This year, it's 70% of the notional. And that's what's really driving the revenue performance. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that European clients now make up 40% of the volume that we're clearing. Those European clients don't have a mandate to clear. And they're showing up in our clearing house because, number one, there is uncertainty in Europe with regards to what is the impact of Mifid II, what is the impact of EMIR. And I think customers are starting -- European customers are starting to look for what's become a relatively more certain environment in the U.S. I also think that they're attracted to the fact that we offer clearing not just of the indexed products, which is interesting but not particularly relevant if you don't also offer the single names. If you're long the names and short the index or vice versa, you don't want to be margined on both parts of that. You want to come to a clearing house that can offer you portfolio margining. We can do that. A lot of the trading activity that is happening today where we are seeing growth in CDS is single names, and it is sovereign. We offer all the major single names. We offer all the major sovereign CDS products. Remember that we still have to launch, but the ones where the trading is the largest, we offer those products for clearing. So I think all of those have been catalysts for the CDS growth, frankly. We earned -- or I said $23 million in the third quarter. We earned $12 million of revenue in the month of October. So as the CDS [indiscernible] were changed and we saw the lull moving to October, we had a fantastic October to continue that trend. As far as where the market goes, I think the big unknown is the last thing you asked in your question, and that's what happens with the trading environment. And I really -- my view is I think there are going to be 2 differences. I think, from an Endex standpoint, the question is does the indexed product stay in the over-the-counter market, as it is today, or does it move into something that's more like a futures. And we're working with the market to figure out what that product design might look like. Frankly, I think the single name is unlikely to change. I think that, as people are finding it harder and harder to get exposure to company's credit through the bonds, that we're seeing a pickup in that CDS activity. I think that's a good trend as we look forward. So I think there are a number of drivers. Even though the buyside has started to move in this year in size, I still think there's a lot of buyside clearing to go. So I think there are a number of growth drivers. Being able to tell you that I think a business is going to do just under 100, can grow 10%, 15%, 20%, 25% a year, I think it's hard to say without knowing the trading environment. But I certainly think the trend is up. I certainly think it's still a growth business for us. And again, an important thing not to get lost is it's not just revenue. It drops meaningful profit to our bottom line. So it's a good business for us. We expect it to continue to grow. And I think the big trends behind it are the buyside and the global nature of the clearing house here in the U.S.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I think it's somewhere in the middle. I certainly don't expect some math that's step function because, again, we are seeing -- and it's not unusual, right? I mean, typically, it doesn't take a law to move people to clearing. It takes a realization that clearing really does reduce risk. So I think we are seeing the buyside move in. I certainly think the mandates will help. We saw that here in the U.S. We got some early participation from the buyside. But once the U.S. mandates kicked in, we certainly did see an uptick in the revenue. So I think that the subsequent mandates in Europe, which I'm now hearing could be pushed out all the way into early 2016, will halt, but I don't think it's a step function. I think the growth in that business, again, is going to come from an improvement of the trading environment, us continuing to launch more products and more people, more buyside customers in particular, seeking out efficient portfolio margining that we can deliver in our clearing house.
Scott A. Hill: Well, just -- but to kind of put an edge on that point, market share has been pretty stable at about 55% of the total oil anyway. So you talk about the trading schemes and the buy-1-get-3-free-type programs, the reality is the Brent market keeps getting bigger. I think Brent OI now -- our Brent OI is now larger than the OI of the CME's WTI. And so as I look at total share, as I look at the nature of the volumes that we're getting the revenue that it generates, we feel pretty good about where we are in our oil franchise.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, the interesting thing about physical commodities, including oil, is that there are always supply and demand consequences, and the market is always reacting to those, and then you throw on top of it acts of God that tend to impact delivery. And so you have natural volatility, which is why our customers hedge. The last time oil prices came down, we set volume records. The market does better for us when there is just volatility in the market. It doesn't matter whether it's volatility to the downside or volatility to the upside. And then as you pointed out, when you get in sustained periods at price lows or price highs and without a lot of volatility, the market kind of settles down again and we don't see as much trading activity. So long story short, we've sat for quite a long time around the $100-barrel level, plus or minus, and we seem to be resetting. So this is a very good trend for us. You lay on top of that macro trends that I mentioned to you, which is just the increased use of Brent ever since this company has been a public company -- and in fact, in our public company roadshow, we talked about how we were going to go out and really market Brent. And we've been doing that for the last decade, and it's paying off. We're -- it's growing in the indexation of the business. The options business, which there was none for Brent, is now a growth driver for us. We've been able to shift commercial customers increasingly to use Brent for hedging, including customers in the U.S. that used to not really think of Brent as a natural hedge, and so all of those macro trends laying on top of the volatility in pricing, which bodes well for us. Last but not least, open interest is growing. That's always a good indicator when the markets are operating, and so it's a good predictor for future volumes for us under these conditions.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Ken, this is Jeff. Yes, well, I've been pretty outspoken that I don't really believe that -- in payment for order flow schemes. I think they're value-destructive for shareholders. But beyond that, as a regulated exchange, if you want to pay people to show up in the market, in other words, expand the market by attracting traders that really don't want to hold the risk of your products but just want to pay to -- get paid to be there, it creates an incentive, unfortunately, for people that do wash trades, in other words, to buy and sell without ever actually trying -- holding any risk. And that's a disservice to the market, and it's self-regulated organizations. That's a policy that we need to prohibit. And so to actually be creating incentives to do that at the same time that you're trying to prohibit it seems counterintuitive and counterproductive. So what we have done in the new businesses that we have acquired is brought our philosophy on how to operate markets to those, and we're making subtle changes in the way we compensate market makers who do provide a valuable service to the market and getting rid of pricing schemes that we don't like, that we don't think are helpful. Obviously, at the New York Stock Exchange, we've been quite public about it, because of its stature, in how we've been eliminating order types and simplifying the business. And I think, at the end of the day, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the people that actually want to hold risk are attracted to those kinds of markets. They want to participate in markets where they're fair and they're transparent and they can get business done and that they're not subject to a lot of predatory practices that are really there because of economic incentives. And it's why, frankly, you hear us not talk a lot about market share or trying to use ICE's absolute volumes as a predictor of our earnings per share. We're a growth company, and when we talk about growth, we mean earnings per share growth and shareholder value creation and not just growing top line volumes, which we could easily do by having payment for order flow schemes. But it's just really not in our DNA. We have other actors in the market that do, do those things. It allows us to differentiate ourselves. And when we differentiate ourselves, it gives us a selling opportunity to customers, and that's what I mentioned is happening, we believe, in the Brent market. And it's really -- it creates a virtuous circle for us because these kinds of commercial users of markets really are quite sticky and appreciate the kind of service that we provide.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: I think it's fair to say there's more to go in the sense that all the new businesses that we acquire have legacy contracts in place and legacy pricing systems and other things that, either through regulatory action or through letting contracts run off, take time to change. But we have our teams focused on exactly these issues, on simplifying markets, making them better, more transparent, and I think that work will continue well into 2015.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, it's a good question. First of all, I think, actually, if you look at our pricing schedule, the bulk of our earnings probably today come substantially due to clearing and post-trade services, which is a big shift for the company just given that in 2007 was the first time we even had any kind of clearing infrastructure, and we really started expanding it during the financial crisis and shortly thereafter. But what we're hearing from our customers, particularly due to the regulatory uncertainty which exists in almost every jurisdiction around the world, is that people need solutions. And the rules are still being written, so that it's not fully clear to everybody what solutions are needed and where they are needed. And so it's just been our goal really since the financial crisis to be -- have assets geographically located and up and down the value chain so that we can provide those services. And we've been surprised. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it's surprising to see the European business leaving Europe and coming to the U.S. That isn't something we really could have predicted even 2 years ago. We have a strong sentiment that business is going to continue to move to Asia, and we're making investments there. We see our competitors following us oftentimes in those areas, so I think there's obviously a trend going on there. So long story short, during these times of uncertainty, it's been good for us to have a lot of assets, and we'll see how they play out. Honestly, we just want to provide solutions and charge appropriately for them, and our customers will largely dictate where that value will be created and what part of the value chain that they're willing to give to us.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Sure. Well, the first thing is we are amazed by the breadth of the use of LIBOR around the world. Just the sheer number of people that will need a license from us is somewhat overwhelming. And so we've been having a lot of conversations with industry trade groups and other ways of talking to a lot of customers at one time and one -- through one voice and one venue about how we go about actually signing people up and, ultimately, charging for the -- for an appropriate value. Everyone wants LIBOR to be improved. Everyone wants LIBOR to be more predictable and based on auditable transactions. And so there's a strong interest in having us continue to invest in that product, and then the real question is how does the market pay for that and reward us for taking a risk. We spent a number of quarters having those conversations. We've not really settled on a plan that -- as Scott mentioned, we'll start seeing economics roll through us in 2015. We do want to make it easy for people to sign up. I think, as we continue to integrate SuperDerivatives into the company, we'll have a platform by which it will be easier for our customers to access the LIBOR, if they don't have an easy way to access it already. And so that's, directionally, the plan we're going. I think you're going to see it play out in 2015 and beyond as the market gets used to the fact that this is a benchmark that has value, that is transparent, that they do rely on and they're willing to market -- willing to license as we market it to them.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, Alex, as you know -- I think you know we now have Tom Farley, who's been a longtime colleague of everyone in this room, who's now fully ensconced in the exchange, and really his eyes and ears to be the envoy of -- to take the kind of operational mentality that we've had at ICE that has worked successfully for us and to put it into the exchange. So I think the NYSE is a great business and a great franchise and a great brand and has a lot of respect in the marketplace. And I think that it can be differentiated from others that want to provide services on more of a commodity basis. And what we have seen is there certainly are areas where people want to pay more to be affiliated with us and to also take advantage of the systems that we've put in place. I mean, it shouldn't be lost on anyone that, for example, the Alibaba IPO, which was one of the -- it was not only the largest IPO in history, but it was one of the most complicated transactions in terms of the number of firms on Wall Street that were involved, the distribution of their systems around the world, the pressure on the entire capital-raising platform around U.S. listings to manage that kind of demand in a single moment in time where we pushed millions of shares serially through these systems without a glitch. And so that was owed a lot of testing, a lot of communication, a really improving relationship I think we have with The Street and the market distribution system, all of which people are willing to pay for. So it's in that scheme that we're thinking about the New York Stock Exchange and what else we can continue to do there. You laid out on the fact that, I think, matching a buyer and seller of a U.S. equity is about the most simple market in the world. I mean, it's amazing how overly complicated the world has made what really should be, in my mind, the most simple market in the world. And we've gotten to a point where the average transaction size, regardless of who's buying, is 200 shares of stock. It really has gotten to a point where you can no longer tell the difference between a large institutional investor, an ETF buyer, you and I as retail investors or anyone else. And so it's become incredibly homogeneous and egalitarian, in a sense. And so it just sort of demands simplicity, and it seems like the simpler we try to make it, the more we're being rewarded. And so we're going to continue on that trend.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Those are both good questions. First of all, on clearing, we don't really know where the market's going to go. I mean, one thing you can see is that the well-capitalized exchange operators are increasingly building clearing infrastructure and opening new clearing houses around the world. I think the clearing business is going to take well-capitalized operators because these are very complex businesses, and the barrier to entry is rising as a result of the capital needs of these clearing houses. We don't know what the Basel rules yet are going to do to many of our customers in terms of their ability to lend collateral and hold collateral and rehypothecate collateral on behalf of customers, whether or not it's going to make sense geographically to separate that or whether it will -- whether market forces will try to consolidate clearing in a small number of venues. We literally just don't know. And the nice thing about the Holland Clearing House is that it is an established clearing house with a customer that is providing revenues to cover the operation of that clearing house. It gives us a footprint in Continental Europe. There's a lawsuit, as you may know, that's going on between the U.K. and the EU over whether or not euro-denominated products should be cleared in the Eurozone. We don't know the outcome of that. I don't -- as a manager, I'm not willing to speculate on it. I just want to make sure that our customers can seamlessly operate with us should the lawsuit go one way versus another. So it gave us a really good reason to keep diversity. We put all of those clearing houses on a single platform. We have a small group of highly talented quantitative people that, increasingly, our customers are coming to know. We have a small group of really highly talented regulatory people that are providing a lot of advice to our customers. And so we're in a position to move positions around the world on behalf of our customers very, very seamlessly. And you've seen us do it many times before. We understand how it's done. Our customers have confidence in our ability to do it. So we just want to maintain that flexibility for them. I wish I knew the answer to it because we'd bias our behavior one place versus another. But right now, what are customers are telling us is regulatory reform has not yet rolled out. The Basel rules have not yet rolled out. And until we all have a pretty good view of what it ultimately looks like, people want to have a lot of flexibility. With respect to SuperDerivatives, one of the interesting things that has happened to this company is that, with the result of moving into various asset classes now, we have a very, very large and diverse data business. It's all been embedded at the various exchanges, largely. But increasingly now, with ICE Benchmark Administration, creating benchmarks with our swaps data repositories, holding positions, and with all of the clearing and execution venues that we have, both futures and OTC around the world across various asset classes, we have quite a data package. And SuperDerivatives gives us an opportunity to think about how we can best provide that directly to our customers for those that may want to take it that way. And in addition, we are producing a lot of risk management data and tools inside the company that we use in clearing. And increasingly, our customers want access to those so that they can do pro forma calculations and risk management ahead of trading. Particularly, I think, that's going to increase as customers are faced with limited collateral and multiple choices from global exchange operators on where and how to do business. And so it's hard to size that opportunity. I think it's a business that came along at exactly the right time for us because our customers are telling us that these are the kinds of things that they need access to. And I think the people at SuperDerivatives are better prepared to build a lot of that than ICE is itself. And so we're already integrating that company quickly, and we're turning over a lot of responsibilities to them. And I think we'll see how it pays dividends on the top line, but I know it's going to increase customer satisfaction a lot.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, it's a good question. I do think that what, as I mentioned before, what the market is sort of shaping up is the well-capitalized exchange operators are really investing in clearing technology and innovation around clearing technology. And I think you're going to see the sort of the usual suspects have very, very broad offerings across multiple asset classes and multiple jurisdictions. And it's ultimately then going to be the ability to market to customers, the ability to provide the right tools to give people the most capital-efficient way of doing business. I think that ICE led the way, for example, in investing in our risk waterfall. That was not a common process earlier in the history of clearing. So we've got skin in the game that influences the capital needs of our customers, lowers them, for example, but also similarly increases the demand, if you will, internally for our own people to manage that business as if it was their own money, because it is, and do a better job. And I think little innovative techniques along the way will differentiate the clearing houses. But I do think we've pretty much seen who the main players are going to be and where they're likely going to be located.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, look, I think I would characterize the Brazil relationship as continuing on a positive note, probably a little slower than what we would have anticipated. But I think, importantly, we've got a bond platform that we've launched with Cetip that has started to pick up some meaningful share. It's certainly being noticed by market participants, and that's one initiative that we've been very successful with. As you know, there's not a lot of clearing choice in Brazil. We have a strong clearing franchise of -- you might imagine there are other projects that we're working on with them. So I did say 2 or 3 years ago that I thought, as we got into '15, that we would start to see a little bit of yield. I think that's probably still a couple of years away in terms of seeing a meaningful yield within our P&L. That notwithstanding, we do think it is a very strategic environment for us. And I think Brazil is an important country. It's very commodity-rich. And so I think it's an important relationship where we'll continue to invest. I think the other thing not to get lost is we do participate as shareholders in the dividend, and you we saw, I think it was in the second quarter, where we got a meaningful dividend from that relationship as well. But on the more strategic front, I would characterize it as a little slower than we had anticipated but still a very positive relationship, a strong relationship and one that we do think will bear fruit as we look out into the future.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, sure. It's very hard to put numbers on it, and I know that's what, ultimately, you need. And as an entrepreneur, what I see in the company is that we have a lot of content, and we have an amazing sales force and customer relationship footprint. And they had great technology and really good quantitative people. And so it looks to us like 1 and 1 makes 3 in this regard. I really do think that ICE will have a lot of content and the distribution capabilities that we can bring to their systems, and we're embedding their quants right away into our risk management infrastructure, and they're helping us with a lot of complicated multi-asset class derivatizes that I think will pay dividends down the road in clearing and settlement capabilities. So it's all -- much of it is forward-looking, but it's a very, very nice fit for us. And it was an entrepreneurial company. It is an entrepreneurial company. It fits well within our culture. I think it's a company that we'll be able to quickly deliver some results on. With respect to Singapore, we -- we've spent the last few quarters basically embedding the ICE clearing and trading technology into that Singapore Exchange. We've put a whole new team around it, hired risk managers and are working with the customers there and the regulator there to now move forward with this launch that we anticipate will happen in March of '15. We just see a lot of demand in Asia. And ICE has grew -- if you look at us, we grew all through the financial crisis, and largely it was because the emerging economies were adopting risk management, and many of them were prepared to come and meet us in Europe to do business. With the uncertainties about European regulation, it's just it's not clear whether or not, to us, Asian customers want to come there, whether they would prefer to meet us in the U.S. or whether they want to meet in Singapore. And so I know that all of this new infrastructure for regulation and reporting and oversight is very, very complicated. And the further away you get from your own domicile, the harder it is to fully comprehend this stuff. And so it's why we really think there's a regional opportunity out there. What business moves that way? It's hard to say, but we want to -- if we're all going to be on the same platform and in the same systems and the same people involved, then I think we can provide that opportunity somewhat seamlessly to the market, and we'll just see where the market takes us.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes. It's hard to know what that arbitrage is. We know -- we just look at the markets and people that are in the markets, and we can see behavior that looks like somebody that's trying to get paid by moving trades back and forth on a competitive exchange and then ultimately looking at us as the primary market to figure out where the real price is and laying off, from time to time, that risk back into the primary market, for which we charge full price and benefit. And it really is a transfer of wealth from one company to another. So we try to set it up that way. We try to charge people that way so that we get some net benefit out of what our competitors do. It's not something we can predict. We never know what our competitors are going to do, what schemes they may have. But importantly, we have a pretty close eye on it, and we do monitor trading activity in our markets and adjust our pricing and response accordingly to try to grow revenues, which is really what we're all about here, not necessarily market share.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes. Well, one of the things that's going on right now is a consultation in Europe about oil pricing in general and the regulation of benchmarks more broadly. There's going to be some -- there's the consultation going. There's an opportunity for the market to talk to the regulators about the commodities markets, and specifically the oil markets, on the need or lack of need for additional regulation. We're in the business of producing benchmarks now, and we've got the infrastructure to do it and the governance around it and a good relationship with the regulators. We're going to let that process play out. Our customers are going to have a strong say in it. As you regulate benchmarks, you're really pulling in the physical markets, the underlying markets and the transaction in those markets which make up the benchmark. So you're moving regulation further down the chain, and that impacts our customers, so we'll see what their response is. But broadly speaking, we're set up really for however the regulators come out and want us to operate that benchmark. The Brent index is a benchmark that we do set and have set for many, many years internally. And those processes may become more transparent, I suspect, as the nature of benchmark price setting is trending that way generally.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, thank you, Kate, and thank you all for joining us this morning. And we'll look forward to continuing to speak with you throughout the quarter. Have a good day.
