Scott Hill: So, Ken first of all the guidance range we gave constant currency is roughly 4% to 6% year-over-year, so just to take any concerns or questions out regarding what a constant currency guide is in those dollar terms. If you think about ASV at 6%, if you remember that's 90% of our revenue. As I said in my prepared remarks, in 2018 our overall data business grew 5%. Our ASV revenue grew 6%. And so the elements that aren't inside ASV things like NMS, session fees et cetera haven't been and we don't expect will become big growth drivers in the overall business. So I actually think, if you take the absolute value ASV and you consider it as 90% of our revenue, it gives you -- it pushes you right into the middle of our range. So I feel like we're set up very well to deliver another year of solid growth in the data business. The mix of that's going to look a little different. The Pricing & Analytics business as I mentioned is moved up from 4.5% to over 5% to 6.5% and I think it's headed to 7% this year. Connectivity on the other side capacity growth has been tremendous over the last couple of years. I think that will likely slow a little bit this year as customers consume that capacity. But again you're seeing that content coming through the additional capacity in Pricing and Analytics grow. But connectivity itself is likely to be closer to a 1% to 2% growth. And then exchange data is going to be in the middle of those two with our futures and exchange data continuing to be in strong demand, some additional value capture from oil products that we were able to add to our energy packages. And so overall I feel like 2019 sets up to be a very good year and I actually think the ASV aligns perfectly with what the guidance suggests.
Scott Hill: Yeah, thanks for the question. So the interesting thing about that model is there are parts of the business where as you look at 2019 expectation it fits perfectly. There's a very good balance in the Pricing and Analytics business, which I just said I think is going to go around 7% for the year. New products, your reference data products, indices -- by the way Ken the answer to your question is the Bank of America Merrill Lynch indices are fully organic this year. Everything is, because there weren't data acquisitions last year. So all our growth in 2019 will be organic. But we've got new products that are driving growth, new customers; the MiFID II introduced us to a lot of small and medium-sized European customers who are now buying the breadth of our products not just things like the liquidity indicator that solved an existing need. Existing customers buying more of those MiFID II products that really drove great growth in Europe that you'll look at the back of the slide and see that our mix to Europe has actually moved back to 20% where it was 21%, 22%, back when we had trade dipped below 20% now it's back. Those new customers buying more but then those new products existing customers in the U.S. are buying, because they need liquidity indicators and best execution indicators. And so that's driving growth. And then again we are seeing a contribution from price. I'll note one thing in that model if you pull it out; it included roughly a point of growth from M&A. And we don't have that this year. If you look back over the last couple of years and exclude the businesses we divested our inorganic growth if you will was close to 7%. So I look at 2019 as a year where we're going to deliver very solid growth with the 10% element that relates to M&A not present at all and then a very strong balance across pricing, across new customers, across new products et cetera in a fairly even contribution again inside Pricing and Analytics. If you look at exchange data that really is our existing customers buying more on the future side, and growth in the number of customers consuming those products. And on the connectivity side, even though I think it will slow versus where it was, we continue to see capacity growth, which again is existing customers buying more with in fact an actual price reduction there because as they buy the larger ports, the actual price per gig comes down a little bit. So it mixes across the elements, but I think that revenue model is still very indicative other than again in 2019, we don't have the point contribution from M&A.
Scott Hill: Yes. So it's a good question. And hopefully you found the guidance pretty consistent with what we've done in prior years. And as I look at kind of the average expectation, I think they're -- in terms of 2019 expense, I think they're pretty consistent as well with two adjustments. And I think right now you guys on average are expecting us to be around 21.60, 55 or 60. We told you that we went to work on the businesses we acquired last year and I've already taken out $15 million of costs there which if you would just use the run rate would be new news. And then additionally as you point out, we did note that we would be investing based on our first quarter run rate $20 million to $25 million. And I said we'd keep you updated on that as we move through the year. Specifically with regards to the revenue and the technology investments, I think those will continue to support revenue growth that likely overall is going to be in kind of that mid-single-digit range in total. That's all subject to volatility. But I definitely think those investments just as they did in 2017 and 2018 will support continued revenue growth. I think Bakkt is really an investment and I'll hand it over to Jeff to talk a little bit about it. That's more about the future and revenue and market opportunities that we see in the future and less about 2019 topline.
Scott Hill: Yes. So I'll start. I think there were three questions embedded in there. The 4% to 6% look I went into last year and I gave you guys a fairly tight data guidance and said we have good visibility into it, which I still believe is the case. But I think that got interpreted to something like 99.5% certainty in February. And so the range is a little wider this year just acknowledging what happened in 2018. There were some places where we had some erosion that we didn't expect on the downside in the desktop business some audits that we didn't anticipate in certain quarters as we move through the year. And so the reality is that all of those things worked out to a year where we grew the business 5%. And as I mentioned, ASV revenues actually grew 6%. But there were some churn that ran through the stock because the $2 million or $3 million difference in any given quarter and a $15 million or $20 million difference on $2 billion of revenue for the year. And so I thought it was prudent to try and take some of the volatility out around people who are trying to guess that $1 million on $500 million in the quarter. As I said on the call, I feel very confident that if you look at the ASV number that's going to point you right to the middle of our range. And then inside that, it's going to be driven by growth in Pricing & Analytics. So Ben's laid out a very compelling case for our overall fixed-income investment. But that's a bit -- that is effectively the IDC business that used to grow 2% to 3%. And I'm telling you it's going to grow two-and-a-half times faster than that just a few years later. And the ASV supports that and there's a lot of momentum in the products that we've got. So I feel very good about the business. I think the only thing you should interpret in the widening of the range is, just a little bit more, hey, yes, it could be plus or minus 1% versus plus or minus 0.5% last year.
Scott Hill: So the other revenue Chris is where we've got the revenues associated actually with the interest we earned on our clearing house deposit. And so as the fed has moved rates up and the balances have grown and they tend to grow at year-end people like to part cash at our clearing houses at year-end. That's what drove it up. And so depending on what the rate environment is as we move through 2019, you could see a similar dynamic. If rates were constant, it will all correlate to the actual levels of collateral, cash collateral specifically that to some that's held at our clearing house. Nothing, more than that.
Ben Jackson: Thanks Alex. So our platforms had a very strong Q4 when you look at TMC and BondPoint. As a lot of you know, volatility came back to U.S. corporates and munis in the fourth quarter and we were a beneficiary of that where volume on BondPoint and TMC was up over 9% over the prior quarter and 20% over the prior year. And in notional terms, what was traded we were up 12% over the prior quarter and 50% over the prior year. And note that I was highlighting there that notional is greater than volume which means the average trade size is also increasing on the platform. So one of the things I've talked about on prior calls is that OddBot trading, so trades of north of 100 bonds per trade has continued to increase. And last year, we saw a BondPoint, a 50% increase on an annual basis of OddBot trading and 23% increase on TMC. The other thing I'd highlight is you've got to remember we've owned these platforms for a short period of time. So BondPoint, we've had for about a year; TMC about six months. And our integration effort is well underway. Just in the last few weeks, we've combined our business and technology teams across TMC, BondPoint, Creditex into one team, now called ICE bonds. And we're executing with a single-mission, direction, leveraging technology across the group for efficiencies and scales. So we're starting to realize some of what I have mentioned on prior calls is getting the operating income of those businesses in line with where we see our other trading businesses. The only thing I'd say is, you've got to take a step back because buying those businesses wasn't about just fixed-income execution and isolation, it's really about providing our customers a complete integrated comprehensive solution to real challenges that there are in fixed income. When you combine real-time and end-of-day pricing, we're the market leader, providing for three million instruments around the world, not only end-of-day prices, but real-time prices. With our reference data business where we're providing reference data, the golden record of the terms and conditions for bonds for 13 million instruments, a leader in that space. We have index expertise and fixed income that came onboard with the ICE Bank of America Merrill Lynch index business that's growing fast as mentioned in the commentary. We also have analytics leadership in the fixed-income space where customers trust us with $1 trillion in assets to run through our analytical platforms, to understand the return attribution, to identify the next optimal trade opportunity, to identify liquidity risks that they have in their portfolio et cetera. And last but not least, you add onto that the choice of execution protocols that we have from central order book and streaming protocols that's core to the businesses that we bought and that's the most difficult protocols to establish. When you have to manage 100 million price updates a day on BondPoint, 77 million price updates on TMC, you have securities that you can provide customers that on 10000 securities you can provide markets that have 250 bonds up on the best bid and best offer at any given point in time. We have 23000 securities with two-way markets. You have to manage best execution, manage connectivity, manage latency, all these are real challenges in building out those streaming protocols and we have that well established in our business. In addition I've highlighted that we're building out our cue and auction capabilities that already represents 20% of the volume on those platforms and will be instrumental as well when the ETF hub project comes to life later this year that I've also talked to this group about. And the ETF hub project gives us an opportunity to be at one of the hottest and highest growth area in the fixed-income space which is passive investing which has had a 30% CAGR over the last 10 years. That gives you a little bit of a flavor of the initiatives that we have coming down the pipe.
Ben Jackson: Yes. And then the other only thing I'd add is in addition to separate teams, separate office it's separately funded. We and our partners have put cash aside to fund this business. And so while it won't generate revenue in the current year, it also doesn't impact our leverage that's already funded. It doesn't impact our capital returns. We increased the dividend 15%. We've already bought back over $115 million of shares in the quarter. And so it is funded in a sense, even though it's incremental expense on top of what you would have anticipated it is funded by cash that we and our partners have already put aside.
Ben Jackson: Yes. And just in the event -- you missed it on my first slide to validate Jeff's point on the financial discipline that we've executed on our past deals, our return on invested capital is now back to 9%. In total, it's 300 basis points above our cost of capital. And if you look at kind of outside IDC, it would've been back at 10%. And so when we say we're committed to doing deals that generate 10% returns, you see it in the results on our overall return on invested capital, which, again, as Jeff said, is that capital base has grown moving that made will continuously higher which we've done requires us to continue to grow profit which we've done.
Ben Jackson: Hi, Ben, it's Ben. I think one of the place I'd start with is some of the commentary that I've mentioned before in that our strategy when we've looked at fixed income is we took a different approach to it than many others where we looked at what is the comprehensive solution that people need to solve the real issues in fixed income. Issues like how do I get a fair price? How do I figure out for someone that doesn't trade all that often, what is the price of that instrument? How do I keep on top of all of the vast ocean of reference data I need to understand in trading that? How do I find people that when I identify a trade I want to do? How do I find somebody that has inventory that indeed wants to trade? And then on the execution side being able to offer a number of different protocols for someone to execute. The thing I'd highlight that really pulled -- that I think is a good sign that we're heading down the right path year is that ETF hub project that I mentioned because it really -- in order to deliver that you have to have all those pieces and we're uniquely positioned to do that. And when you think about it, for the first time later this year when we launch the ETF hub, again, one of the hottest areas of growth in the fixed income market. For the first time if you're an authorized participant or a market maker and you want to create or redeem a share of an ETF, you're going to be able to, for the first time, connect to a single portal. And in that single portal, you'll be able to connect to multiple issuers as opposed to having 12 different interfaces that you're dealing with -- interface with these -- with the issuers. Second, you'll be able to gather the index constituents for each issuer's ETFs. So, think of all the hundreds of ETFs that they have, multiply it by the number of issuers that's all going to be able to be done in a single portal. Third, you'll be able to view that days basket constituents to be able to create or redeem a share. Every day those constituents change for each one of those funds and each one of those issuers. So you can see the problem compounds on itself as you think about it and the way that things are done today. Fourth, you'll be able to gather market data, data from us that we're the leading price provider in the space to be able to understand what are the trading levels of the constituents and the baskets that could be created or redeemed in that day. Next, you'll be able to negotiate, what is acceptable to submit through a create or redeem. In order to do that, you have to have instant-messaging capabilities which we have a well-established instant-messaging capabilities to be able to underpin this. And last, but not least, you'll be able to execute via our streaming protocols, our RFQ, our auctions as well as third-party venues to choose to connect through this portal. To me that's a pretty powerful sign of a place in the market that's growing very fast where market participants are pulling us into it because they see us uniquely positioned with the combination of assets that we have to solve this problem and to help the passive investing fixed-income space go to that next level of growth.
Ben Jackson: And, Brian, I'll pick up on the RFQ, ETF hub questions that you had. So on RFQ, we have that capability now. So in your question you said, is that going to be coming later this year? You have to remember, from being a long-time exchange, clearinghouse market operator in a number of different asset classes, we have expertise in the RFQ auction space in many of our markets. So we leverage a lot of that expertise and we're able to get those RFQ capabilities established on both BondPoint and TMC very rapidly. So that capability and functionality is there now. And now it's about leveraging our network and our distribution capabilities to get that out, which we're very well able to do as we have brought those businesses together with our Creditex business, that I've mentioned, and also leveraging all of the touch points we have in the fixed-income community through our ICE Data Services business. For the ETF hub, that will launch later this year. That's our targeted time frame with our steering committee. We have completed the requirements definition around that. We have the design well underway. We have most of the major issuers that are onboard, helping us with this, as well as the major APs and market-makers that are helping and assisting with that design. And that has enabled us to really lock that down and now we're looking at later this year. So you'll see contribution on this. We're targeting 2020.
Jeff Sprecher: Yes. Bakkt is a unique structure for us and that we've actually set it up as a separate company with a separate name, its own management team and separate capitalization. So right now ICE is the majority investor in the company, I expect that we'll do other rounds of financing. We'll make a decision as it goes forward whether we stay majority or allow it to spin three of us. We believe that what ICE has if you step back and look at us is, we have obviously trading clearing. We have settlement capabilities, warehouse and custody management capabilities, large treasury operations, banking connectivity and a global infrastructure that is in many, many jurisdictions -- regulatory distinctions around the world with a massive cyber overlay. That infrastructure has attracted a lot of very, very interesting companies that have come -- some that have invested in Bakkt, some are just working with Bakkt to try to tap into that infrastructure for some new use cases that will involve blockchain and digital assets and other things that we can provide these people. Obviously, we've announced the Starbucks -- our work with Starbucks and Microsoft. We have very, very large retail franchises global connectivity to end users that we hope will be brought into that ecosystem and could create a very, very valuable company out of that initiative if our business plan plays out. So it's a bit of a moonshot bet and it's been organized in a manner that is very different than the way ICE typically does businesses. Bakkt has its own offices, its own management team and et cetera. And then we've entered into agreements with it to provide services, as I've described over that Bakkt -- over that ICE overlay. So we'll see how it goes. They're well along in building out an infrastructure that I think you'll see launch later this year. And I'll let Bakkt talk more about how it wants to go about an what the business and use cases are its revenue model, et cetera, as it unfolds.
Jeff Sprecher: I think your -- the sort of leading aspect to your question I think is correct is that things are clearing up from a regulatory standpoint, from a market structure standpoint. People have the large exchange groups have sort of stepped their footprints and it becomes more obvious where other acquisitions should flow in my mind. In our industry, we've seen obviously the formation of large exchange groups like ICE and our peers. We've also seen a consolidation in traders particularly high-frequency trading has consolidated and we've seen a consolidation in brokers. Order flow tends to go to a more limited number. The MiFID impact of providing analysis and analytics in your space has concentrated people. So we've been seeing a concentration across the entire financial services market that we serve. You could sort of date in there as well a number of large data companies formed up. So I do think that there will be continued M&A in our space and maybe more obvious as to where these large companies will touch one another. That said M&A for us have to be disciplined. We've done a lot of M&A that's been opportunistic. Large M&A has been opportunistic when it's been obvious that we should get together with somebody. That's set into our model that -- where we target returns above our cost of capital and make sure that these deals work with shareholders. And as you know we've been very disciplined on our synergy cases and we hold ourselves to high regard to deliver the synergies that we promised. And so M&A is not easy as companies get larger. But all that said, I do believe that some of the impediments are clearing.
Jeff Sprecher: And lastly, on the members exchange. I guess, I'm not aware that there's management or anybody working on anything, but that's really not their obligation to discuss it with us. But that said, if I was in their position, if I wanted to get the market fast, I'd probably just copy verbatim somebody else's rule book. And probably there's a one year-ish process, one maybe two. Of course, if I copy somebody else's rule book, it doesn't give you anything that's unique that exists. And I would suspect that there's going to be a lot of scrutiny around the very issue that many pundits are talking about which is -- are the members going to try to bias their business towards the exchange, rather than seek the best price for their customers in the marketplace. And that come along way in the last few years in terms of disclosure and audit ability of that behavior. But it's not completely done yet. So I suspect there'll be a fair amount of conversation and review of just how is order flow intended to be routed. All that said, nothing moves fast in the regulatory world. And I can tell you that I'm watching Bakkt try to stand up its regulatory footprint. And things are not moving necessarily fast right now in the United States.
Jeff Sprecher: Thank you, Kerry. Thank you all for joining us on the call and we look forward to really a guided up-year again for 2019, and we'll talk to you in the next quarter.
