Warren Gardiner: Thanks MC. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'll begin on slide four of the earnings supplement with some quick highlights from our first quarter results and I'll turn it over to Jeff to discuss the exciting transaction we announced yesterday afternoon. First quarter adjusted earnings per share totaled $1.43, up 7% year-over-year, marking the best quarter in our company's history. Net revenues totaled a record $1.9 billion, an increase of 6% versus last year. Total transaction revenues grew 4%, while total recurring revenues which accounted for nearly half of our business increased by 9%. Importantly, this is on top of 10% growth in the first quarter of 2021. First quarter adjusted operating expenses totaled $746 million in the middle of our guidance range. Had it not been for a few million dollars of severance, adjusted operating expenses would have been towards the lower end of the range. Looking to the second quarter, we expect adjusted operating expenses to be in the range of $740 million to $750 million. First quarter adjusted operating income increased by 9% to a record $1.2 billion. While free cash flow totaled $660 million, which we largely deployed in the form of share repurchases of $475 million. Now let’s move to slide five, where I’ll provide a quick overview of the performance of each of our segments. First quarter exchange net revenues totaled $1.1 billion, an increase of 12% year-over-year. This strong performance was driven by a 36% increase in our interest rate futures and a 16% increase in our energy revenues. Revenues within our global natural gas and environmental products which represent approximately 40% of energy revenues increased by 30% in the quarter. Recurring revenues which include our exchange data services and our NYSE listings business increased by 7% year-over-year, including 13% growth in listings. Turning now to slide six, in our fixed income and data services segment first quarter revenues totaled a record $509 million, a 9% increase versus a year ago. Transaction revenues increased by 28%, including 9% revenue growth in ICE bonds and 33% growth in our CDS business, driven by rising interest rates and macro-economic uncertainty. Recurring revenue growth which accounted for nearly 85% of segment revenues grew by 6% in the quarter, once again driven by double digit growth in our index and consolidated feeds businesses, and strong performance from our ICE Global Network and other data services businesses. And importantly, annual subscription value or ASV enters the second quarter up over 6% year-over-year. Shifting to Mortgage Technology on slide seven, first quarter revenues totaled $307 million, while total mortgage technology revenues declined year-over-year in the first quarter. We once again outperformed an industry that experienced a 40% decline in origination volumes, including an 80% decline in term refi volume. Recurring revenues which accounted for over half of segment revenues, totaled $156 million and grew 24% year-over-year. As the mortgage origination backdrop continues to normalize, customers are in search of both automation and greater efficiency, a trend that contribute to one of the strongest sales quarters for our data and analytics product suite, including the implementation of our analyzers by J.P. Morgan Chase. In addition, based on the strong performance through the first quarter of 2022 and the visibility we have into the current sales pipeline, we believe our current revenue growth in our mortgage business is trending towards the high end of our low to mid-teens guidance range. In summary, while a rapid rise in interest rates may have weighed on mortgage transaction volumes during the quarter, that same macroeconomic factor also provided a tailwind to our interest rate, commodity and fixed income businesses. And once again alongside strong growth across our recurring revenue base, helps us deliver another record quarter for revenues, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share, a testament to the all-weather nature of our business model. With that, I'll hand it over to Jeff.
Warren Gardiner: Thanks Jeff. Please turn to slide 14. As Jeff noted, yesterday we announced we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Black Knight for $85 per share or market value of $13 billion. The share prices in line with Black Knight’s 52 week high just achieved on December 30, 2021 represents a fully synergized EV to EBITDA multiple of approximately 15x forward. We anticipate the transaction will be accretive to ICE’s adjusted earnings per share in the first year post close, with adjusted earnings accretion accelerating thereafter. Embedded within our purchase value are cost synergies of approximately $200 million, with one-third realized in year one, two-thirds by year three and 100% by year five. These cost synergies are expected to be driven by the integration of corporate functions, real-estate optimization and a more efficient use of shared services across the combined platform. When combined with the remaining Ellie Mae synergies, total expected cost synergies represent approximately 15% of the pro forma IMT Black Knight expense base. Shifting to revenues, we've underwritten approximately $125 million of net revenue synergies by year five, representing roughly 1% of our expanded $14 billion addressable market. These synergies will largely be driven by cross sell of existing products across our expanded customer base. Transaction consideration will come in the form of 80% cash and 20% stock. The plan to finance the cash component through a combination of commercial paper, newly issued debt and cash on hand at the time of close, which we currently anticipate will be in the first half of 2023. Gross leverage at close is expected to temporarily peak at approximately 4.1x pro forma EBITDA, which is below the 4.25 peak leverage we reached with Ellie Mae. We believe this financing structure demonstrates our commitment to maintaining a solid investment grade rating, and as of this week we've elected to spend share purchases until our leverage falls below 3.25x, which we anticipate will be towards the end of 2024. You will note on appendix slide 24, our strong track record of deleveraging post acquisition. As with Ellie Mae, we are targeting normalized leverage levels in the 2.75 to 3 range. We believe our enhanced cash flow generation will allow us to achieve this deleveraging path, even as we continue to invest in our business and our people, while also continuing to grow our dividend. Moving to slide 15. Based on first quarter results and pro forma for Black Knight, we expect that our mortgage segment will represent approximately 30% of total Ice revenues compared to 16% previously. Recurring revenues within our mortgage segment are expected to account for nearly 40% of total ICE recurring revenues, where our mortgage transaction revenues will represent only 10% of total ICE revenues. In addition, on close we anticipate providing additional metrics to help investors better understand the progress we are making as a combined platform, and the secular growth opportunities that underpin the analog to digital conversion occurring within the mortgage space. With that, I'm happy to take your questions in Q&A. But I’ll first turn the call back over to Jeff for some closing comments.
Warren Gardiner: Yeah, thanks Alex. So I'll start with that last question first. So yeah, the short answer is yes. So I think if you think about what Black Knights outlined and this is revealed in – you know through our due diligence we revealed the same thing. They pointed to a guidance range around 7% to 9% over the long term. Largely recurring revenues too as you’ve heard us note a couple of times already in the prepared remarks. I think the first quarter too by the way is a great example of that, where I noted in my prepared remarks that mortgage volumes were down significantly, including term refi volumes down, which are very sensitive, down about 80%. In that environment they grew their revenues on an organic basis, about 9%. They released their earnings this morning if you want to go check that out. So I think it's a great example of the resilience of that revenue stream against what was a pretty challenging macroeconomic backdrop, so yes. So when you couple that with our 8% to 10% percent as you noted, so that's what we talked about over a longer period of time on average and throw in the revenue synergies that we've outlined, yeah your very much solidly in that high single digit, you know 8% to 10% call it range for the combined business. And so yeah, you've got a very high single digit grower. It's still got a lot of recurring revenue and again, we’re collectively positioned to operate with an expanded addressable market like we – unlike we are today. So I think very well positioned kind of moving forward you know for that business with a more resilient revenue stream as well, if you will. In terms of your first question, so I’ll hit these ones, these are kind of quick ones. The rates we’re assuming there, so it's a mix of commercial paper and debt. You can think about it on a blended basis kind of being in the 4%, 4.5% kind of percent range in terms of what we assumed for financing, and then on accretion year one, I think you asked if buy backs were included in the base, and so yes, we did include those as part of the base in terms of you know how consensus would be looking at that. Hopefully that helped in answering those questions.
Warren Gardiner: Hey Dan! It’s Warren. So I’ll hit you're servicing growth algorithm question first, and then I’m going to hand it over to Joe to talk about some of the revenue synergies. So thinking about the servicing business, yeah it's kind of been a mid-single digit grower. I mean it’s been fluctuating a little bit here and there, it depends, but largely recurring revenue in nature, it’s not entirely recurring revenue nature and based on subscription revenues, but also loans outstanding too as well, which as you see there's a slide in our deck around home stock and then mortgages outstanding. You see there’s pretty consistent growth over the last few years and over the last number of years, you can you can pick your time very frankly, and it consistently grows. And so that's a – that in addition to the introduction of new products and things of that nature, sort of adding revenue per loan is how you get to a growth algorithm around that range for that business.
Warren Gardiner: Yeah, well in terms of CapEx, I think it was more on the technology side. I missed kind of the end there, but around some of the technology spend. So the CapEx for Black Knight’s been around $100 million annually. I don’t think you should be thinking about it a whole lot different in terms of a run rate for that. There is, because Ben mentioned some incremental spend that we built into the model, both OpEx and CapEx around some of the technology re-platforming that we plan to do over a number of years. We’ve done this plenty of times in the past, whether it's with IDC or New York Stock Exchanges, and so we've got some a pretty good sense about timing and an amount there. And that’s something that we plan to do over the next number of years. So it's really spread out over sort of a three to five to seven if not quite more in the year period.
Jeff Sprecher: Thank you, Warren. I'll conclude my remarks on slide 16. Since our founding, ICE has operated with a strategy to build tools and markets for institutions and consumers, which operate in the white space of the inefficiencies of legacy markets, and we seek to do this smartly, in a manner that enables us to grow our earnings in all economic and interest rate conditions, so that ICE is truly an all-weather growth story, something that does not exist in a single market or asset class alone. This vision is one that we continue to organically build out ourselves, but one only has to look at our acquisition history, including my original acquisition of the founding company to ICE, to see that its valuable assets become available to us at prices that meet our disciplined M&A criteria, than will accelerate our build out plans by our acquisition. And through thoughtful integration, leveraging the infrastructure and expertise of the acquired company, we advance our vision and accelerate our goals to fundamentally transform the markets in which we operate. Our proposed acquisition of Black Knight is another important piece of this vision. I'll now turn the call back to our moderator Betsy, and we’ll conduct the question-and-answer session.
Jeff Sprecher: Yeah, those are a good set of questions. So well let me, you know we had a great quarter amongst all that uncertainty that existed in the energy markets and if you peel back what happened in the quarter, it actually answers a number of the questions that you postulated. First of all, we see record open interest in our energy space. So there's more engagement if you will, of managing risk in the energy space. But when you peel back, well where did that open interest come from, there's definitely some trends that are engaging on where your question is heading. First of all, we saw that a lot of price volatility obviously in Europe, that happened quickly due to war, and whenever there's high price volatility, that is an input into the margin model, since your essentially marketing for the largest one day price movement. And so margin rates go up. And so what we saw was a movement towards the use of options, away from the underlying towards the option against the underlying. Why does that happen? Well it's a little less expensive to control the risk in an option. It's also much less precise; you're hedging a range of outcomes instead of a specific outcome. So people have moved and it's probably somewhat temporary, because high prices themselves don't cause high margins, it's the price movements and the market is increasingly as you're alluding to, trying to figure out the long term ecosystem for energy in Europe and as they do that, the prices will stabilize, albeit at most likely at higher rates. Another thing that has happened is that in a number of our products, particularly in Europe, but even Brent Oil globally, people can deliver Russian energy into those indices or into those products that are physically delivered, and while many of those Russian products are not subject to sanctions, and in fact certain countries in Europe are even advocating the use of those products, the market itself due to moral and ethical issues, many companies have decided not to participate in those. So we are launching a whole new suite of products that are Ex-Russia Energy and there's been a lot of demand for those products and we've got regulatory approval and you're going to be seeing those rolling out. We have very high expectations for those products given the chat that's going on and the way we’ve worked with the industry to develop those Ex-Russia Energy projects. Then, the last thing that you polluted to is that you're seeing an increase volume in the trading up U.S. Natural Gas. Again, we see Europeans who are sensitive to hedging using European Natural Gas, because it may have Russian molecules in it, hedging their exposure somewhat in the United States. Obviously there's liquefied natural gas exports out of the U.S., those are relatively limited, but where there is capability, people are leaning into those capabilities and you've seen this increase in U.S. Natural Gas trading. So all of that amalgamation somewhat bodes well for our business and that we’ve you know, in a world where markets are in contango, high open interest foreshadows future volume and revenue growth for us in trading and we've got this new suite of products that the market is anxious to adopt, and it’s going to give us even more diversity and basis trading against our historical business. So we feel very good about the direction that the company is heading in, even though we're helping people to manage risk in a very unfortunate situation.
Jeff Sprecher: And as you think about what Joe and Ben have talked about of these cross sell opportunities that continues to play into our thesis, that this can be done through recurring licenses. The more you have an end-to-end solution and customers are not having to go buy everything À la carte, it allows us to package a really interesting suite of products under licensing arrangements that we think ultimately will be rewarded by the market.
Jeff Sprecher: Thank you, Betsy, and thank you all for joining us this morning. And I'd like to thank my colleagues for delivering the best quarter in our company's history and I thank our customers for their business in this quarter. And we look forward to updating you again soon as we continue to try to build out very innovative solutions to further advance markets, and deliver compounding growth to our shareholders. Have a great day!
Ben Jackson: Hey Rich! Good question and you know obviously it's a large deal, so we expect it to take time for regulators to understand the complementary nature of our two businesses. But at the end of the day we're confident that they'll come into the same conclusion that we did, and also we had and as well as Black Knight had legal counsel look at this in detail, and came to the conclusion that these are 100% complementary businesses that service different parts of the mortgage ecosystem. And at the end of the day, and you heard it through the prepared comments through Jeff's comments today, that bringing these businesses together is the best way to further advance innovation in the mortgage industry and bring efficiencies that are desperately needed to the servicers, to originators and then through to the end customer. And when I say that the businesses are complementary and Jeff referred to slide nine in the deck when he was going through it, which I think is a great picture of it. You can see that with Black Knight’s businesses, they start really in the front end on the real estate side where we do not have assets, and then they pick up again post the closing process where they have services and software that they provide that helps us on the servicing side of the business, to manage the relationship between the customer and the servicer through the life of the loan. Those are all services that we do not have today. Black Knight’s other core business is data assets. So they have proprietary data assets and very unique capabilities there that we do not have, that we believe are going to be very beneficial to our clients. Third, they have a complimentary loan origination system, which is one of the things that you just highlighted. But it’s important to point out that the customers that they cater to are fundamentally very different, have a completely different mindset to the customers that we service today at ICE Mortgage Technology. They provide a service that’s an installed service. It's a single instance for a single client, it's very highly customized based on the experience that that lender may want to provide for their clients. Whereas at ICE, ours is a very standardized solution and all you can do is do some basic configuration around the perimeter of it. Our plan is to support and invest in both, to really help drive the efficiencies through the industry by providing that complete front to back service. And the last thing I’d point out is you'll see in the expense synergy numbers that Warren went through. By historical standards for us they are very low, and as Warren pointed out, most of these synergies are in the areas of corporate, real estate, our location strategy as we found, Jacksonville is a low cost place in the U.S. to do business and has a great resource pool. So those are the key areas that you're going to see synergies coming out of the deal and again, a 15% of the combined expense base that’s very low.
Ben Jackson: Hi Kyle! It’s Ben. So we 100% see those platforms as complementary and they service a completely different client with a completely different type of mindset, and there is no part of our synergy case that assumes that both platforms would be combined, one would get sunsets. In fact it's the opposite. We have put into our model significant investment into, that we know is going to be needed to help modernize certain parts of the technology, both on MSP as well as in Empower, and we know that clients that have made decisions to go on to Empower you know for very specific reasons, for their strategy have decided to have a single instance on-prem, highly customized version of the application. So that, there's again 0% of – zero part of our business case here is around sun setting one of the technologies or about investment in the two. And as Joe articulated, it's about cross selling all of the other suites of services that we have, whether you've chosen Empower or Encompass, cross selling all those other services to be able to create that straight through, customer for life experience. From the point in time when they are searching for a home online, to when they are selecting the right product that will meet their family's needs, to automating the origination process, and the manufacturing process of the loans, to an electronic closing, to then the servicing relationship for the life of the loan, and identifying optimal products for that client as their life situation changes. So that's what this transaction is all about, and we look forward to the benefits that we can provide to the end consumer services and originators.
Ben Jackson: Hi Brian! It's Ben. I’ll take a stab at this. So, when – and while I was articulating before in terms of the review we did, our lawyers and Black Knight's lawyers have done, you literally quickly come to the conclusion that there's, these businesses are 100% complementary, we don't compete with one another. And that what’s the driver for this deal is that is its really taking for the this first time services across the data space, services in the origination space, in the consumer engagement space, the closing space and then the servicing space, bringing them together to give that complete front to back solution. So and as you peal through it, and as we engage with the regulators, we're very confident they are going to come to the conclusion, but there is a ton of benefits that can come from this, and that also the businesses just flat out don't compete with one another. On the revenue side of it, what we see is that the pie is expanding. Because here the industry is so inefficient, it is the most analog space in asset class that we've seen, as we've been on our journey of taking businesses from analog to digital, that what's really driving this and when you think about that TAM, we are not taking market share from other people, we are taking market share from just complete inefficiency, manual processing and costs that are rising on the end consumer, costs that are rising for servicers and originators and the plan is to bring that all down. So that's you know overall the first part of your question. I know you got a question on CapEx I think as well, and I’ll ask Warren to take that one.
