Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Thanks, Ken. This is Jeff. Well, it's interesting because I've tried to make the point on multiple calls now that we believe that the markets are going to become more fragmented, now that they're more electronic and more – regulation is being put on markets at the local level. And in some of our core markets, what you've seen is some people come in and pay for order flow. And so, what we've done is readjusted essentially our data offering and the way we disseminated and charge for it so that we can benefit from those payments into the market. So, when somebody pays for order flow, you attract a new kind of trader; and you, actually in our mind, grow the market by bringing people in that want to receive those payments. And those people tend to hang on the primary market in order to receive those payments. And so, what we do is basically have a compact with them that they will receive those payments and pass some of them back to us in the form of increased data revenues. When a company goes in and wants to get paid for order flow, it tends to do one of two things. It either uses algorithms or its own trading style to basically churn so that it is constantly buying and selling but accepting no risk, or they come up with strategies where you can put on positions that actually show up in open interest but they carry no risk. And so, there have been a lot of talk in our industry about market share. People like to talk about market share. And we like to talk about earnings. And that's why I always start my recent presentations showing you our earnings growth because we have decided that the way to maximize our earnings growth is to participate in that trend with our customers who want to receive payments from others. And so, there's been a big spike-up in that area, and I expect honestly that this is a macro trend that we're going to see more fragmentation due to a number of factors and that you'll continue to see growth in our core data offering.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: It's a good question and a difficult nut to crack in the sense that we do continue to build out continued capabilities in risk management to serve fixed income and interest rate markets, and that is – that has been a constant source of investment for us, as you've indicated, over a number of years. Whether or not we actually would enter that space on our own is yet to be determined. There is some M&A going on right now, the LSE-DB deal. It's hard to understand what kind of offering that deal will have, given the fact that they're now in two different regulatory jurisdictions. It's hard to understand what the complexities of regulation may be between the UK and the EU. So, that may open an opportunity or it may foreclose an opportunity. It depends on how things play out. I would also mention to you that the interest rate swaps business in our mind is largely people doing fix-for-floating swaps. In other words, commercial borrowers, like ICE and Scott Hill, who is sitting across from me, may choose to lock in floating interest rates for a period generally five years or so. But in this low interest rate environment, it's hard to imagine that locking in low interest rates is a growth market. And so, one of the things that we promise is earnings growth and we tend to look for trends where we can position ourselves early to be part of the growth, and it's very unclear whether the interest rate swaps market is one of those markets. So, I say all of that in the sense that we've not made a decision yet on what to do and when to do it, but we do continue to build out capabilities so that we have optionality around that decision.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: And, Rich, let me just be more obvious. If you stand on a corner and hand out $5 bills, a long line will form. If in order to get into that line, you have to pay the primary market $1 so that you can get 4 of those dollars; that is a good trade. And so, what we do is set up to make sure that our shareholders get the transfer of that $1 from the other person's shareholder. And much of what we've been doing over the last few years and the way we've been building out this data offering and distribution vehicle is set up for that. We firmly believe that markets are going to become more fragmented. It's very different today when there used to be open outcry floors in regional jurisdictions with the name of the city on them, it was very hard to compete. Today, there are a lot of very sophisticated electronic platform operators that can simply pay for order flows and start a market. And so, we believe that there will be fragmentation. We've seen it in the most fragmented markets that we operated in, in the U.S. cash equities market. But what changes there is that as those payments are made, there's an opportunity to participate in them and that's really what we've been doing. So, we laugh a little bit around here when people put notes out talking about market share and fail to realize that behind that the market has actually grown, and there's more wealth transfer going on and our goal is to maximize the value of this company for our shareholders.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Yeah. I think as you go away and look at the numbers that we just put out, you're going to see that we beat on revenue and on earnings, largely because we have been able to monetize our historical data to new entrants that want to participate in those payment floor closed (34:25) schemes. What we have not done is actually go into that market and expand the market further again by paying more people for order flow. We've kept our basic core operation, and then decided to work with these new entrants. And we know who they are. We have sales people, there's constant conversation. There are people that approach us that want those payments. And so our strategy has been we can't stop what others do, but let's make sure that we participate and maximize our own footprint.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: No, no, I'll answer it. When we looked at that transaction and decided that we were not going to go forward, we were very open to say that we had some concerns that we didn't have enough information to put a credible bid on the table. What I didn't say at the time that I can say now is that at the time, we did not want to talk about Brexit, and we had been urged by others not to talk about Brexit. But the way that deal was lining up, it was orchestrated so that we were going to, if we entered the deal, have to put a number on the table, right ahead of the Brexit vote. We happened to have at the time, three UK directors who sat on our board, who are incredibly knowledgeable people that are very engaged with us. And they were cautioning management and the rest of the board that the Brexit vote was going to be close, and they cautioned us back in February and March. And really said, you guys need to know exactly what you're doing and you need to run scenarios on what's going to happen in either eventuality. So, we went out and we started talking to our UK colleagues to try to gauge where we thought the vote was going to come out. And honestly, we came to the opinion that the UK was probably going to leave. And so, we decided – given that we didn't have good information and given that we thought the landscape was going to change, that it was not an appropriate time for us to do a transaction. And I think we were fortunate in making that decision. I don't know what the European landscape is going to be. We have been building our company to have a lot of options, and we've been very open about that. We've been very transparent that we, long ago, decided to build a footprint on the Continental Europe with an exchange and clearing house because we felt that there could be some fragmentation and balkanization that our customers would have demands. So, we're set up for change, but I don't know what the change is going to be. And, so it's hard, for anyone in any position in financial services to discuss what the outcome of Europe is going to look like.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, we've only owned the business, the Interactive Data business, for six months and we've only really been reorganized for a few weeks in terms of how our sales force is starting to take our combined product offering to market. But the early returns are really good. We see a lot of interest by large buy-side firms, for example, who want to have vendors that they can trust, who have a breadth of data, who meet their cyber security demands and give them sort of a single point to go to. Right now, honestly, if you just step back and think about the world and your own behavior, the amount of data that we're all consuming just goes up. I mean, I have no doubt that the data plan that I have on my smartphone is going to consume more data in five years than it does today. And in every aspect of our lives and certainly here at ICE, the way we run our business, there is just more data available. And we have better and better tools to use that data and analyze that data. When it comes to trading and risk management, there's no question that we're going to have more passive investment vehicles. Those are doing well and growing and growing quickly. There's no question that decisions are going to be made increasingly by algorithms or they're going to contribute to the decision-making process. And in my mind – and there's no question that regulators are going to demand – and, frankly, board of directors and the audit committee and auditors are going to demand better information faster than they've gotten it before. And so, all those trends just suggest to us that there is an incredible future demand for information. And what we are trying to do is figure out areas where we really generate some unique proprietary content that will be of high value to our customers. And so, that's been our focus. And so far, the early returns have been really good. And frankly, on some of the sales meetings that I've been in, we've gotten a lot of positive feedback that it's nice to have a large-scale vendor of information to people that is very technology-focused and cyber security focused like we are to fit into their current demands for information.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: I think one of the things that IDC has done for us is that it brought to us a dedicated sales force that had, to use an old term, a Rolodex, and really is very much centered on buy-side and as well as asset managers and intermediaries to asset managers. We're providing execution or regulatory services or custodial services. But that area was not an area that traditionally ICE had direct relationships with. And so, the reason that we're excited about some of the bundling and packaging and the reorganization of our sales force is that it opens a whole new customer base to us. And what we have found, as I mentioned before, is that customer base who often times deals with lots of data vendors, appreciates having another large comprehensive offering so that it can be kind of a one-stop shop when it comes to purchasing and security issues. Some of these things that we're providing are mission-critical services to companies that use them for regulatory purposes or reporting purposes, and so they need primaries, backups and others. They want as much information as they can. And having another large vendor enter the space has been very well received.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: I think if you step back and look at what is ICE's position in the market, we're not a reseller of other people's data. We're really – people are creating proprietary content. And so, areas that are of interest to us is where are things, where there is some content that we could help monetize through our channel. That being said, as you probably know, we operate here and in M&As -we buy versus build on every decision we make as a buy versus build decision. And many of the valuations in the data space are quite high and they certainly wouldn't operate on our return on invested capital thresholds that we operate under. So, it's not as easy as saying, yeah, we're just going to go hoover up everything that's out there because there are some great companies but they are fully valued by the market right now. So, we have to be somewhat creative. I'll just quickly mention MERS. I got – years and years ago, many people on this call would ask us what is our strategy in the interest rate space. And, we knew that there were some dominant and important people in that space, and it would be hard to compete. And so we started breaking down the interest rate market and trying to think of where are the opportunities that we could enter the market and we started to focus on the mortgage space and this was before the financial crisis. And a very gracious gentleman, Bill Krueger (50:15), who was a banker at JPMorgan said, well, I can introduce you to the people at MERS. MERS is an industry consortium of 5,000 members in the mortgage community including everybody that matters in the mortgage community. And we started to talk to MERS prior to the financial crisis about whether or not there would be an opportunity to privatize it. The financial crisis intervened. MERS was involved in effectively robo-signing mortgages on behalf of lenders and got very embroiled and was put into conservatorship along with Fannie and Freddie. It has now made its way through that and it's ready to have continued investment. A new look – a new outlook and we were able to convince the members that that consortium should privatize with ICE and that we will help bring them together. About five years ago, we never announced, but we did buy a mortgage platform and a team in Silicon Valley that was working on some advanced techniques around mortgages. We've continued to quietly build that out and obviously worked with MERS over the last few years on how we could put these systems together and are thrilled to announce that we're going to work with the MERS team, that Fannie and Freddie and some of the bank interests are going to stay on the board of the company to help us. And that we think there's a really interesting opportunity to bring some evolution to the broad market for residential mortgages in the United States. Small deal in terms of how it exists today, but it could have large repercussions if we all get together and work on this successfully. So, it's great to see a long, long cycle actually close. And they feel it's been a long, long cycle as well.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: It's interesting. So, the footprint that we have in Asia, what we're really trying to do out of that operation is to attract a customer that we would not have seen before. We benefited, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, from being in London, in that many Asian interests were happy to come meet us in London and do business in London. And I really do believe based on conversations we've had with the UK government that the government has incredibly strong interest in adopting policies that will continue to attract Asian business to come to London. But that being said, there are a lot of smaller players, niche players that existed in the region that were not going to come to London. And the real key that we've had in Singapore is getting to those new customers, getting them to join the exchange, getting them to set up in the clearing house. These are brokers, these are commodity merchants and others across the broad region of Asia, and we've had good success there. And really, if you look at our focus, it's not on day-to-day volume. It's on chipping away at a targeted customer list and getting them through the process that the MAS, the regulator in Singapore, requires to be passported into a Singapore exchange and clearing house. And that work is ongoing and it's going well, and every day – it is a network effect. So every day that somebody new joins or takes interest, it spills over to the next person. And so, we feel like we're making very good progress there.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Yeah. None of what I just suggested there that we can offer those ETP provider says, hey, we're going to pay for order flow or some other economic deal. This is really about how can we partner and create value together with each other. We – NYSE Arca is where 92% of the AUM exists. That is a single exchange. It has very deep liquidity on a single exchange. We have other competitors that like to add together three or four exchanges and then show a number, but the ETP sponsors don't really care about the volume across a bunch of fragmented markets. They want to know is there depth of liquidity in the market where this thing is primarily going to trade. That is a real competitive advantage that we have. And then, when we couple that with all the other services that we can provide that are value-added, we've seen that we continue to do very well. I would mention there's something like four new ETP listings per day. So, the vast majority, unfortunately, like any new business, are probably not going to grow very big or amount to much. They become highly differentiated and specialized, in many cases. But this broad area that you started your questioning of bond ETF is one where there is tremendous demand, it seems, by wealth managers and investors who see the convenience of not having to deal with individual bond securities (01:00:05).
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: When we started the company, Chuck Vice and I designed version 1.0 of what we call WebICE, which was a screen that you could log on to via the Internet. And that screen still exists today in versions that go way beyond my expertise, for sure, and has been an important part of our ecosystem. Really, for us, the focus is talking to an end user customer, saying how do you want to consume the services that we provide? We can give you an API if you want to build your own infrastructure, or we can give you certain tools that we can put on your desktop or on your phone. And because we really have upped our game after acquiring the New York Stock Exchange, when it comes to cyber security and thoughtfulness about connectivity, we're very, very good counterparty to many financial institutions that care deeply about these things. So, it is a means to an end in our mind. But we are bringing all of that together, again, as part of the sales reorganization, and the way we're going to offer and package things. And we think every day becomes a more and more powerful offering, and that's how we think about it.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, I mean, it's hard to have a crystal ball to predict the future, but I will tell you that in markets that we see that become fragmentated, the data becomes the currency. Data is king. Information is king in fragmented markets. And we think that there's just no choice but for markets that used to be pretty global and contained to become more fragmentated due to algorithmic trading, payment for order flow, new competitors that are building digital systems and the fact that there's going to be more local regulations. So, we think that on the same time that those markets are changing and evolving, the customers are getting more sophisticated about the ability to consume data and make decisions on risk management going forward. So, I just think it's a long-term trend and I think – I've said before, I think the data package that you have on your mobile phone will be bigger in five years than it is today and the same for me and everybody that's listening. I just think that it is the unique opportunity of our times to really be connected and have vast amounts of information at your fingertips.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Yeah. Well, interesting. So, we have a high renewal rate. So, there's a vast audience of people that have agreements that have expiration dates and we have a team that goes in well before that. And those renewals happen as you can see a very high rate of renewal. And that sale cycle is an obvious one that is driven by the contracts. But for new acquisitions, we've seen some of the, as I've mentioned, some of the aggressive market participants particularly people that are doing exchange traded products and new innovative things want to have speed to market. So, those sale cycles have tended to be short. We're also seeing, I think some longer sale cycles where we're in conversations with people about wholesale changes to the way we deliver and the technology that underlies our data and the way we deliver it and the way the two of us would technologically connect and work together. Those are probably multiyear cycles because we both are committing to build kind of new infrastructure that will better scale for future demand. And then, there's everything in between. We are pleasantly surprised, I would tell you that we predicted that we could grow this business quickly and we have definitely done that. So, there is a part of the sales cycle that is moving very, very quickly to the point that you can see it in the increased growth of the businesses that we own. And so, that's the good news. But there is – we will tell you, there is a back end to it based on some of these other trends that we think will pay dividends into the future. When Scott is guiding that already can tell you what the fourth quarter number is going to be, it gives you some indication that we have visibility into the next few quarters that is pretty accurate.
Jeffrey Craig Sprecher: Well, thank you, Keith, our operator, and I want to thank all of you who joined us today. We'll continue to update you on our progress over the balance of the year and look forward to talking to you on our next earnings call.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. So, Rich, let me comment – put a couple of metrics around what Jeff said. I mean, effectively, what he said is there are more people who are more active in the markets that we provide and we've seen that in user growth. We've seen it in the products that we've been able to package up in our data. So, the interest levels have continued to grow. And as we sign up more users, as we're able to offer more information in various forms or various packages of information, we've seen fee increases related to that. And so, that's really help drive the revenue. To some extent, when you look at our commodities growth in the first half at 10%, that's across the energy and ags, and there's a lot of volatility in those markets, a lot of drivers that are – and there are different drivers. It's weather in Brazil, its Middle East and U.S. oil issues that are driving oil. And as you're trying to figure out what's going on and evolve (31:15) the world, you need data and you need information. And so, as people see that need, as Jeff was describing it, we see user growth, and we see existing users wanting more information, and all of that's contributed to very strong growth in that business. And the thing that excites me about it is not just the data revenue growth in and of itself, but that data growth coupled with very strong open interest in our commodities business is a good leading indicator, not necessarily for any given month or quarter, but as we look forward, it says the interest in the markets we're serving remains very high with importantly the commercial customers who are actually taking a view on price and actively managing the risk.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. Michael, I'll give you a shot at the answer, and if I miss anything, you just have to follow up. So, I said on the last call that our objective is to operate with leverage somewhere in the 1.75 times to 2.0 times range and that's still the case. We've had very open dialogue with the ratings agencies, and they've indicated a comfort level with our current rating in that range. I don't think that means we have to necessarily be in that range to start the repurchases, but we certainly need to have a path to get to that range quickly as we introduce the repurchases. And so, in terms of timing, the other thing I'd say, there's always a number of variables. You asked about M&A in 2017. I have no idea what that could look like. We've got the S&P deal that we expect will close later this year. You've got the Cetip BM&F deal that is working its way through the process. So, there's any number of factors that could impact the timing and the size of the repurchases. I think what the authorization tells you is we are deleveraging at a faster rate than we anticipated. We had originally said we wouldn't be there until the end of next year. Now, we're saying possibly by the end of this year. And so, look, I don't think it's out of the question that we're back in the market in the fourth quarter, but there'll be a number of variables that impact that. And, I wouldn't expect this to go from zero to 100 miles an hour in the first quarter that we start to buy back shares.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. Dan, I'd go back to what Jeff said. We only own the business six or seven months. I think the success we're seeing right now is really, again, around the continued high retention of existing customers. Jeff's point about – as we talk to customers, their interest in having a data provider. And so, it's – the post that's showing up as SuperD or as ICE or as IDC, we're showing up as ICE Data Services. And I think we're seeing benefit from that in terms of securing new customers. And again, as I said on the exchange data side, similarly, in the pricing and valuation side, I think it's customers who are purchasing more. It's beginning to gain traction in new products, continuous value of the pricing product that allows you during the day to get a view on the price of bonds that you may be interested in trading or that you hold in your portfolio, that's execution services. So, it's really more, right now, new customers, retention of existing customers, building on new product development that actually started before we purchased IDC. I think to Jeff point, we've only really reorganized the sales team and the go-to-market in the past few weeks. So, I think that's why I'm confident about our ability to grow the rest of this year. And in the next year, as we do look at are we capturing the right value in our pricings, are there different ways we can package up across the various businesses that we've owned, are there better ways that we can deliver the information more efficiently across a single desktop versus multiple, et cetera. So, that's really the benefit I think that's in front of us, not that's reflected in the strong performance we've had in the first half.
Scott A. Hill: I think the second part was really around the competitive environment. I think the point there is, if you look at assets under management in that space, we've got 92% that are listed at the New York Stock Exchange. And so, as Jeff alluded to, we've got the experience, we've got a highly qualified team and we've got a history of being the place where ETPs come to list. And so, from a competitive standpoint, it's a good place to build from. We certainly don't take it for granted, and that's why, as Jeff said, we're constantly developing additional capabilities to bring to customers. But we like the competitive position we have today. It's a good starting point and a good place to build from.
Scott A. Hill: Yeah. Look, Alex, I think what you're seeing as we go through this year is that, as opposed to the NYSE, where we announced that deal in 2012 and then had a year before it closed and a year to work on the integration plans and the synergies and so, when we came out with a number on that at close, we were like this is the number. And we subsequently executed on it really well. The IDC deal was a completely different deal. It was an auction. It closed the day we signed it, and that's really when the integration work began in earnest. And, so, we're continuing to dig through, and we are seeing early success and greater success than we had counted on in things like corporate integration, where we've been able to identify and eliminate corporate redundancies faster. We're seeing things like 7ticks network and the safety network, where we knew there might be some overlap, come together and we're realizing benefits from that sooner. And, so, that's really the acceleration of the $25 million to $50 million in this year. I don't think our view on the overall synergies related to that business really have changed. The timing hasn't changed. There is a heavy piece of technology integration that has to occur. And, as you know, with the NYSE acquisition, that's kind of the last chunk of synergies that we're going to realize there. I suspect that will be the case at IDC as well. We will certainly get the synergies, the timing of them. I'll give you an update on 2017 as we move later into this year and I'll give you an update on 2018 as we move into the later of 2017. But, we said at the beginning of the year, $220 million to go. We've now got a $100 million of that that will get done this year. I'm very confident over the course of 2017 and 2018 and maybe a little bit into early 2019, that we will get that last $120 million out of what's roughly now a $2 billion expense base.
