Ben Jackson: Thank you, Warren and thank you all for joining us this morning. Please turn to Slide 9. In our financial markets, rising inflation and central bank activity across Europe and the U.K. continued to drive increased hedging activity with interest rate average daily volumes increasing 40% year-over-year in the third quarter, including record Euribor futures. In our equity derivatives complex, ADV in our MSCI complex was up 17% in the third quarter as volatility levels continue to be elevated versus the prior year. In our energy markets, the third quarter was marked with the confluence of macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties that, when combined with high price volatility, made for a difficult trading environment. Despite these uncertain conditions, we have seen strength in areas like our options markets, our North American gas business and our North American environmental complex. Options contracts are a valuable tool in highly uncertain market conditions due to the ability to manage geopolitical tail risk and the lower associated capital requirements as we've seen historically. With open interest up 29% versus the end of last year, we are pleased that our customers continue to turn to our deep liquid options markets to manage their risk. The evolving energy supply chain in Europe is increasing the demand for global liquefied natural gas sourced from the United States, driving price volatility in our North American gas markets. Our commercial customers continue to rely on our markets to manage their risk, contributing to a 23% volume growth in our North American gas business year-to-date and an all-time record in North American gas open interest as we have gained 500 basis points of market share over the past year versus our peers. Finally, although our European carbon markets are seeing headwinds due to the aforementioned factors, we continue to see growth in active participants in this market with participation up 7% year-over-year. At the same time, the secular trend towards cleaner energy is also driving growth in our North American environmental markets with volumes up 6% year-over-year in the third quarter. And because we offer the broadest suite of environmental products across the carbon cycle, we remain excited about our position to serve customers as they navigate the journey to cleaner energy and as the demand for transparent pricing in carbon grows. Importantly, as we look out over the longer term, we believe that the 3 secular drivers across our energy markets remain intact: First, increasing energy demand; second, an evolving energy supply chain; and third, the clean energy transition. And because we operate deep liquid markets across the globe with benchmarks in emerging markets across every source of energy, we feel very well positioned to benefit from these factors. Moving to our Fixed Income and Data Services business; we delivered record revenues which grew 14% year-over-year. Our comprehensive fixed income and data platform continues to deliver compounding revenue growth underpinned by both our recurring and transaction revenues, a testament to the strategic diversification of our business model and our ability to deliver growth through an array of macroeconomic environments. Turning now to our Mortgage business. In the third quarter, our Mortgage business once again outperformed the broader industry driven by strong recurring revenues. The strength and resiliency that we've seen in recurring revenues has been driven by our new customers continuing to adopt our digital solutions, increased demand for our data and analytics tools and continued strong retention. Our customers remain focused on automation and efficiencies. This focus has led to increased interest in our data and analytics products, contributing to a 22% growth year-to-date in our data and analytics business. Through our AIQ solution and analyzer tools, customers can save thousands of dollars per loan by leveraging our artificial intelligence and machine learning tools to drive automation in the loan manufacturing process. We are pleased that the value of our offerings continues to resonate with lenders and we remain optimistic about the long-term opportunity to leverage our mission-critical technology and data expertise to accelerate the analog to digital conversion happening in the industry. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Ben Jackson: Sure. Rich, it's Ben. So as you can appreciate, our whole hypothesis on this deal and what we've been doing in the mortgage space is all directed towards a long-term view of taking one of the most analog asset classes that there are and turning it digital. And that's what we believe over the long term, it will enable us to achieve that 8% to 10% growth. And the contributors underneath that are really -- we're very focused on product innovation and in particular, helping our lender customers, lower cost become more efficient. And as we do that, we're hoping that the savings that those lenders achieve are then brought down to their clients, the end consumer and will translate into better selection. It will help to lower cost for the end consumer. It will help enable them to get the best products at the most efficient prices to meet their needs and achieve the dream of homeownership. So that's from a long-term perspective what our focus has been and where we're making our investments. Overall, what's driving our ability to beat is the intentional shift towards subscription revenue. So if you look across each of the segments that we have, we're pushing very hard to move more and more of the revenue in each of those reporting segments more towards subscription when we can. And one of the things I'll highlight in terms of success this last quarter, even with all the headwinds that the industry has had, 2/3 of the customers that renewed in the third quarter renewed at higher subscription base levels by the end of that quarter than they were at, at the beginning of the quarter. The other thing I'd say is that it is -- it has been a difficult environment. It has been a difficult environment. And despite that, we only saw a single -- small single-digit percentage of our clients not renew and most of that's due to M&A industry consolidation and closing up shop. But one of the things we've seen as a positive for us with some of the backdrop of this industry consolidation as some of these companies and their employees have been downsized, some of these impacted personnel have used it as an opportunity to become an entrepreneur and start a new lending shop. And those are opportunities that we compete for and we've won some of that business on Encompass this past quarter. So we've seen sales success in origination on Encompass, both in the smaller start-up companies, the mid-market as well as banks. So that said, a lot of what's going on in our origination process, our origination line item and reporting line item as well as the fact as we've moved more and more of that revenue to our subscription and we have very low attrition. In the data and analytics area, what's really fueling our ability to beat there is the same. So data and analytics does have historically a transaction element to it. We have been moving this line item very similar to our origination line item more and more towards subscription as clients renew. And as we sign new clients, make sure that we're tilting those deals much more towards subscription revenue. And the big piece of products that we have in that area is a product called AIQ. That's the product that's automating a lot of the underwriting processes and that's a big area of where today, we're generating around $1,400 of savings in originating a loan. A lot of it is anchored in this area of automating the underwriting process for our customers. I mentioned that in the second quarter, we signed JPMorgan Chase that's going through an implementation on this. And this quarter, we had several wins across different segments that we sell to from banks, nonbanks and credit unions. And we had a significant win with loanDepot this past quarter which they, like many lenders, are trying to get the efficiencies that we -- that our platform will provide to them. So that's a little bit of a flavor in some of the segments of what we see under the covers.
Ben Jackson: Sure. Sure, Rich. It's Ben again. And you alluded to it in the way that you asked the question around the way that we manage this business is from looking at the overall portfolio and we have a wide lens on this. And we pride ourselves in having the deepest and most liquid futures markets to enable our customers to manage risk across the energy spectrum, also in the global rates environment. We manage our business as an overall portfolio and that's the nature of that all-weather aspect of our stock. In energy specifically which is where you were going, we manage even the energy segment as a portfolio. And we're proud to say that despite all these headwinds, our energy business itself, open interest is up when you look across the entire business, is up 6% since the end of last year. And this is in the backdrop of a confluence of all kinds of issues that the world is dealing with right now. You have this unfortunate war. You have on-and-off lockdowns in China. You have a push to move towards cleaner energy sources. You have underinvestment in energy infrastructure. You have major releases from the strategic petroleum reserve, all rearing their head at the same time. And we're proud that now more than ever, our clients are coming to us to manage their risk. And I'll touch on a couple of areas within energy. And you asked specifically about gas oil, so I'll touch on that as well. So broadly speaking, we positioned our business to help clients manage their transition towards a cleaner energy environment. That's why we have the most deep liquid markets around the globe in oil, natural gas, power, LNG and environmentals. In oil, we have seen some headwinds. You focused on gas oil and you're spot on. And gas oil has had some headwinds. Most of this is associated to the market needing clarity around how Russian oil deliveries into the contract would be handled because, historically, Russian oil did go into that contract. We work with governments and customers to come up with a market-based solution to this and also landed on a sanctions regime that we align to that at the end of this year, Russian oil can no longer be delivered into that contract. Once we did that and provided clarity to the market for that, we have started to see open interest rebuild in that contract in calendar year '23 and beyond. So that's a positive. It's going to take some time for that to play out but we're seeing that on the horizon. We believe that, that's going to turn the corner. Within oil itself, expanding further across what's going on in the portfolio, we've had some very positive developments. So our options contracts have done very, very well. Brent alone has seen options volume up 14% year-over-year. And part of the reason for that is that options contracts enable a trader to hedge a whole range of outcome. It enables them an efficient way to manage geopolitical risks. And there's also a little bit of a lower-margin requirement associated with these because if you're buying an option, your risk on that option is limited to the premium that you pay. So all of that's incorporated into the margin models. So we've seen a lot of success in our options markets. And we have new innovations; we continue to build our Murban contract that we launched. And we're continuing to hit records consistently with our Midland WTI Gulf Coast contract that we launched earlier this year. So we're having some good success and continue to build on that. The other area I'd touch on quickly would be natural gas. So our natural gas business, you have to again expand the lens and look at it from a global perspective. I mentioned U.S. gas is at a record and up 23% in volume. And globally, our natural gas business is up 16% and 6% in OI. And some of the inputs to that is our TTF business has seen some headwinds because Russia has historically supplied 40% of the gas to Continental Europe and the supply has effectively been cut off. But what's filling the void? U.S. LNG is filling that void for Europe. And that's fueling strength in our North American gas complex as commercial customers are trading our Henry and our basis markets significantly. And also a lot of those LNG cargoes that are going to Europe are hedged by our TTF contract, our Henry Hub contract, basis markets as well as our LNG markets. And the last thing I'd say on the gas markets is that we're innovating and working on market-based solutions with Europe as we understand the situation there. And we're -- we announced just recently, we're going to be launching some new contracts, new basis contracts in Italy, France and Germany in gas to trade alongside our existing Continental gas business and then in Northwest Europe and Southwest Europe LNG contracts that will trade alongside our JKM contract. And it's important that the feedback we're getting from our clients is that all of these contracts are likely to trade basis and relative to our TTF deep liquid price benchmark.
Ben Jackson: Ken, it's Ben. I'll start here. The -- so when you look across our rates business, the way we look at it and we manage it, we manage it as a portfolio. We look at, in particular, the largest parts of our rate franchise are with our SONIA Gilts business as well as Euribor. And underneath the covers, when you look at what's been going on geopolitically and the overall environment, Continental Europe has actually done a pretty good job of signaling how they're going to handle this rates environment. And the market has responded very well to that. And that's what's led to just a very, very solid year in terms of Euribor volumes as well as open interest as that is up over 60% on a year-over-year basis. So that part of the business has done extraordinarily well. If you look at the U.K. specifically and Gilt and SONIA, there's 2 dynamics going on there. With SONIA specifically when you're comparing our performance with last year, you have to remember that last year, we had both short sterling and SONIA trading side by side. And this year -- and then those converged in December of last year. So this year, you have SONIA only. So there's a bit of an off comparison there as there was a significant amount of arbitrating going on between SONIA and short sterling as that converge into what's taking place. And now you have SONIA as a stand-alone. In the U.K., though, specifically, obviously, there's been political uncertainty there. You've had the change of Prime Ministers. You've got uncertain rate hike expectations. You had the mini budget that shocked a lot of people. You had a potential currency crisis all hitting at the same time. And that definitely weighed a little bit on SONIA and Gilt but we're already seeing signs that the market is stabilizing as the environment has stabilized there. So we feel very good about that overall rates portfolio that we have. It's definitely an area we're continuing to invest. We have our own SOFR contract that we've launched as well. And it's an area that we're going to continue to invest and we see opportunity.
Ben Jackson: Thanks, Kyle. This is Ben. And we do feel confident in our ability to grow the business over the long-term horizon of that 8% to 10%. And I think this past quarter is a perfect example to point out. You had the market down year-over-year close to 60%. And sequentially, it was down north of 25%. So a very tough environment for clients. And yet, as we approach them about shifting more of their -- the economic model that we have with them more towards subscription, even if it costs us some transaction revenue, they're willing to do that. And that's why we were able to get 2/3 of the customers to renew. And in this environment, low single-digit customers didn't renew. So I think that's a very good sign and a testament to the resiliency of the business but also the mission-critical nature of the technology that we provide. So from that standpoint, I see it all positive. The other thing that if you go back to the slide that Jeff referred to in his comments and you see what's happening with some of the churn and new lenders that are starting up, as some of these personnel are impacted, they're starting up new lending shops. And we're seeing growth in terms of new lenders this year. It's the population from that MERS graph that Jeff showed is higher than it was last year. So that is a testament that there's new startups coming up on the scene. As these folks start up, they want to adopt automation in the most efficient way to set up their businesses and we're well positioned to win that business albeit it's a competitive environment and we compete with others for that. But we have wins in that environment. So we expect some of that churn to continue. But where there's customers that potentially go out of business, there's also startups that happen on the back side of it.
Ben Jackson: Thank you, Alex. Yes, I think what you're seeing -- and I'll give a little more color on some of the things underneath this. But what you're seeing is that a lot of these regimes have not been put in place. So you've got -- and are put -- being put in place, for example, gas oil earlier. It's at the end of this year that those oil deliveries cannot happen. So you have some traders with comp month coming up right now and end of the year that just won't touch those contracts until this gets through. And that's why I also highlighted in the earlier question that we're starting to see open interest build '23 and beyond in the gas oil contract as an example. In natural gas, I think the things that I look at and that are encouraging to me is that when you look at our TTF business and you look at October of last year versus October of the month that just passed, the number of active market participants that we have in TTF is exactly the same. We haven't lost any market participants that are trading TTF. So that, to me, is a sign of longer-term strength in the business as the situation clears. We've also, at the same time, grown our data subscriptions in TTF double digits in that same period of time. So there's more eyeballs and more people paying attention to it. So from a longer-term perspective, we feel good about the positioning of these contracts. As I had mentioned, we're launching new contracts with those new basis gas locations in Italy, Germany and France as well as the Northwest Europe and Southwest Europe LNG contracts. Feedback from traders are all going to price relative to TTF. So we feel good long term about that as well. On price caps that you also mentioned, I mean, look, we understand the severity of the situation in Europe. We are in very active dialogue at the table with government and with regulators and commercial customers to forge a market-based solution to these issues. And we know our role is to create deep liquid futures markets to provide important price signals on supply and demand dynamics as they're changing to make sure that people have the best pricing tools to hedge and manage their risk. Through our discussions and you can also see through media that's happened over the last couple of weeks, there is acknowledgment broadly of the issues with price caps and a general agreement that they don't want to disrupt the price discovery. And a lot of the issues that are being highlighted in these articles and that we've been expressing and commercial market participants have been expressing as well as several governments are that an artificial price limit on the commodity makes it very difficult to accurately hedge commodity price risk. Second would be if you're -- that if you put price caps in these markets, you could end up having the unintended result of taking volume and liquidity from transparent lit markets and moving it to the OTC markets, reversing more than a decade of progress that's been made here. If you create an artificial price in the settlement, in the clearinghouses, it makes it difficult for clearinghouses to manage the accurate risk that we're exposed to if it's dislocated from what the real market price is of that position. And it can create an artificial price that may overencourage consumption which is not what people are looking for right now. And obviously, these markets are global and supplies can go elsewhere. So that's why we're at the table. We're encouraged that recent rhetoric as they understand a lot of those issues and risks. And we're in the middle of putting forth market-based solutions which is why we're proactively launching all these contracts in December and are continuing in the middle of the dialogues to help the situation settle.
Warren Gardiner: So Ken, we'll go ahead and get you the exact number there but I think it's certainly approaching where it was years and I think the record would have been sort of '08, '09, that kind of a range in terms of the revenues. We certainly made some adjustments to RPCs in that complex, too. And there has been some pressure from FX this year. So I think we're approaching to where it was and we're around this level. But I do think that the world is a lot bigger and different than it was back then. And so I think as you think about the future, there's certainly room in what is effectively -- certainly on the Euribor, so the second largest reserve currency for that complex to grow well into the future regardless of what the prior level would have been.
Warren Gardiner: And Dan, I'll just add to that, just to give you a little bit more color on the consumption of price. There is a subset of customers that do take or consume, I should say, based on the number of securities that are priced in the fund holdings that they have. It typically will be custodians and participants such as that. So there -- a lot of them honestly holding most, if not all, of the bond market, if you will. And so as the bond market in size fluctuates and this isn't necessarily related to refinancing which will be sort of canceled and replaced. It's more around new issuance and the growth of the overall bond markets whether it's corporates or munis or structured products as that fluctuates and it tends to be sort of lower single-digit growth over the years, that will help or to some extent hurt the growth in that component of our subscription business. But again, it's a part of the -- it's only a portion of the overall TRD business and the overall data business at the end of the day that, that applies to.
Warren Gardiner: Sure. Kyle, it's Warren. So there are a couple of things there. I mean, certainly, the macro headwinds we talked about on the AUM side and some of the pricing business but also don't forget Euronext is part of that as well. But if you adjust for those, yes, I mean, look, ASP adjusted for those was around 5%. It was closer to 5% for the quarter. So we feel pretty good about that business, given what's going on within fixed income markets at the moment. And again, don't lose -- and Lynn mentioned this but don't lose sight of the overall segment results, where the segment was up 14% year-over-year from a revenue perspective. We're up 12% year-to-date in that business. Operating margins in the quarter or operating income in the quarter, I should say, was up about 30%. And margins grew by 6 points. So overall, we're very happy with the performance of that segment and a lot of the factors that are weighing on what we're seeing on the pricing side, on the index side or what's benefiting for us on the trading side. So those results this year are some of the best we've had ever and so we're pleased with the results of the business overall.
Warren Gardiner: Sure. So in terms of OTC and other, about -- if you look at the second quarter, about half of the increase would have been related to member interest. And I'll just say too, within -- not only just the CDS business but also within our clearinghouses, we're not trying to be a bank. The service we're providing is clearing and risk management and that's the value that we're providing to those customers. And so we're actually -- we're trying to lower collateral levels where we can. Ben mentioned pushing people or I should say, leading people towards the benefits of options. We're working on trying to expand the different types of collateral that we accepted such as with some of the emissions allowances. And so we are still -- we are starting to see a little bit of normalization in some of the collateral levels as we sit here in October but it's just difficult to predict where that's going to go. It certainly is a part of -- or a significant part of OTC and other but there are a lot of other elements to that line item as well. So it's been the driver of some of the growth we've seen but it's certainly not the vast majority, if you will, of the total line at the end of the day. And then the same would hold for the CDS business where, certainly, it's helped as we -- as collateral levels have built there. But we're also, as you would imagine, seeing really strong trading volumes across that business -- or clearing volumes across that businesses. As certainly as the headlines around recessions and interest rates continue to build, the demand for credit risk and credit protection is increasing alongside that. So that's been really a bigger driver of things over a longer period of time than anything else. And don't forget, too, that in the third quarter, that's a roll quarter as is the first quarter. So we benefit a little bit from that as well relative to maybe the second and fourth quarter in that business. The other area I would just point out to is if you go below the line, we're actually benefiting a little bit from the cash on hand in our -- the interest that we're earning on the bonds that we have -- or sorry, on the cash we have on hand. So there's a benefit of that from an interest rate perspective as well that's flowing through the income statement, in addition, of course, to the benefit we get on the future side from higher rates within Euribor and some of the U.K. interest rate businesses as well. So there's a number of different things across the platform, of course, as rates are rising that we're benefiting that may be offsetting some of the areas that tend to not do as well during higher rate environments.
