Scott Hill: Before Jeff goes into the details, I just want to make one clarification, Rich. So the guidance on CapEx is CapEx and capitalized software. So in prior years, we've given you only one piece of that puzzle. We're giving you both this is year. So that's $50 million to $55 million compares to roughly $48 million that we spent in 2010 in CapEx and capitalized software combined. So the increase is only about 10%. And then the other clarification I'll give you is, the 4% to 6% expense growth in 2011 is on an adjusted basis. So on an absolute basis, that expense growth is only going to be 3%. So we are continuing to invest in the business, but there aren't any material increases year-over-year because a lot of the investment that Jeff mentioned in his prepared remark is already underway to build for the future.
Scott Hill: So the 15% to 20% is largely based upon a couple of things. One, you recall, we entered last year with only nine clearing members. We're entering this year with 14. So we've seen some growth in the clearing members. We expect we'll continue to see increased volumes from the increased clearing members. The second thing is we expect this year that we will launch some new products and some single names and, particularly, sovereigns. We're hoping to launch sovereigns in the very near term, which we think will drive incremental revenue. So those are the two biggest driving factors. There is implicit in the guidance a little bit of upside coming from buy-side clients. But to be frank with you, that's more likely a "back half of the year" driver more than it is a "front half of the year" driver. So those are kind of the underpinning. As it relates to Creditex and the CDS market more broadly, that market remains soft. And the clearing guidance really doesn't depend on any nor does it expect or anticipate any major pickup in that market, certainly, in the first half of 2011. Because as you've heard from a number of the big banks who trade in that market and, certainly, as we're seeing throughout brokers, that market is really waiting to see where the rules settle before they get back into it. And in fact, right now, the bid offer spreads have tightened pretty significantly in this space, which is a good sign because it means there are some confidence in the economy. But where the CDS product really comes into play is when the spreads are widening and the risk is growing. And so I don't think the fundamentals in that marketplace, right now, really suggest any significant recovery. Certainly, again, in the first half of the year, we're hopeful that as we get into the back half, we'll see some volume recovery. And again. That's implicit, to some small extent, in the guidance.
Scott Hill: Let me touch on what we're seeing on kind of -- we gave you year-to-date number. But frankly, we've got, well, I guess, six days in February in under our belt, and so we thought it was better to give you that comprehensive view. I would hesitate to draw any conclusions off of six days of the month, particularly when we had a snowstorm that shut down Houston, which is a fairly large trading area, for a week. So I think the indicator is what we've seen through the first five weeks. And as I indicated in our remark, it's been over $1.6 million a day. And as Jeff said, it's a fairly broad-based strength as people have come back to the office and started trading. But even more importantly, a continued of the trend and a rebound in our natural gas market and the continued strong growth in our global oil markets.
Scott Hill: Yes. I mean, look, we had a very good third quarter, and some of that was certainly from the new members. The fourth quarter, as you mentioned, was seasonally slow. So I'm not sure I'd look at the third and fourth quarter being flat and draw any conclusion. There is no question that the introduction of new products and, particularly, sovereign is something that we think will contribute meaningfully to the guidance that we've given. And then I think your characterization of our expectations around the buy side is right. We've cleared $5 billion at buy side already. But we expect that we're going to need the rules to settle a little bit and get some more clarity into the market before we see a big uptick. And based on what we're seeing and hearing, our expectations is that's likely back half of the year. I'd tell you, the one thing I kind of step back and look at, there is no such thing as CDS clearing two years ago. We cleared $15 trillion, so we did $60 million of revenue. We're guiding to the 70s. And last year, alone, that business that didn't exist two years ago, dropped $15 million of EBITDA into our financials, which is not a bad place to be for a business that's still in its start-up phase.
Scott Hill: Yes, I think the biggest difference between what we had expected entering 2010 and what we ended up seeing was the buy-side participation in the clearinghouse. I had an expectation that similar to what we saw with the sell side, where they came into clearing, even in advance of the mandate because they recognize the benefits of the clearing, that the buy side would follow. So frankly, as we worked our way through regulatory approvals for the buy-side solution, and I think as we move further and further away from the events of September of 2008, I think, the buy side simply decided, "Look, we're going to wait and see what the rules are. And we're going to wait and see what the cost of clearing is going to be." And we're going to be -- there'll be a lot of moving parts. So I think the thing we missed in that guidance is the thing that would have taken us to the higher end, it would've been a buy-side uptake. Setting that aside, the $15 trillion cleared and $5 billion cleared on the buy side and 257 products the we clear and $50 million of revenue, we feel pretty good about what we did. But that, frankly, was the one assumption that we were a bit overly optimistic on.
Scott Hill: Both, and we have the luxury of the -- the Brent is used to price about 70% of the world's crude oil, including the crude oils that are used in many emerging economies. And those emerging economies, to a large degree, have had price controls on energy. And increasingly, these governments are letting more price signals trickle through their economies in order to prepare those economies for being globally competitive. I mentioned in the last call, Scott and I have been working with Chinese oil companies that are establishing their own trading desks in London, for example, to start doing increasing hedging, and that's part of it. And then, of course, you got the major integrated companies that are operating globally, that are seeing a lot of volatility because of the different recovery of economies around the world that are increasingly -- doing hedging on us as well.
Scott Hill: Yes. So let me kind of break that down into pieces. So in terms of what excess cash is, so we ended the year with over $600 million. I'd tell you, conservatively, I'd like to see that number be $250 million to $300 million as kind of a steady balance. And so, amounts above that will be available for uses. As I said in my prepared remarks, we consistently look at what is the best use of our capital. That may be M&A. It may be -- Jeff walked through a number of places where we're investing in the business, in terms of CapEx and building out software in a number of our businesses. One of the things that I think gets lost on people, if you look over the last two years, we've actually had a payout yield of about 2% with the stock repurchases that we've done. So when it's been a strategically appropriate time and an advantageous time, we have returned capital to our shareholders. Frankly though, I'll refer back to my remarks and Jeff's as well, we remain a growth company. And we don't look across our industry and compare ourselves just within our industry, we look across the S&P 500, and we look at growth companies. And frankly, we think our profile fits better with growth companies. Our growth over the past two years has been significantly double digits, and you tend to see those businesses continuing to invest in future growth. And we're going to do that as long as we can find opportunities to invest, to deliver returns on invested capital in excess of our cost of capital. We did that, again, in 2010 with our returns of 17% versus our cost of capital of around 10% to 11%. So we constantly look at it. We keep our options open. We do have very strong cash flows. We do have very low leverage. But as long as we can find investments that will continue to generate returns well in excess of cost of capital, we're going to continue to be a growth company.
Scott Hill: I think Jeff mentioned earlier in one of his responses, we see significant opportunity in all of the change that's occurring. And the investment to go and realized that opportunity is going to come in building out our technology. It's going to come in building out our clearinghouse infrastructure. It's going to come in continuing to leverage acquisitions we've made previously like YellowJacket and the options space. And frankly, there are other opportunities out there on the M&A front. I'll tell you, though, that we are proceeding cautiously on the M&A side because what we don't want to do is we don't want to acquire to build scale. And we don't want to acquire assets that could be, basically, by law, run out of business. And so we are proceeding cautiously as we evaluate the opportunities. But as I look out there, Niamh, I tell you, we see a lot of opportunity in the changes going on.
Scott Hill: It literally is four or five, $200,000 to $500,000 things. It's not one thing. I give you one example is the interest that we pay on our ICE Clear Europe business was a little lower and that's an offset against revenue. So other revenue goes up a little bit. So it's nothing meaningful. And that other revenue number is going to move around a little bit. It's not a $1.15 billion. It's not a particular material number.
Scott Hill: And consulting and technology outsourcing is not a particularly attractive business. Eventually, people figure out they're paying you a markup to do something they could do.
Scott Hill: Jonathan, I think what we've shown by action as opposed to forward-looking is that we're going to be a strategic buyer and as you said, the share price at which we issued the shares around Creditex was around, I think, $113, just under $113 a share. And so the way we've executed our buyback so far, we bought back shares at about a 15% to 20% discount versus what we issued them at. And so as I look at it, that's really where my focus is. We still I think got around 2 million shares, maybe a little less than that, that are outstanding related to that deal. At a moment in time, where we could advantageously go grab those shares, I'd love to do that. But again, as we look at the opportunity set in front of us, that's not where our primary focus lies.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Richard, the investments across all phases of our -- the technology footprint: it's speeding up the Futures platform and OTC platform as there continues to be a move towards faster and faster trading; investing in options capability, which is starting to pay dividends, as you've seen; investing in our OTC platform or trading to make it more responsive and a lot more functionality, particularly as we move into unanticipated SEF world; and then a very big spend and investment in clearing services and post-trade processing as we bring together all these various asset classes and try to provide better tools for our internal people to manage risks, for regulators to see what the markets look like and for our customers to really get a handle on their positions.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Just starting in Energy [OTC Energy] , which is the largest part of our business as you know, the flagship product for Energy is crude oil. And crude oil is increasingly becoming global. And we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we've been moving very deeply into the OTC oil swaps and derivatives market, which is really a global move. It's certainly a non-U.S. move. We're following that obviously with credit default swaps in the Credit [OTC Credit] space, there's a lot of discussion and work going on other OTC asset classes. And Europe and Japan, at least, have agreed to follow similar type of Dodd-Frank regulation. So all of that is pulling us very, very global.
Jeffrey Sprecher: It's all of the above. We had, in the January, you've got people coming back to work. It seemed like the way the holiday spell in December, people stopped trading sort of the back half of December. So you had people coming back to work, managing their risk and putting on positions, coupled with the fact that there were some gas draws that were larger in the U.S. than what people thought because of all the snow that we had and the cold weather around, and the expanding footprint that we have in oil, coal and other new products that we've launched that are being driven by more global factors.
Jeffrey Sprecher: And in terms of product expansion, you're right. Europe is an interesting footprint right now for us. I mentioned we launched two new natural gas futures. The natural gas business was somewhat vulcanized in terms of the way it traded. Seems to be coming together now because of some new pipeline infrastructure that's been put in that allows the U.K. and Continental Europe to basically relate to one another from a pricing standpoint. Similar things are happening in power, where there's an opening up of power markets and changes in the M&A landscape there in terms of who owns power companies. And so you're starting to see Europe trade as more of single entity. You couple that with the fact that we've been adding more and more clearing that allows new entrants to come in that are sort of nonstandard players over there that don't have to sign in, as the bilateral agreements, for example, and could get access to these markets. So there is a trend along the way that you've mentioned, which is an increased footprint. I think there's clearly a trend towards more option trading. That's a long-term trend that's been playing out over a decade but continues to grow. And we've added some things, some -- obviously, emissions was up at 20% last year. We have new coal contracts that are out of Australia that are very related to the use in China. And so that whole footprint, being cleared in one clearing house with economic offsets, really is a driver for the major integrated energy companies to stay and do business with us.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Let me break your question down into two. We obviously have a very large OTC execution platform. And we have evolved that, to the point now that we can provide that platform, as what many are calling, a SEF-in-a-box. For people that don't want to have to go and deal with the complexities of the new regulation, we can provide them either access to our platform or our platform on a white-label basis. That's an evolution that's been going on in our markets now for quite some time. We've evolved our pricing structure. We've opened up our distribution. ICAP announced last year that they had white labeled our platform. That functionality exists now for other brokers. And we've changed the pricing, so that we've encouraged business to come in. And I've mentioned before, we have over 100 companies in the OTC space that are now giving us products for our clearinghouse. And we've evolved our pricing, so that we're benefiting. And you saw that in the $1.4 million a day number last year. We have been evolving towards a SEF-in-a box strategy, and we intend to provide that. Separately, we're having, obviously, a lot of conversations with major OTC participants, both brokers. We announced that there's a number of new brokers that have come into our system just in the last few weeks, and with the principals both in energy and commodities and other asset classes. And I think right now, there are still some vagary in the Dodd-Frank regulations that need to get sorted. People really, I think, want to have a look at the final rules, including things like the ownership and control rules as well as the market structure rules on how request for quotes are going to interplay with two-way bid offer central limit order book markets. And I suspect, within the next 60 days or so, there'll be a coalescing of views around how the market structure may move forward. And obviously, we're active in all kinds of conversations to maximize our opportunity set. I am excited about the change that's going on. I think it plays right to our hands.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Just the way Dodd-Frank is laid out to work is that it goes into effect in July of this year. It has a presumption that clearinghouses will then apply for products that they think are clearable. The CFTC would then hold a open comment period and, possibly, public hearings to determine if products are clearable. Once they're deemed to be clearable, then there would be a mandated requirement for people to clear them and a requirement that they be SEF traded. There is most likely a runway between when they determine to be clearable and when the CFTC would require SEF trading. So if you kind of lay that all out, it would say -- in the best case, if the CFTC started that process on the day Dodd-Frank was implemented, there would really be -- it'd be hard for there to be any real requirement for clearing to come into effect until the very end of 2011. And certainly, there are a lot of people that are suggesting that, that time frame should be extended because of the workflow changes that are going to need to be made. So I think all of that overlay is kind of built into our thinking on how the OTC markets are going to broadly work in the United States.
Jeffrey Sprecher: I mean, I think we've tried to suggest all along that it will be difficult for incumbent futures exchanges, including our own, to provide offsets with the OTC market. Because the way the whole thing has been constructed is that the futures would have to be moved into the OTC account to get that offset. That's the technical construction. And that means that if you're futures exchange, you now move your open interest into an account that has open access and, theoretically, have changed the business model around the futures business. So it's not going to be easy for exchanges themselves to make the decision, to put their futures in the OTC environment to give that offset. And as a result of that, I think every single asset class is probably up for grabs on where it will land. And also, there seems to be a very strong view in the market that open interest should be, in some way, cordoned off with its own risk waterfall for various asset classes, to provide a lot of protection against the kind of meltdown that we've seen over the last few years. So that, again, suggests discrete buckets of both open interest and margin capital, leaving a pretty wide open playing field for people to provide clearing services and, ultimately, execution services to go along with them.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Well, a couple of things. In the United States, Congress has specifically said they want to keep it separated. And obviously, this movement into the way Dodd-Frank is going to deal with the OTC model is a experiment. I mean, it hasn't proved out as exactly how it's going to work or evolve. I think that you're hearing the CFTC say that they want very high standards in terms of core principles around SEFs, though it may limit the number that ultimately really exist in the longer term, because I don't think these are going to be necessarily easy to establish and maintain. And then similarly, you have a complete review going on in Europe about MIFIDs [Markets in Financial Instruments Directives] and the fragmentation that their cash equities market have seen. And I think out of that, a recognition of the how the futures market has performed well over the last few years. You've got the U.S. and Europe and Japan all working together in a pretty coordinated way to make sure that they have a common regulatory footprint. So I think that the demonstrable success of the futures market over the last few years in the face of pretty adverse conditions is going to make regulators move quite cautiously in that space.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Yes, the phenomena that you mentioned really happens when we're at a extreme price top and extreme price bottom. But volatility, and as you know, prices and commodities, just like stocks, don't tend to move in straight lines. So they move up and down as they're playing out a trend. And so I think that the continued strength suggests that we're not at an extreme price top or bottom. And beyond that, ICE has really -- we have a lot of really good colleagues here that have been marketing our product suite globally. And we do it every day with a big group of people that have been working with customers to show how to hedge their footprints. We just had a major airline approach us in the last week asking for more help in hedging. These are the kind of meetings that we take regularly, and we work with people to show how they can use our markets. You couple that with an increased investment in commodities as an asset class that's been playing out over, probably, the entire life of this company. And it continues to show growth. And as I ended my prepared remarks, our open interest suggests that there's going to be continued trading expansion on ICE because we really have -- are growing the positions that people are holding and using to hedge.
Jeffrey Sprecher: That business report is up to Scott. And let me just say that we've seen a lot of our competitors try to move into the OTC clearing business, and they've had customers put in some test trades or shadow trades or something of that ilk. We really are getting buy-side volume coming in as people are actually putting positions in, not for test, but for permanent deposit in that clearinghouse. And they happen to do it on a voluntary basis. It tends to be people that either are early movers that want to get ahead of what they think is going to be mandated or they have credit problems or issues where they want greater certainty of counterparty and then moving into the clearinghouse. But that group in there is small. We continue to see it increase but it's trickle, trickle, trickle. And by a large token, as Scott mentioned, the vast majority of people need more certainty under Dodd-Frank.
Jeffrey Sprecher: We do. I don't think, necessarily, it's in a consulting role. I mentioned that I think we'll be able to provide people with a SEF-in-a-box, more in a partnership arrangement. We have made huge investment in compliance and, particularly, in hardware and software that's used to automate a lot of those processes. And I think the CFTC would look at us and suggest that we're state-of-the-art and will be a standard that many will be held to in the future. I also think that similar to what you mentioned, the CFTC, itself, may not get all the funding that it requires and may have to put more of the onus on reporting and compliance activities on market participants. And so, again, I think that bodes well for us and others that have made these huge investments in personnel and systems.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Let me be clear. We have shied away from providing outsourced services on a consulting basis. We prefer to be more strategic in the way we do or we kind of align our interest and the interest of people we work with in some kind of partnership or in the case of, for example, ICAP, we have a licensing relationship with them for a SEF-in-a-box. But it's very complementary in the way we've try to move our businesses together. It works for them and it works for us. And it's not necessarily to try to receive some kind of small recurring revenue. Scott, we have the benefit of Scott having come from IBM and helped move IBM into the services business at a time it was a hardware manufacturer. He has brought a lot of domain knowledge here about what happens to those margins over time. So we've tried to avoid the trap of getting into that business and do things a little more creatively. So I think it would be -- one other way of saying, we would be looking for high value-add services that have a long run rate on them, so that they don't degrade. They would actually grow our margins.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Jonathan, the interesting thing about crude oil while it is the flagship product of the energy complex, none of us on the call will ever buy a barrel of crude oil. Crude oil is produced by oil companies and it's consumed by oil companies and the real hedging that goes on there is by oil companies. But gas oil, as a middle distillate or a refined product, is a proxy for all of the things that people actually need to hedge, jet fuel, diesel fuel, heating oil. And that contract, because it is delivered seaborne in Europe, is very reflective of a mobile product. And it's increasingly being used as the hedge for all of the growth of that middle distillate. So you could imagine that Asian businesses, as they move into hedging, and we mentioned Europe, as they're using more diesel fuel and what have you, rather than list a diesel fuel contract or jet fuel contract or what have you, we're driving people into gas oil because it is a very, very highly correlated hedge with a lot of liquidity in it. And I would expect that to outperform the oil markets.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Yes, it's an interesting business for us because the eConfirm database holds the bulk of the open bilateral positions that exist in the swaps market in the energy space globally. It has huge uptake. And it's something that we've been building over the 10-year life of this company, and so it has tremendous connectivity. And we've expanded the connectivity to include brokers, so that we can literally do a three-way matching and brokers can get paid their commissions much quicker by matching trade tickets between buyers, sellers and any intermediaries. Under Dodd-Frank, there's a call for a swaps data repository. That is a swaps data repository. And I think that the CFTC, as I mentioned, because of funding constraints, will need those swaps data repositories to have a lot of tools around them for compliance activities and enforcement activities that the CFTC may want to take. So we have all those tools that we can bring into that business and provide that swaps data repository. ISDA [International Swaps and Derivatives Association] is planning to do a request for quote to look for a swaps data repository that ISDA would want to get behind. Other market participants have been actively talking to us about converting that to a swaps data repository because it's all in place. And it would be quite easy for everybody to keep all that connectivity, all the operating agreements, and nobody would have to move their positions. But we see it as an opportunity. I think swaps data repositories are likely to be bigger and more complex because of lack of funding at the CFTC, but they would be steady-earning companies. They will have to be priced appropriately because they are likely to become large industry utilities. But they should have substantial and sustainable revenues and revenue growth, if they're done properly.
Jeffrey Sprecher: The advantage we have in the way we built that business is that we have all of our OTC and Futures Energy business in one clearinghouse. And so we give an offset, for example, between natural gas and electric power, between natural gas and crude oil, between futures and OTC, between flat-priced products and options products. So there is a very complex interrelationship that exists in the risk model to give those offsets and then minimize the capital requirements for traders to manage that risks. The difficulty that any third party has in matching that footprint is that the open interest that others have are not in their European clearinghouses, and so it will be difficult to match those offsets. And I think that, thereby, makes it much more expensive. It's also hard to move open interest and what have you. I do think the market likes having competitive offerings. We've said that all along. People want to know that the pricing is in check, that they have some leverage that they can use to make sure that we continue to listen their concerns and needs. And so I think having a competitor is not necessarily a bad thing. I think it's helped drive growth across the industry. But I like our positioning, I guess, is what you're hearing us say.
Jeffrey Sprecher: Thank you, operator. And I guess let me just close by reiterating that we're very thankful for the support that we got from our customers in 2010 and for helping us to position ourselves for a lot of change ahead.  We've been able to deliver on top line growth. We've really tried to show a lot of expense discipline to drive margin expansions, and we've got a brilliant opportunity set ahead of us. So we're quite excited.  I'd like to thank you all for your interest in the company today, and I look forward to speaking with you soon.
