Benjamin Jackson: Hi, Dan, this is Ben. And great questions. Thank you. In terms of the first part of your question of what percentage of the customers have renewed, so we started this process really a couple of years ago. We've had the Ellie Mae business now for three years, and we started talking about this just a couple of years ago. Most customers are on agreements that are around four to five years in duration. So we're roughly halfway through that transition. In terms of how the business is doing from a longer term perspective, we feel great as we've been talking about on many of these calls, how we've been repositioning the ICE Mortgage Technology company to really unlock long-term growth potential. And underneath the covers, we've seen a lot of success towards that. The evidence to that effect is that over the last several quarters, we've mentioned that we've had success renewing more than 60% of our customers at higher subscriptions. And even when we do see that 40% or so or less that are renewing at lower subscription fees, the trade-off there is that we're getting a higher per-close loan fee on each of those. So when the market normalizes, that will be a tailwind towards our transaction revenues. The second thing is we have continued to see in the second quarter some headwinds from M&A consolidation and going out of business, although it's been relatively small. I think the other thing that we've seen in the first half that were in some of our prepared remarks were that there are some ancillary products that roll up into our origination line item that are not Encompass that are more CRM and marketing-oriented platforms that are very targeted towards helping our lenders identify refi opportunities with clients. And the refi environment continues to be very tough, obviously, with the rate environment where it is. Those contracts tend to be one year in duration. They're user-based. And that is an area where the first half of this year, we saw some pretty significant headwinds towards subscription revenue. But we're already seeing some small signs that, that's turning. And when the market normalizes, we feel good about that coming back. In terms of offsets, we continue to have great sales success in the second quarter of this year on the back of Q4, which we mentioned was strong. Q1 was our best ever. Second quarter was our best second quarter in the last six years. We have 41 new clients come onto the Encompass platform. Now of those clients that come on, many of them are midsized clients that come on right away. We start recognizing subscription revenue right away on those clients. There's also a percentage of those clients that are significant large clients such as the large top five global bank that we had mentioned as well as the win with CrossCountry Mortgage in the D&A space. These clients take time to implement. And the way to think about those is that those will start to have an impact on subscription revenue come 2024. And then once those clients are implemented, there's all kinds of new loans that are coming on to our platform and onto our system that we've never interacted with before that we'll start getting additional transaction fees from as well as they interact and consume services off of our open third-party network and we get per-close loan fees from those loans as well. So from a long-term perspective, we feel great about the positioning.
Benjamin Jackson: Thanks, Ben. This is Ben. So great name by the way. So from a cross-sell perspective, that's the beauty of this business that we've established that when you look across all of the offerings that we have across our ICE Mortgage Technology network, we touch almost every lender with some of our – with one of our services on our platform. And we have 3,000 of them that are on our Encompass platform. And we continue to have great success across the spectrum of bringing in new Encompass customers that are utilizing other services that we have on our network and getting new wins across all of the segments that we service. So think of whether it's a bank, a nonbank originator, a broker, a credit union, we continue to have success across each of those segments. And we've also leveraging the overall enterprise that ICE brings to bear. We've been able to leverage that to reposition and have some wins with large banks replacing legacy infrastructure that historically, the business wouldn't have been well positioned to win. So we feel great about that part of the business. In the environment that we're in, we have seen customers very focused on rightsizing their organizations rightfully so with the headwinds that they've seen. And they've been very focused on the core platforms that they run, and Encompass is one of the key ones. So that's why we continue to see great strength there. At the same time, innovative companies and entrepreneurs that are thinking ahead don't want to have to – as the market is going to turn, and it will turn at some point, don't want to have to chase volumes by hiring armies of people. Again, they want to try to automate and become as efficient as possible in their processing. And that's why we continue to have great success in areas such as AIQ, which we've now rebranded to our ICE data and document automation platform. And some of the examples that we talked about in the prepared remarks were JPMorgan Chase, obviously, significant bank selected us last year. They've just gone live on the platform this year. So we're starting to see some of that to come into our performance. And on the back of that, a top 15 lender and CrossCountry Mortgage has now selected us. So we see innovative companies out there looking to invest in efficiency and automation going into the future.
Benjamin Jackson: Thanks, Simon. This is Ben. As you know, we've been thinking about this space for well more than a decade and investing in it. And we feel great about the positioning that we have here, and we're just continuing – continue to be one of our most significant areas of investment across our futures business because we see that the world is going to continue to have this dynamic of moving towards a cleaner energy environment. That road is going to be bumpy. And the fact that we can enable customers to have on that journey a complete suite of products across oil, gas, power and environmentals, that positions us in a very unique way to help our clients in one place be able to do all of that. On the – how the performance of the business itself, we feel good about it. You got to remember, in particular, in Europe, there were some headwinds, obviously, last year, both in energy and in the environmentals sector with the unfortunate war in Ukraine. We continue to watch the health of those markets. Obviously, our energy markets have come back very strong. And we continue to monitor both open interest trends as well as market data subscriptions within our environmental complex, which is at a record. We're looking at – we continue to look at active market participants. That continues to grow in our environmentals. So underneath the covers, it's a very strong market. We have 98% market share of the EUA market space and of what's traded at 96% in North America. So all that underneath the covers is really good. There's some natural tailwinds I mentioned last quarter as well within the European market itself, where a little less than 40% of the sectors in the European economy are required to basically price emissions. And with Fit for 55 coming in place, by 2028, there's another close to 40% that are going to be captured such as maritime roads, buildings. So this is all secular growth drivers towards our European business. Our North American business continues to grow in terms of market participants. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we just recently launched a new Washington carbon program, and we'll be launching later this quarter an Alberta carbon trading program. So it's another area of investment. Another area that we've been thinking about and have been ahead of actually shows up in our oil business, but it's also really environmentally oriented. And that's the high demand for low-carbon fuels. We've been ahead of this, and we've launched contracts called RIN futures. And what these are is basically every year, the EPA sets standards, in other words, guidelines for the amount of renewable fuels that need to be blended into transportation fuels each year so that you can create sustainable jet fuel, renewable diesel when we're filling up our cars, putting clean unleaded fuel into our vehicles. To meet this target, there's a certain amount of production of renewable fuels that are produced, and those get renewable identification numbers. These are bought, sold and traded historically but in a very opaque market. We launched futures on this as a much more efficient way to do this and we continue to see this grow in open interest as well as ADV very rapidly. It's one of the highest growth areas in that other crude and refined reporting line that we mentioned in our prepared remarks. And today, in the last 12 months, we saw roughly 20% to 25% of the physical market under the EPA mandate trading via our futures. And as futures markets mature, they oftentimes trade a multiple of what the physical market is. So it's another area across our portfolio where we're focused on the environmental space. We're looking ahead, and we're seeing some nice growth.
Benjamin Jackson: Thanks, Patrick. This is Ben. So it's clear to us that you got several underlying trends going on in the industry. You continue to have well-publicized underinvestment in legacy energy infrastructure that can cause supply shocks. You've got overall and broadly, electronification, and energy markets continues to take hold. But each of the energy markets and the new innovations that we continue to launch are at various ends of the spectrum of how mature they are in adopting electronification. The energy markets are becoming more global. As supply chains continue to evolve and change, those markets are becoming global, and natural gas is now freely transported around the world in terms of LNG. You also have a trend around precision and risk management. Customers don't just want to trade big benchmark contracts, but they want to trade those in parallel to deep liquid markets that are at the point of production and consumption of where they're concerned about and have to actually buy the product. And there's no – questionably, the last trend would be a move towards greener energy. And we've built our business with a very long lens towards helping our customers manage risk through all of these. We have a deep liquid set of contracts, hundreds of them around the world. We have a lot of different pricing points across each of those sectors, whether it's commodities, energy, cleaner fuels, environmental markets, gas, power, you name it. We built our business with that diversification and with our customers' needs in mind. And we see the setup is great for us. You look at just the results that we've had. We're at or near an average daily volume market share high in crude oil and across our global oil complex. We're adding open interest market share high in North American gas and global gas. We're at or near an all-time revenue share high in June across energy. We've had record active market participation in multiple products such as TTF gas and continuing to grow rapidly in the environmental space. And our futures markets continue to set records in terms of market data subscribers on to our platform. So overall, we feel great about all those underlying trends. And then to cap it off, you look at what's been going on with Brent, and that being from a futures and options standpoint the largest oil benchmark in the world. A lot of the products that we have are very complementary to that. And with some of the significant changes that are happening were dated Brent, our contract now has Midland TI oil coming into it. The fact that we saw that coming launched our Midland WTI, our ICE Midland WTI contract known as HOU, that contract continues to grow very well. And since Midland TI was introduced into the Brent complex this summer, we've seen that contract continue to grow rapidly. And we've had over 50 million barrels of oil that has now been delivered against that contract. So we feel great about the prospects of where we're positioned, both for the balance of this year and into the future.
Lynn Martin: Hi, Kyle, this is Lynn Martin. Thanks for the question. So on the elongated sales cycle, if you look at the Fixed Income and Data Services business, we're definitely seeing it abate when you look at the other data services line. As Warren mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've actually been able to take share from some of the larger incumbents as a result of the significant amount of investment that we've made over the past few years in the delivery, in modernizing the tech stack associated with that business. So you're definitely seeing the elongated sales cycle abate there, given the share we're taking. On the fixed income data and analytics side of the business, we still see some of the effects of the elongated sales cycle. But importantly, what you're seeing is we are taking share in our End of Day Pricing business. We're continuing to take share there. We're continuing to see good growth in some of the smaller line items that make up that overall line item, including the Index business, which, as Warren said in his prepared remarks, is now about $526 billion in AUM benchmarked against it and some of the products that really go along with the trend of automation. So let me just unpack that a little bit. If you look at the big buzz word of the year in the industry, it's really been around the development and implementation of large language models. We're seeing good demand for, and as Warren mentioned in his prepared remarks, the adoption of our proprietary large language models. And you're seeing the effects of that come through in not just our other data services line and the revenue attributed to that line, but you're also starting to see that in other parts of our segments, including the energy trading side of our segment. Additionally, those large language models in a different asset class are what feeds things around fixed income automation, which is a trend that we continue to be uniquely positioned to capitalize on. So products like continuous evaluated pricing, smaller line item but it continues to see outsized growth relative to the other portions of the fixed income data and analytics side of the business. And because of the strength in that part of the business, you're seeing that bleed into the ICE bond execution side of the business, which outpaced the industry in spite of muted volatility in our core muni markets because of share gains due to that automation, the transparency provided by our data as well as the adoption of institutional customers for these services across not just our muni products but also our REITs, our money market products and importantly, starting to see it in our credit products. So overall, we feel really good about how we're positioned. We're not seeing anything in terms of share erosion. On the contrary, we're continuing to see share gains in our core business, but we still are seeing the effects of the elongated sales cycle really in the End of Day Pricing business, which is causing slightly slower growth.
Lynn Martin: Hi. This is Lynn again. That's a great question. So a couple of areas as you think about where the yield profile continues to lead. Obviously, the attractive yields in treasuries more recently is what has really driven some of the outsized gains that I just mentioned on the execution side of the business for the treasury execution business and the money market products that we have. The contrary to that you've seen is on the fixed income index business, where our capture rate, as we talked about on some of the previous calls, tends to be lower on our treasury index business. So AUM continues to grow, but it doesn't have a direct correlation to the revenue growth. It's not a one-to-one relationship. As you're starting to see the issuance profile start to return to normal, you will see that in a reallocation of assets under management to the higher capture indices, that being our credit indices, the muni indices and obviously, with the equity markets doing well, our equity indices. But you'll also start to see that impact our pricing and reference data end-of-day business because you will start to see new fund families emerge, new asset funds emerge, which you've not really seen over the last year. In contrast, over the last year, you've seen – where it's been particularly tough for the fixed income asset managers, you've seen the number of funds decline. We're starting to see green shoots for the reemergence of new funds being created. So I think you'll see a positive impact on a variety of our line items. But again, this is why we've set up the business in the Fixed Income and Data Services segment, in particular, to be an all-weather name to benefit from a variety of macro trends. So treasuries do well. That's going to impact the segment in one way. If munis do well, it's going to impact the segment in another way.
Lynn Martin: Yes. This is Lynn again. That's a great question. It's actually a topic we love talking about. So we've had the existence of large language models in our ICE Chat offering for quite some time now. We started with the early stages of it, I'd probably say about a decade ago. But it's really been refined over the last, call it, five years. It's become a contributor though to the energy markets across asset classes, across oil, across gas and across – starting to impact the utilities as well. Effectively, what it does is it allows for automation. It knows if you and I are talking about the fact that today is Thursday or it knows if we're talking about a trade idea through those models. If it detects a trade idea, it will allow for the seamless transmission of that trade to our clearinghouses and our trading platforms. Additionally, it will give you some fair value analytics and additional metrics around it to allow you to perform that trade with confidence that you're getting a good price. So it's really helping the trader to automate the workflow. It's why it's gained popularity, particularly over the last couple of years as those models have gotten smarter as the technology has improved, quite honestly. But I think we're still in the early stages of this. It's still a small contributor to our volumes, but it's something we're incredibly excited about the potential for not just in energy, but if you think about the rest of the Fixed Income and Data Services segment for fixed income where fixed income markets are desperately requiring automation. So we think this – the concept has applicability pretty much across all of the markets that we operate, but we're seeing the early-stage benefits in the energy markets, as Warren mentioned in his prepared remarks.
Lynn Martin: Yes. This is Lynn. Thanks for the question. So traditionally, on the execution side, we've operated in the – our core market's really been the muni market. Now I think what's really encouraging about this quarter is you saw strong growth from us even though the muni markets have had muted volatility, muted activity this quarter. And I think that's really been attributable to the fact that we really have spent the last couple of years building out our distribution framework and focusing on building our distribution framework and getting access to the institutional users, but also continuing to gain share in retail and wealth. So despite the fact that the muni markets have been quieter in Q2 than over the last year, we were able to gain share, continue to gain share in the retail and wealth side of the business. Now importantly, because we had done the development efforts and the integration efforts into the institutional side of the business, the treasury markets, which had a much more attractive yield profile, were able to have outsized results, which drove the growth in this quarter, which you saw that coming from not just retail and wealth segments, but also the institutional side of the business. And as you noted, we have made significant investments in the technology because the distribution has been there into the institutional side of the business in addition to the traditional wealth and retail side of the business. When we upgraded the technology to perform our sweeps as we announced earlier this week, we've been able to start to gain a bit of share on the corporate side of the business, U.S. corporates in particular, particularly investment-grade over the last few months. Now that's still very early days, but we're optimistic because of the investments that we have made in the platform not just on the technology side, but also building the distribution over the last couple of months and doing it on a market-by-market basis.
