Benjamin Jackson: Ken, it's Ben. Thanks for the question. And I'll take the first part of your question first, and then I'll hit the second part. In terms of natural gas, we believe that TTF is a long, long runway to go. And what really fundamentally changed is that natural gas has been liberalized. It's no longer wedded to just pipeline flows, and it can now move freely around the world in the form of LNG. And there have been massive investments in LNG terminals and regasification terminals around the world that have really changed and evolved gas into a global commodity, and TTF has emerged as the global way to hedge that risk.  And if you look at all the risks around the world right now and across Europe and the U.S., we believe that you need to have not only benchmark products, but you also have to have products that enable people to manage risk at more precise hedging locations as well in parallel to products like TTF. I mean, right now, you look at the dynamics, the European gas markets have recovered to some degree, with U.S. LNG now flowing into Europe. You've got regasification terminals that have come online in Germany and the Netherlands that have helped. Storage has been at high levels this past winter. We had a mild winter in Europe. But you still have a backdrop of geopolitical risks that introduced tail risk and ongoing risk to energy supply that are going to continue to evolve supply chains around the natural gas market.  And now that gas can move freely, we think there's going to be a tremendous amount of opportunities for clients to use our products to hedge all of those risks, the confluence of those risks and as those things change and evolve. And as you pointed out, TTF has had a tremendous runway here. Our open interest is up 90% year-over-year and volumes are up 60%.  In terms of the White House pausing on new permits for LNG exporters from the U.S., we see this as just another speed bump, you used the right word, along the way, that market participants have to look at and determine what risk does this introduce to me. It takes years for this to have an impact. Permits that are in place now, take years to come online. So it's more of a longer-term implication for the market to absorb. But on the same token, you have a new LNG terminal coming online in Canada soon. So you're going to continue to see LNG as it's been liberalized move around the world. That risk needs to be managed, and TTF is the fundamental place that it's done. 
Benjamin Jackson: Ben, I'll follow up on the second part of your question there. We have 100% conviction on the ability for this business to grow over the long term. And we continued quarter-over-quarter to just give more and more evidence to the fact with just customer wins that are coming on board. So we feel great that even in this volume environment, that is an environment that hasn't been seen almost in a generation since 1991, that we're continuing to bring customers onto our platform into our ecosystem and continuing to gain in that area. A couple of things. Obviously, in this past quarter, the industry shifted from a rate cut expectation of 5 to 6 cuts in 2024 to what seems like now is 1, maybe 2, and this happened rapidly. So we're watching and monitoring what's happening with our clients as a result of that. The couple of things I'd point out. Customers are renewing and renewing at very high levels.  On the renewal front, we're seeing almost a repeat of what we've seen and what I've talked about in several quarters now that the majority of our customers are renewing and they're renewing at higher minimums, higher subscription levels. But we are seeing some percentage of those customers that are choosing to renew with lower minimums, lower subscriptions. But the trade-off there is consistently a higher foreclosed loan fee. And our objective on all of these renewals, which we're achieving, is to increase the total contract value that these customers are, regardless of which way that go in that negotiation based on the value that we're continuing to provide with all the new innovation that we're introducing into the marketplace.  So in terms of renewals, we're not really seeing a significant change. On the sales front, we continue to have great sales success. I just mentioned several new wins on top of other wins that we've announced recently with Citizens Bank and Webster Bank. So we feel good about the funnel. What's unknown and what we're just watching closely is that just given how fast rate expectations changed, a lot of our market participants want market stability and want a view as to when they're going to get return on investments. So we're watching closely to see our sales cycles going to potentially lengthen. But for the most part, we are seeing customers continuing to take this time while the tide is out to invest in this critical infrastructure, so that when the tide comes back in, they're well-positioned to capitalize on them. 
Benjamin Jackson: Thanks, Dan. It's Ben. In terms of these large clients that we've signed, it does take time to implement them. These systems are core to their operations. There's a high amount of compliance that's managed through these applications. So it takes time to bed them down in highly regulated companies. So it is going to take time for those to flow through. But many of them, as they -- as we've been announcing a lot of these wins through last year, is going to start playing out towards the latter part of this year. And into next year, you'll start seeing contribution of those.  On the servicing side, the servicing business is doing very well. From our perspective, we -- and we mentioned it on last call, there has been some industry consolidation that did impact a little bit in Q1. You do have MSRs, mortgage servicing rights, that do switch at times between subservicers, some that are on MSP and some that are not on MSP. And we saw some of that again in Q1, but the net effect is it basically nets out.  One change we did see was -- in this past quarter was we did see an acceleration from one of the large depositories that's been very public about wanting to sell some of what they saw as their nonstrategic MSRs that came through their correspondent channel. So we saw an acceleration of that. We see that as a temporary thing. But overall, on MSP, we have a record number of clients that are on MSP with 94 clients, and we have 13 clients that are going through implementation. Many of these are ones that we've announced since we closed on Black Knight and have they really accelerated the ability to pick up a lot of these clients.  The second thing I'd point out is that on the servicing side, I'm really pleased with our execution in terms of modernizing that technology stack. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the new natural language processing-based platform and MSP DX, so the whole interface that the clients use to interface that with the servicing system has been overhauled already. As I mentioned on our prior call, we've embedded the Simplifile platform into the back end of MSP to automate the process of releasing liens, so really unique position we are in to automate that with the platform that we have in Simplifile.  We've -- as mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've integrated Encompass to MSP, leveraging our data and document automation platform. And the last thing I'd point out is a lot of these Encompass wins that I keep mentioning are clients that are on MSP. Webster and Citizens Bank are 2 perfect examples, where they're on MSP and the clients see the efficiency and the vision -- the efficiency that we provide and the vision of where we're going is really helping us pull through Encompass wins. So we feel great about the positioning of it. 
Benjamin Jackson: And I'll pick up on some of the comments that I made earlier around sales. So we continue to have great sales success. We're really happy with the success that we're having with our clients and the fact that even this environment, and I use the analogy, when the tides are out, we're so pleased to see that clients right now are making investments at this point in time to be able to better position that when the tide comes in and when volumes start to return that they don't have to just throw bodies to the business in a very inefficient way that they can actually leverage technology and automation that we're providing to help them grow. So we're very pleased in what we're seeing there.  We're actually using it as also, Brian, as an opportunity to help our clients. So I'll give you an example. In our D&A business, we had some noise in our D&A line this past quarter, where we had some clients that were legacy clients of our data and document automation platform that were not on Encompass, and they were struggling in terms of volumes and in this environment. We took it as an opportunity to restructure their agreement to, in some cases, get them onto Encompass coupled with DDA so that they can get the full value that, that combined solution provides by having the loans originated on Encompass and then the automation capabilities to flow straight through, because we have wedded that DDA platform directly into the Encompass platform.  So we're using it as an opportunity, that even though we now have to implement that client, it's going to take time to get them implemented. From a strategic perspective, we're in a much better situation with that client to continue to grow with them and provide value to that client going forward. And that example is specifically Citizens Bank, as they're now on Encompass, they have the DDA platform and they have MSP as a complete front-to-back solution set for them. So we're using it as an opportunity for clients as well. 
Benjamin Jackson: Thanks, Alex. It's Ben. And for us, we see it as a long-term growth trend for us, to answer the tail end of that question that you asked there because in our view, the trends within energy broadly as well as within oil specifically, are still that there's been underinvestment in legacy energy infrastructure. The markets are still electronifying. The market wants the efficiency that can be provided by the electronification. You have energy markets that are more global. Supply chains are continuing to evolve. Clients want more precision in their ability to manage risk at the point of production and consumption. And the world is moving more green. So you have that confluence of issues.  And we've been managing our portfolio across energy as a portfolio that helps to solve all of those problems. So we've built deep liquid products across our gas business, hundreds of locations and benchmark products within our gas business. We've done the same exact thing within our oil business, and we've done the same thing in our environmental business. So there's a relationship between all of those that we think is strong and you can't discount that as an underlying thing that's growing our overall complex because customers want to manage all this risk in one place.  So we continue to be very well positioned. You have Brent as the cornerstone of this business. I went through in my prepared remarks, and we've talked about a lot of the innovation that we've introduced to this market over the last 3 years with our Murban contract growing significantly, with our HOU contract which now has Midland WTI oil basis, Houston flowing into the Brent contract, we are so well positioned across that complex to grow as our clients need the precision of these risk management tools that it's fantastic for us.  And even in oil, I'd point out that we've been, from an environmental perspective, investing in new contracts like our RINs contracts, renewable identification numbers, as the EPA continues to raise the number of -- the amount of renewable fuels that needs to be blended into gasoline. And that used to be a very much an OTC opaque market. And we've introduced futures into that, and it's been growing very nicely for us as well. So we continue to innovate in this space, not only within oil, but I think it's important to look at it in the broader context of our energy business. 
Warren Gardiner: Sure, Ben. Let me start on that transaction. I'm going to turn it to Ben to give you some color more on what's going on with the customer front. So yes, you're correct. I mean when we thought about guidance last quarter and we gave you that guidance, the high end of that range really was taking in what some of the forecasters were giving you in terms of what they thought the year was going to look like. And we wanted to build in towards the lower end of that range, a little bit more of a conservative outlook. You've seen that they brought those down as well, and that actually now -- so that same framework was how we were thinking about this as we revised guidance this quarter because we've now taken it down sort of similar -- at least at the high end towards where they're sitting at the moment and that we wanted to put a little bit more of a conservative bent on it towards the lower end of that range as we move forward. There's obviously a lot of uncertainty around what the trajectory of interest rates and, therefore, mortgage bonds are going to look like as we move through the balance of the year. And so that was how we were thinking about it from an origination standpoint and just the macro impact that, that has on the customer base as they think about making decisions and things of that nature. 
Warren Gardiner: Craig, it's Warren. So I think Chris and Lynn just covered kind of what we were seeing on the customer front, and that's a big part of why you're seeing that pickup in ASV in the Fixed Income & Data and Analytics business. So -- and so we've seen pretty stable retention trends. We're seeing an improvement in the sales cycle. We're seeing, as I said in my prepared remarks, more of a reengagement from the customer base within the fixed income ecosystem around those products, whether it's the pricing and reference data business or the index business. And that's really a big reason of why we're seeing the improvement there.  And it's really -- as we spoke to you guys throughout the course of last year, we were having some pressures on that business. We mentioned that it was because we had a really sharp move on higher in interest rates. There was sort of a period of time there where customers were sitting on their hands trying to -- sort of licking their wounds, if you will, in a way. And now that we've seen somewhat of a stabilization here at these kinds of interest rates, fixed income becomes a fairly attractive asset class. And I think that's a lot of the reason you're seeing that reengagement, you're seeing some growth, you're seeing index purchases, things of that nature, that's really starting to help that business pick up versus where it was a couple of quarters ago. 
Warren Gardiner: It's Warren. So yes, we still expect that to be in the low single-digit range. Really, what happened this quarter, I mentioned a little bit in my prepared remarks with more on the New York Stock Exchange data side, where in the prior year we had -- the administrator takes kind of overbilled people and our allocation was a little bit higher, and so we had to reverse some of that in the first quarter. You'll see revenue in the second quarter pick back up as that kind of is no longer the case for us. And so I think you start to see a little bit better growth as we kind of move to the balance of the year within that segment because the underlying trends there are still the same as what we've been seeing in the last couple of quarters.  Certainly, on the exchange data side, things are positive. We're seeing some momentum in listings for sure. But at the same time, there is M&A. There is still an element of delisting on the stack side that's weighing a little bit. So to get to that low single-digit, I don't think you necessarily need to see a big acceleration in listings. But certainly, we are seeing some positive things that I think are encouraging on that front. And I think the trends on the Exchange data side, particularly on the Futures side, I think we'll continue to be strong through the balance of the year. 
Warren Gardiner: That sounds like three questions, Brian. I'll take 1 and 3, then Ben will take 2. So I think towards the higher end of that of the total -- of the range for total revenue, where we're talking about originations down more in the higher single-digit, mid- to high single-digit range versus 2023, which was also, by the way, the worst year for originations in probably about 30 years, I think you'd expect recurring revenues to be down a little bit year-over-year. I mean renewals will come in a little bit -- will be under a little bit of pressure, continue to be under a little bit of pressure. I would imagine decisions get pushed out a little bit, things of that nature. Towards the higher end, I think flat to maybe potentially a little bit softer versus last year's there and really for the same reasons, but is not really to the same magnitude that would see probably in the higher single-digit range, if you will on that front. So look, I think importantly, through all of this and what's kind of driving some of this, is just uncertainty across this asset class and certainly across a number of asset classes. And that uncertainty is helping to propel a lot of growth in other areas of our business. We've seen some better trends in both bonds. We've seen better trends in CDS in April. Obviously, our Futures business is doing really well.  And so this mortgage is part of a bigger and broader business that has proven to continue to compound through a lot of different environments. And I think that will continue to be the case despite what is kind of a really a generational low in industry origination volumes for the mortgage market at the moment. Quickly on -- just on the revenue synergies, we continue to make progress there. As we said, we're sort of around that $30 million or so range last quarter. We continue to make progress on that front. We'll give you guys more of an update as we kind of move into -- closer to next year though. 
