Benjamin Jackson: Thanks, Craig. This is Ben. And in terms of attritions that we saw, a couple of our clients that have been subject to mergers and acquisitions. On the same token though, we see a benefit from it. And a couple of obvious examples would be JPMorgan buying First Republic. Those moves – those loans have moved and are moving on to MSP and then you’ll also have RoundPoint and Two Harbors that have come together and have consolidated their loans on MSP. So when you see that type of M&A activity on the servicing side, it’s been pretty much a net-net. If you look across our overall mortgage segment and just looking at the flat performance that we had last year in terms of recurring revenue and the guide Warren gave this year. Underneath that I think it’s important that we are very confident that based on the sales success and the low attrition that we have had that we are clearly gaining share against both proprietary systems, as well as third-party peers during this tremendous decline in market volumes which in particular is on the origination side of the house. And I’d be – it’s important to highlight as well that 2023 was a generational low in terms of mortgage transaction volumes. So we went back to data that we see as far back to 1991 to find a year that was as bad and it was actually 1991 that was even close and even that year was better. So to us, markets revert to a mean and if you look at the average from 1991 to 2023, the average is around 10 million loans, the mean was around 8, I think we put a conservative band around that 7 to 10 million loans given the market share gains that we’ve had. The significant customers that we are winning and implementing. We believe this platform is springloaded for growth as we turn the corner. 
Benjamin Jackson: Thanks, Simon. In terms of composite estimates that are out there, so if you look at the industry bodies that put out industry volume estimates, the market was approximately down 11%, what our modeling shows and if you take a composite of the industry analyst that’s above where it is. I think in terms of couple data points I can share as I said, there is no question in our mind that we are gaining share in terms of against both proprietary platforms and third-party platforms and a lot of those clients because they are significant in size or in the implementation phase. So the benefits we’ll get from recurring revenues will take some time as we implement those clients. The other benefit that we get when those clients are implemented is that those are new loans on our platform that will get per closed transaction fees on and those loans will also interact with hundreds of third-party service providers we have on our network. So when you are ordering a credit report for example, we get a fee for the efficiency that we provide on ordering those services on our networks. So those are additional transaction revenues that we would also benefit from in that case. The other thing that I’d say is that if you look at closed loans on our platform as we look at the closed loans that we saw on our platform were roughly mid-digit percentage points ahead of where the composite estimates are which further is evidence that we are gaining share and springloading this platform for when market volumes stabilize and Warren gave that range of couple hundred million to a half a billion in his comments just a minute ago. So I think that helps to frame when we say that the business is springloaded what that actually means.
Benjamin Jackson: Hey, Ken. It’s Ben. Thanks for the question. So I’ll start on TTF. So, TTF, a lot of that volume is now on exchange and has transitioned over 10 plus years that we’ve seen that transition happening. I think the next step in the evolution of TTF that we see and I alluded to this in my prepared remarks is that, this is becoming and really has become the global benchmark for natural gas around the world. And it’s being more and more as a proxy for, when you are trading LNG and that’s seeing shifts around the world, which you can underestimate and you follow these markets very closely, you can underestimate the impact of the liberalization of natural gas has had to really creating a global natural gas market. It’s no longer subject to being secular pipeline infrastructure and storages. It can be freely transported around the world. And that is where we are seeing the growth in the TTF contracts and that’s why we constantly point out we are seeing new records, double-digit growth in terms of market participants, significant double-digit growth in terms of data subscriptions in TTF. TTF is up 100% in open interest year-over-year, 45% in ADV this year as more and more clients as they are looking at global issues around the movement of LNG out of the US going into Europe. They need to think about longer term implications of the White House recently announcing pauses on new LNG exports going out. US LNG heading east bound that goes through the Red Sea and Jeff alluded to it in his comments impacts that the attacks in the Red Sea it had on shipping there. US LNG going out of the Gulf going to Asia and when it’s going west bound has to go through the Panama Canal that same unbelievable drought conditions impacting that. These are all risks that people need to manage and it’s the TTF contract that we are now doing that with. So we see a lot of growth in that as that continues to evolve to be a global benchmark similar to what Brent is clearly today.  On WTI, really it goes to the a lot of the investments we have made in the innovation we’ve made in the oil market around that HOU contracts which is Midland WTI basis Houston, a physically delivered contract that we launched a couple of years back that’s been growing significantly, which is pricing WTI oil basis Houston, that’s going into the Atlantic basin and a lot of that being delivered into Europe. People that hedge and trade in those markets are trading those off the cornerstone of Brent are also using our HOU contract and then as a package that also trade WTI and for the efficiencies that they get trading in those Brent markets across those three contracts. We are seeing more and more of that trading volume moving to our exchange. So that’s on the second part of your question around WTI. That’s what we see is driving a lot of that growth in market share.
Benjamin Jackson: Yeah, sure Ben. So, yeah, look, I think it’s a testament to the organization in the sense that we were very well prepared for this deal to close and we really hit the ground running. And so, not only is a testament to the ability for us to kind of get all of our ducks in a row, but also just flexing the muscle that I think we’ve shown over the last number of years that integrations like this it’s definitely a skill set of ours. So, I think to some extent it’s very much a testament to do those two things in terms of us being a little bit better than we initially spoke to when we announced the deal around our Year One synergies. So, look, it does certainly make us feel comfortable about getting to our target of $200 million by the end of year five having coming in as strongly as we are right out of the gates here. But as we move through this year, I think we will take the opportunity to see how that unfolds and if there is any clarity on that and if there is potential to increase those, we’ll certainly let you know. But right now, look we are five months into the same things are going very well and we are really just making progress towards those targets. 
Warren Gardiner: And Craig, I will make that too on the flat guidance for recurring revenue. So on the implementation side, just to reiterate what Ben said that we do have some good visibility into some of the MSP and Encompass sales that are coming online throughout the year and those are the products that are going to really move the needle.  On the erosion side, absent of course the one that I mentioned around M&A. Renewals on Encompass and customer engagement, that’s some of the stuff that pressures last year. We still expect some of that, but we’ve seen those trends start to stabilize and actually start to improve in the fourth quarter and into early this year. What I obviously don’t know it’s had visibility into is some of those things like an M&A activity related to our customers. But overall, we feel pretty good about that guide and Ben touched on this too. I think it’s important to really note, well, of course those recurring revenues are important. A lot of these products are also going to have a transaction component to it. And as he noted, we are coming off with the worst year for originations in a generation, but we’ve continue to add new customers, the current customer base is continue to add additional products and we’ve expanded that network. So that when those transactions do normalize, we are going to be really benefiting from that not only on the recurring side, but I think on the transaction side as well. And maybe to help frame that a little bit for you, I think if you were to see industry loan volumes in that $7 million to $10 million loan range, again with $10 million being the average over the last 30 years, we’d see a couple $100 million to nearly $0.5 billion of incremental transaction revenue and that would be a revenue that would be coming at really high incremental margin. So, look, we are focused on investing in the platform, expanding the network, so that we are best positioned for when this market normalizes. 
Warren Gardiner: And Ben, I’ll pick up on that on other things that we are seeing. We’ve mentioned on prior calls things like our proprietary cloud being something that’s – that we are very proud of in terms of the scalability, the architecture, the operational resiliency, the cyber capabilities that we have there. So we see an opportunity over time to move some of the core technology platforms there to our proprietary cloud and we are planning around that right now and there is a lot of benefits our clients will get from that. Other things that we see is, we are enhancing the MSP platform. So that’s SaaS-based platform that MSP has. We are continuing to enhance this. Leveraging our experience in upgrading technology. The analogy we’ve used in the past, we have to upgrade technology while the cars are driving over the bridge. We have done this time and time again and once business at NYSE and with our ICE Data Services business. So leveraging our expertise is scalable, distributed architecture is all things that we are going to apply towards the enhancements of MSP and making it as efficient of an enhancement as possible. And then the last thing I’d say is, we’ve moved our Black Knight data team. That’s come over, in particular the product team over to our ICE Data Services division and the reason we did that is we think there is going to be two benefits from that. Number one is from the technology side, are there technology capabilities within ICE Data Services or Black Knight that both sides can take advantage of and the early returns are, yes there are. And then number two is our product innovation. There is a number of data sets within Black Knight that are highly applicable to the capital markets space and we believe that with our capital markets expertise within ICE Data Services, there is a lot of new product innovation that we can put out there that will generate benefits both short and medium term.
Warren Gardiner: Thanks, Brian. And you categorize that $300 million that I outlined before. And I think what we are seeing is that the clients one they appreciate and have had a lot of experience working with ICE and our test capabilities have running highly efficient utility type technology infrastructure for them. And that we do this in very efficient ways and we have deep relationships with all of these clients, which I think has really accelerated our ability to hit these revenue synergy targets. And getting ahead of that is quickly as we have only being five months after we’ve done the deal. If you look at the three categories I outlined there, there is one of cross-selling Encompass into roughly 40 of the top 100 MSP clients. And right out of the gates we had a big win there. We mentioned JPMorgan Chase in 2023 that we obviously have big relationships with across all of ICE. And then, in the fourth quarter we added M&T Bank very quickly after we closed. So those are some great examples and that that fit into that first category that take time to implement. The second category is cross-selling MSP into our ICE Mortgage Technology client base. We have thousands and thousands of lenders that are in the ICE Mortgage Technology client base that are leveraging various pieces of technology from us and right out of the gates we had some significant wins in the fourth quarter, Fifth Third Bank, another big super regional bank is in the process of moving to MSPs. That was a great win. I mentioned Black Hills Federal Credit Union in the fourth quarter. They are an ICE Mortgage Technology client as well as Mortgage Solutions of Colorado. And then in my prepared remarks, I also mentioned CapEd Credit Union. So they are an existing Encompass client, as well. So they are adding MSP seeing the addition of us pulling together this complete front to back network.  In the third category, this is expanding our network while cross-selling a lot of our technology platform, ancillary products and data solutions. And here we’ve also seen some great success. So we’ve cross sold a lot of our Black Knight data sets alongside our deal with Fifth Third Bank and MSP. We’ve included our data and document automation platform with the M&T Bank, deal that we closed in the fourth quarter. I think some other areas that we are just now, because we had do some near term integration work that we are just now positioned to start to cross-sell is another important thing to highlight as we – one of the first things we integrated is we took our Simplifile platform and the incredible network that Simplifile has with all of the local counties around the US and we’ve embedded that network into the, really the back end workflow of MSP, our servicing platform and we are now utilizing that to automate lean releases. So when a loan is paid off on the MSP platform, we can leverage the Simplifile rails to make it highly efficient and effective and very quick to actually effect that lean release which will be additional transaction revenue for us.  I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we’ve integrated our data and document automation platform into MSP. So this is on the front end of the MSP process that we now have our first real integration between Encompass and MSP where we are taking that digital loan file as it’s compiled and can map that now directly into MSP and automate the onboarding of loans. And then we’ve also completed a significant amount of the integration work needed for our proprietary data sets such as closing fees valuations tax and flood and now have the ability to cross-sell all of these data sets that we’ve not had historically a proprietary solution on our Encompass platform. So we can now cross sell that to our client base. So we’ve had a lot of great wins. Those are lot of great successes and update on that, but also some things you will be hearing about more in the future as we are now able to start to distribute these.
Warren Gardiner: Sure. Thanks, Dan. So I think, look, we don’t give sort of forward free cash flow guidance. But we certainly did just report a strong year at $3.2 billion of free cash flow with only about a quarter or so of Black Knight in there. So, that coupled with growth. I think it’s fair to assume that’ll be better than that in 2024 at the end – as we said, at the moment, our plan is to return the vast majority of that not return I should say, our plan is to use the vast majority of that to pay down the outstanding debt that’s out there today. And so, I think is we are thinking about that in the go forward here. I still think we are on track here as we’ve talked about where we thought for that paydown schedule being sometime in 2025, but depending on forms this could be a little bit earlier in that, as well. So, we are going to have to just sort of see how the year plays out ultimately, but as I said, very much on track to what we thought we’d be and where we would be in terms of our deleveraging phase.
Warren Gardiner: Sure. Kyle, it’s Warren. So, as we said in the past, back in May, you are right, we did increased a couple of contracts across our oil business that something we hadn’t done in a number of years and I’d say it went pretty well. I think you saw the impact – we see to some extent as we move through the year and obviously the volumes were record levels and continue to be so in January of this year, as well. So I would say that that was – that went well. As we’ve said to you all in the past, our philosophy is to really look across the platform and look for areas where we have created value and where we can then go capture value. And so we do that every year and we think about it in different ways or utilize it in different ways and as we think about this year what we’ve done within the futures business, we did make some adjustments to the exchange data fees. We’ve done some price adjustments around some of the energy contracts outside of our oil business and then we also made some adjustments on collateral fees at the clearing house which in aggregate actually we are pretty similar to what the impact would have been or was I should say from the changes we made to the oil contracts last year. So, again, we’ve done a similar exercise but executed it in somewhat of a different way and I think that’s part of the opportunity we have going forward as we think about the futures business and ICE probably in terms from a pricing strategy standpoint.
