Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Thanks for the question, Rich. I believe that we're going to go through a really volatile time here based on talking to our customers, particularly many of the drilling and integrated oil firms trying to figure out the dynamic for the next few years. So we see a strong volatility ahead which should drive volume growth. I think underpinning your question is a concern that price in U.S. natural gas has been at historically low levels and volumes on ICE are reduced in the U.S., and I think people sort of somehow try to correlate that. But what many don't recognize is that the U.S. natural gas business is really a regulated business where the end product, natural gas, goes through local distribution companies that are regulated or electric utilities to make electric power, which are regulated, and have the ability to pass through costs, in many cases, to their customers. And therefore, only hedged when there is extreme volatility and work with their Public Utility Commissions to come up with a program that they know that can be passed through. That is very different than the oil industry, where oil products become petroleum fuels, chemicals, other things that go into the free market. And therefore, the supply chain all along there has gotten used to hedging. And in fact, we continue to see increased hedging activity to the point that Scott Hill and I have been meeting with senior managements of consumer-driven firms that here before hadn't hedged and actually, even at the senior level, want to talk about how to do that. So we see great differences between the oil business and the natural gas business, which I think caused us some of that concern.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a good question. I'm not going to give you a specific target. But I think people will be surprised that we really believe the NYSE cash equities business can operate at very high operating margins. And I think we, in fairness, the market watched NYSE and its other U.S. competitor lose market share over a period of time and have to change their business models. But we now see market share growing, we see the trends increasing. And we're putting up a business underneath that, an operational business underneath that, that will deliver very, very high returns. We can see it already. It's already -- it already really improved our performance in the last part of 2014. We're projecting even more for '15 and '16. One of the things if you look at the circular chart that Scott laid out on Slide 6, where we show our breakup of revenue, you'll see that what we have really built over the last year or 2 inside ICE is a very, very big data distribution business, to the point that about 40% of our revenues are no longer variable revenues. These are high-value recurring revenues, predictable, where, I believe, we are really providing interesting things and have some pricing power and the ability to massively expand our distribution into that space. And certainly, data and offshoots of the NYSE, you can see is contributed in there. So we'll -- we want you to monitor that business. We're certainly investing in it. It's why we bought SuperDerivatives, for example. And we'll be rolling out more products and services over the next few years in that area. And I think that will help determine how strategic these businesses are for us.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: That's a tough question. First of all, we haven't announced anything along those lines. So -- is the short answer. But what we are doing is we have rolled out a number of futures products that we think will attract standardized business that we think can be listed and that can replace much of what was done in the swaps world, including our acquisition of the Irish patent abilities -- capabilities to launch interest rate swaps in Europe based on that as well as credit swaps. So you've seen -- we have a number of swap futures products, and what you've seen us do so far is to use our current infrastructure, our current delivery mechanisms and our current customer base to bring more products along that capability. I've mentioned that, in my prepared remarks that we bought SuperDerivatives, which really has an amazing employee pool that understands very, very complex derivatives, and we've been working with them to try to figure out how best to utilize their expertise in our clearing houses. I think, over time, to answer your question about competition, clearing houses that really have invested in the ability to model and see risk and manage risk to the benefit of the end users that pass muster with the regulators and our board and shareholder base are going to be big winners, and that's what you've seen us investing in over the last few years. And so I think that the growth trend around that will continue.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, the interest rate market is huge and complex and touches all kinds of -- actually, there's all kinds of submarkets within the interest rate market. But right now, we're living in the Western world, in a 0 interest rate environment, for all intents and purposes, in some cases, negative interest rate environment. Nobody needs to hedge negative interest rates. And so what -- the size of that market is going to be very, very much driven by monetary policy. But I think I've mentioned on this call before that one of the things that happens in the low interest rate environment is that people borrow money and they put it to work in all kinds of different places, and it's very hard to know where it's going. And when interest rates do rise, and I suspect they will eventually rise here, people that have invested in low interest rate activities are going to want to hedge those out quickly. And I think you'll see a dramatic rise. In fact, here in the U.S. interest rate environment there -- it's been incredibly active, even though it's very, very unclear what our monetary policy in the U.S. is really going to be. But just the prospect that it might change has really gotten tremendous volumes, volumes that in many cases are bigger than 2007 top of the market kind of volumes. So I think these are big opportunities, at the right moment in time, with the right products set, and that's what we have been spending a lot of time with the pretty sophisticated group now that we have, analyzing and trying to position ourselves for.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a good question. We have really targeted our energy business at commercial users, and so the growth in open interest has really been commercially-oriented. And we found that, that businesses is very, very sticky. I mean, those -- the commercial uses are the ultimate hedgers and so they hold open interest and then they manage those positions over the long term as things change. And so we're really in a very luxurious position with respect to that particular franchise and how we've taken it to market and the results that we've seen in these volatile periods. It's partly why our market share in the global oil market is up, frankly. And [indiscernible].
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Maybe another way to think about it at a high level, the way that I think about it, is that the commodity business around the world is largely dollar denominated, and we just decided years ago to put our commissions in dollars. When we bought the Liffe exchange, which is a British exchange, it's located in the U.K., and it had both euro and pound-denominated contracts, but because it was located in U.K., for many of its European currencies, it charged commission in pounds even if the currency was in a different. And we have expenses in pounds because we're still operating a large European business. So we're a very, very dollar-denominated company.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: That's a good question, but you always have to remember, there's 2 sides in every trade. And so as oil prices are falling, you have producers that want to lock in higher prices for sales before they fall, and are in the market with their marketing people aggressively trying to do that. The producers are making investments and, often times, have to hedge them in order to get financing and make a longer-term commitment. So you have both -- you have pressure on both sides to lock in prices, and that creates the natural tension that then creates the price discovery process. But long story short, there just -- every time there's volatility, it's -- to me, it's like a hurricane that goes through Florida. After the hurricane goes through, people think about buying home owner insurance and -- when they rebuild their house. And every time there's volatility to the upside and to the down side, both sides of that equation, both buyer and seller think about, after high-volatility periods, that maybe they should lock some in and that's, to a certain degree, what you see going on here. And it looks to us like we're going to be in a pretty volatile environment, you can turn on the TV and -- or read the press and you can see pundits talking about their predictions of where oil prices are going to go in '15, '16 and '17 already, and based on the politics of the oil business.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, the way I'm thinking about it, which is a lay person, is that the more I talk to our customers, the more I've learned that the fracking wells that have really been responsible in the United States for this tremendous resource that we have, have a very short life. They degrade very, very quickly. And it is not uncommon for wells to only last 18 months. And so capacity, as -- and from the first day that the well starts, they're degrading. So it's almost a given under that circumstance that you're going to see capacity coming out of the market pretty quickly in the United States. And as you do that, supply and demand will change its balance and, theoretically, prices may go up. And so these are not oil wells like I grew up with, where Jed Clampett took a gun and shot it at the ground and oil came bubbling out, and had a geyser that went straight up in the air. This is very -- oil is hard to get out of the ground and degrades quickly and needs constant reinvestment. So it will interesting to watch how the market readjusts. In that regard, that's why I think you see the forward pricing curve that I mentioned already on the move up for future oil prices.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: The other interesting just side note to that is that one of the benefits that we've had in the U.S. is very low natural gas prices, which also come from fracking. A lot of that natural gas is natural gas that's associated with oil fracking. It's not drillers that went looking for natural gas, it's drillers that went looking for oil and they get natural gas associated with it, and they basically were pumping the gas out at low prices in order to get at high-priced oil. So the symbiotic nature of associated natural gas with oil is something that will also be interesting to watch to see whether there's price volatility in the U.S. natural gas markets.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a very good question. You're exactly right in that basically, ICE, the Liffe business was subsumed into the ICE exchange and is on all the ICE platform. But before we could do that merger we had to build out a lot of new technology in the ICE platform that users of the Liffe market had gotten too used to, that did not exist in our other markets. And so what we've done as a result of that have built out a lot more capabilities and flexibilities in the ICE matching engine and trading platform, that we now have the opportunity to look at other markets and think about, "Okay, we've got this kind of interesting thing that we've built. Where else can it be deployed?" So the real benefit that we're talking about internally is the technology benefit that was something that we probably would have not built on our own. We are seeing cross-pollinization (sic) [ pollination ]. We are going -- there are traders in the world that chase volatility regardless of asset class. There are people that can price options once they understand the data on the underlying, regardless of what the underlying is. And so what you've seen us do is cross-pollinate our customer base, filled out our data set and historical data so that we can provide option traders that we know with information so they can back test and try option strategies in new markets. So there's a lot of that going on right now. And where are markets where there is not a lot of volatility, there are traders that have largely been sitting on their hands, and those are traders that we've been targeting to bring over to our other markets.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: I guess, I would push you to Slide 19, which is the earnings per share that the company has delivered for a decade. And that's how we run the business. We don't run the business for volume, never have. I don't like it. In fact, there are some articles out today about us where we have shed some volume in our U.S. options -- equity options market that was not producing positive returns for us. We don't want negative volumes. We don't want to buy volumes. And we don't care about volumes. We only care about earnings. And so what we have done is we have followed customer trends on where to position ourselves, and increasingly, what you're seeing is that there's a range of services that we're providing, including 40% of our business that is not even volume-centric anymore to customers. So I would say to you that the objectives that I'm held to by our board, that trickles down to everybody that's sitting with me in this room is that we are targeting double-digit earnings growth for our shareholders. And we do that by finding ways of serving customers, whether it's volume or not, whether it's positive volume or negative volume, we're doing -- making earnings grow. And I don't know what more to say other than we've got a very strong track record of doing that, and that's how we're motivated around here.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: What's interesting is that the -- we look at our European business, it's the euro-denominated business that's been impacted. The sterling-denominated business in the U.K., for example, has really grown. So -- and if you look at our euro-denominated business as a percent of the revenue of this company, it's very small. So we are positioning ourselves for QE changes that add volatility that we think we can grow from what is a very low revenue base for us. So it's important to us. But whether it happens in '15, '16, '17 or '18, we can't predict and it's not necessarily particularly relevant to the downside.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Yes, thanks for the question, Niamh. When we bought the company, there was a deal in place that had negative capture and -- but good market share. And we're just not interested in negative capture business. It's standing on the corner and handing out $5 bills of your shareholders' money, and that's not what we do here. And there are others that are interested in negative capture businesses. And as I think I said before, we're more than happy to send our money-losing businesses to our competitors. They don't even have to steal them. We will -- if they just call us, we'll arrange an elegant transfer to them. And so this is a very calculated market share change on our part. This is not, while it's being discovered, I think, by people writing about it, I think the reality it is -- the company is becoming more profitable. We are very focused on profitability. We have a very good relationship with the major market participants in the option space. We touch them across a whole range of options, not just equity options because of the nature of the way those markets tend to be managed and hedged. And so we're looking at our business holistically and trying to maximize profit, improve our relationships with our customers and not destroy shareholder value. And I don't know and care where the volumes come out. And whether we're the biggest or the smallest, I want to have run a company that's the best.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a good question. I mean, I woke up over the holidays to an article that somebody predicted that we were going to sell the business in 2015. Even though there's a lot of earnings per share growth that we are going to get out of that business over 15, '16 that we've laid out here, it's -- in that sense, it's an important part of our shareholder story. The actual trading of stocks is only 5% of our revenues. I don't know that the trading of equities is ever going to be wildly profitable for anybody. It's highly competitive, it's highly fragmented, it's highly regulated. And so -- but the ancillary parts that come out of that, which is a fabulous listings franchise and data business, are growing and doing really well. And we've been able to change the trajectory of those and change the cost structure underneath those businesses. So I don't know why we would get rid of that. It's -- I think, our shareholders want to participate in the earnings growth of that business. Now once we reach a terminal value, I guess, we, as I've mentioned before, we hold ourselves to growing earnings. If that business is a drag on us and we can't use it to grow earnings, then it's completely insignificant. And unlike a lot of people in the exchange space, you've seen us shed businesses. We don't -- we will curate where we go and modify what we do. And so it's hard to predict right now, but I can tell you, at least for the next couple of years, that, that is going to be -- that business is going to be a big contributor to our bottom line. So that's how I think about it.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: And if you think about all these new products, we've largely been in our historical commodity business. But now with the acquisition of NYSE Euronext, we have moved into the financial space through interest rates and through credits, that we started organically. So we've got a new palette to paint on there, with interesting new products. That's a lot of work going on internally here to come up with that road map.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: So we've been working quietly -- trying to work quietly to build consensus on what a market structure change could look like for the U.S. equities business. And from time-to-time, there've been leaks as those efforts have been going on. It's a dynamic conversation that's happening. We're talking to people all throughout the industry. We're making real progress, I think, in trying to forge consensus around what might be a better structure for everybody. And then, part of that is the ability for large institutional investors to be able to match trades and not move the market through the leakage of information. And that's a very legitimate concern on their part. It exists in every market that we serve in some form or fashion. And oftentimes, in these other markets that we serve, there are broker intermediaries or telephones involved. But given the liquid nature and high degree of standardization in equities, people want to try to do that electronically, and hence, you have the dark pool. So I think it's good that the market is trying to solve for a highly meritorious dark pool solution that gets large size done without leakage of information and without negative consequences that some of the existing dark pools have on the investors and their confidence. And so, in that sense, it would be great if I could own the entire market. We can't. We won't. We never will. And what we do try to do is come up with solutions for our customers for the parts of the market where we do things well. And in the context of meritorious dark pool trading, we think that it's very important that, that listed markets have a good quote, because the dark pool depend on a good quote. And many of the people listening on this call get mark-to-market on these good quotes. And investment decisions are made on good quotes. And companies decide go public and raise capital based on the confidence they have that their stock will be accurately dealt with and treated in the market. And so we're making, I think, real strides in shaping the conversation around how this market should evolve in the United States.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Well, let me, I may have, I misspoken. In the natural gas market, the natural producer is a natural gas company, the natural consumer is a natural gas distribution company or regulated utility. So in a sense, there are very few actual consumers in the natural gas market. These are institutional players, institutional -- commercial institutions that are hedging in either their exposure in the cost of producing wells or their exposure in delivering natural gas to customers for which there are regulators that have a voice in. That's a very different market than almost every other market we serve, where buyers and sellers are unregulated and are really hedging for totally commercial reasons, including the oil market.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: It's a very good question. First of all, I mean, interestingly, the current market structure that I've been advocating change to is technically a pilot. So that word is used pretty broadly in the regulated U.S. equity space. There's diverging views about -- in the market about what would make it better. And there's new data coming in from Canada, Australia and soon, Europe, for changes that they've been making to market structure. So as a result of that, I do think there's more of a consensus forming. But there are diverging views, and it may be that what's good for a large cap stock, very liquid large cap stock, may not be the same that's good for a small-cap stock. And so in that sense, there's conversation about whether or not one size should fit all and should we try some of these things to see whether -- maybe be one size should fit all. And so pilots give you an opportunity to do that. But bear in mind that often times, in the equity world, pilot is not a little tiny thing that's done in a laboratory. It involves everybody in the industry and can actually be quite large, as the current market structure is.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: That's a really good question. I think the opportunity -- there are a number of opportunities that will allow us to continue to grow our CDS business. Clearly, continuing to launch new products is a big part of it, big part of the growth that we saw last year was us continuing to introduce sovereign CDS instruments as an example. And we're in constant dialogue with the industry regarding where their CDS risks are in products we don't clear, and that's a clear focus for us. I think continuing to expand the customer base, that clearing CDS is another growth driver, we still don't have a mandate in Europe. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are seeing a lot of the European clients doing clearing for CDS in our U.S. clearinghouse to get rid -- to get away from the uncertainty that exists in Europe. So I think that will continue to expand. Clearly, a mandate would accelerate that, but I think the market itself without a mandate has started to see the value and realize the value of clearing and the risk mitigation in the CDS space that it brings. And then clearly, I think the Eris product and moving to an alternative product will be incremental. I do think there's likely to be some replacement aspect with regard to CDS index. But with regards to single names, with regards to sovereigns, with regards to a number of other products, I really think effectively, it will be incremental.
Jeffrey C. Sprecher: Thank you, Keith, and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you throughout the quarter. Have a good day.
Scott A. Hill: No, Rich. It is a significant driver, but it's not the significant driver. If you look across the data business, it's really a multitude of factors that's driving it. It's more customers, it's us continuing to add different products and different information that our customers want to buy, to package that information up in a way that creates more value for those customers, value that they're willing to pay us for. The ICE Benchmark is clearly a part of it and is embedded in that $100 million increase. And then on top of that, the $50 million or $55 million I talked about from acquisitions, the large part of that, in fact, the vast majority of that is SuperDerivatives. So if you look at our data line, there are any number of growth avenues that are embedded in that. And it's one of the reasons why we went ahead and put the guidance out there because we're very confident that with the additional customers, the growth in ICE Benchmark, the contribution from SuperDerivatives, that particular revenue line is going to generate significant growth for us this year.
Scott A. Hill: Yes. Again, I'm not going to get into the specifics on ICE Benchmark, Rich. But to be clear, the $100 million is organic, and then on top of that is the $50 million to $55 million from the acquisitions.
Scott A. Hill: The only thing, Christian, I'd very quickly add is the regulatory capital required is not uncertain at all. We know exactly what that is. It's disclosed in our K. It's probably another $130 million or $140 million that we're going to put into ICE Clear Europe from a regulatory capital standpoint. And that's it, and that's accounted for. And then the point to Jeff to the extent we determine that it's appropriate to invest more in our guaranteed fund, which we're certainly are looking at, that again is not anything that gives me any concerns with regards to our overall capital. And I don't think it will restrict us from doing some of the other things that we've been doing in terms of capital returns.
Scott A. Hill: The pricing changes will start on January 1. But, Ken, I would point out that a lot of the revenue growth in listings is really about the great listings year we had last year and the number of wins that we had. You saw it in the fourth quarter, as you said, tremendous fourth quarter really based on that performance. And as we roll into next year, that's the bigger factor, the far more relevant factor that's going drive revenue growth as you move through next year -- or this year, sorry.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, look, I think that concern was way overblown. And I think it remains way overblown. As you saw in the quarter, it was almost a nonissue, effectively was a nonissue, and the pound only was down 2% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and the year a little bit more than that. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are predominantly a dollar-based revenue company. We do have, clearly, some euro and pound exposures, but at the end of the day, it's very small in the scheme of things. And to the extent we've got balance sheet risk, of course, we hedge those, to the extent we've got the euro notes, of course, that's naturally hedged with the euros we set aside to prepay it. So it was a nonissue in the quarter. I suspect it will be a nonissue through the year. And the reality is it's a part of earning the global business. But to the extent that there is a significant move one way or the other, we've just got to manage through it and work our expense base to deliver the profit, and that's what we intend to do.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, both good questions. So the first answer with regards to the capital deployment mix, I do think that thinking about it, consistent with what you've seen in the past, is the right way to think about it. And so I think you're exactly right on that. With regards to the profitability of the acquisitions, the one thing I would note is, as Jeff alluded to, we've got a terrific base of employees that came to us due to the SuperDerivatives acquisition. A number of them are working on initiatives that are going to show up outside of the acquisitions themselves, whether it's work on additional clearing that will generate revenues, et cetera. So I don't think you can look at the value of those businesses strictly in the expenses and revenues that are directly related to those businesses, you have to look at our overall revenues and the value it'll bring as we deploy the resources across the broader revenue opportunity we see.
Scott A. Hill: When the forward pricing curves up, open interest out, and as Jeff said earlier, our customer mix, we don't really see any big differences.
Scott A. Hill: Well, to just tie a bow around that, volumes were down 16% last year, but revenue was up 3% and EPS were up 15%. If you look at our guidance, we basically guided you to an incremental $200 million of profit right off the top, which is double-digit earnings again. So it's just that that's the measure to which we hold ourselves and that's the measure to which investors ought to hold us.
Scott A. Hill: But I think you've seen most of the impact of those share changes flowed through in the fourth quarter in January, and I think it's likely we stabilize. And then, you also noted the RPC was up well in January. And just to be very explicit, that loss in market share had 0 impact on our bottom line.
Scott A. Hill: It's a good question. You're right, it's a metric that we've talked about from time-to-time. We look back in the 2014. We were just under about $15 million of incremental revenue that we got from those new products. As we've talked about in the past, that drops straight to the bottom line. It's, give or take, a little bit $0.10 or $0.11 of earnings per share we get from the new products that we've launched over time. The other interesting statistic that I look back is if I look over the last 5 years, we've generated north of $130 million from those new products overall. So as I've said many times in the past, the next $50 million, the next $75 million, it's unlikely that any one of those is driving $100 million, but it definitely adds up. And there's very little incremental cost of launching of those new products. We launched those new products into almost certain demand because the products we launch are ones that customers tell us they need. So it was a nice little adder in 2014. I suspect that will be the case again in 2015.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I think we've demonstrated, we've got to be over 1,000 new products now that we've launched since we opened up ICE Clear Europe back in 2008. And again, we're in constant dialogue with our customers about the next product they need to fill out their risk management portfolio.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I don't recall saying it was going to be $100 million business. I might have commented that it is a business that's similar to the CDS clearing business that we've created. It's really one that effectively didn't exist until we started it with LIBOR a year and change ago. I think the real value of that business, and you're already seeing it, is it started out as the LIBOR administrator. Around that, it's built a governance infrastructure, it's built a discipline around how those rates are determined, it's putting confidence around those rates. That model is replicable in multiple places. And the next step was ISDAFIX, and Jeff talked about that in his remark. The more recent steps was in gold. And so I think there are a couple of opportunities in that business. Number one, I think there's an opportunity to get the market confidence back in those benchmarks and to see growth around those benchmarks, LIBOR, ISDAFIX and gold. But I think we can leverage platform that we've built, the governance structure we've built to deploy it across multiple asset classes. I don't know what the size of that is 2 years from now, 5 years from now, but it's bigger than it is today, and I think it's going to be a meaningful contributor.
Scott A. Hill: Yes, I mean you can think about, I mean, airlines are massive consumers of oil. And so in terms of production and consumption, I don't see anywhere near the imbalance you suggest that exists. And in fact, many commercial organizations are consumers of oil and are hedgers in that space as well. So I don't see the balance that you suggested.
