Jeff Sprecher: Well, I think, we’re feeling pretty good in the sense that we caught the wind of a global commodity trend. I was with my father-in-law over the weekend who is a farmer and he’s being told by the U.S. Department of Agriculture that there’s probably, their outlook is for a 30-year bull market in agricultural commodities, given the demands that the emerging economies food supply are going to put on the global agri business. And Scott and I were just got back from China and met with the two largest oil companies in China. There are three in China in total and we met with the two largest, who are dealing with the fact that the Chinese government is changing the formula for pricing gasoline. They were using a moving average of 22 days, where they would look at oil prices over 22-day period and then based on that movement decide whether or not to change the price of consumer gasoline. The government is going to make consumer gasoline more response to market conditions and is moving the window to a 10-day moving average. Anticipation is that, with the growth in demand of transportation, they really want to expose their economy to more of the true price shocks. So that means more hedging requirements for the oil companies, which was the nature of the meetings that we were having over there. So anecdotally, we continue to see very strong global trends for energy and agriculture and have been fortunate that we positioned the company at the heart of that.
Jeff Sprecher: I actually think the bigger lobbying force or conversation that’s going on around that is by the true ultimate end users that I really believe globally regulators understand the need for corporate entities to hedge foreign exchange risk and commodity risk and interest rate risk and realize that these companies were not at the heart of the financial problems that we’ve had. And so any increase in capital requirements for being able to write customized swaps is going to ultimately be passed on to the end user. So I tend to think that it’s that group that is having the conversation that is being heard and that regulators are ultimately going to strike a balance that would have the market allow dealers and others to write customized, tailored OTC swaps, bilateral non-cleared customized swaps to end users but then turn right around and lay the bulk of that risk off in transparent liquid markets that are cleared. And I think that’s where regulators are heading to. We obviously benefit by being the transparent regulated markets with clearing. And so I think it’s long-term bullish for where we position the company.
Jeff Sprecher: Yeah. It’s not a confusion issue at all. In fact, there’s absolute clarity. Come July of next year, we will be in ACF, CFTC and World and we’ve got a very clear migration path that we worked out with the customers. I think what you’re seeing in the fourth quarter is simply a typical market slowdown in the fourth quarter in CDS. The fact that we’ve been ramping additional new products and bringing in new clearing members throughout this year. And so what you’re seeing is more of a market slowdown 4Q versus 3Q, which again is what’s historically the case.
Jeff Sprecher: You know, we’ll see how the final rules get written but if you look at the clearing houses now that we’ve got, we feel pretty good about the capital we have on hand. We already -- for example, CDS clearing house, we already have a guaranteed fund that reflects the default of the two largest clearing members on a simultaneous basis. We’ve always held Reg cap aside for all of our clearing houses. We’ve already have (inaudible). So the way the rules have been written at least as they evolved to this point, we feel pretty comfortable that the capital structures we built in our clearing houses are going to be more than sufficient.
Jeff Sprecher: I think the reason I wanted to mention it was that we took a look at our records. And we have, I believe, 422 brokerage firms that have provided trades to us. Now, some of those firms are brother, sister with one another because of global organization but -- and that’s just in the energy footprint that we have. So all of those companies are going to need to figure out how to deal with compliance, how to deal with SEFs. Frankly, many of them, their business model has been made illegal by Dodd-Frank. And so contrast that with ICE and the over-the-counter markets have started the company and continued with the idea that we want to be transparent and standardized contracts clear them and more recently, provide compliance over them. So we have a lot of systems that we may be able to provide the marketplace at a moment in time that the marketplace may be faced with these investments. We’ll have to see how the SEF rules play out. But the point here is that we see dozens and dozens of people talking about the need that they may have to go create SEFs and we’ve seen comments by regulators that they expect potentially a flurry of these things. And my point is that I think people are underestimating the magnitude of the investment that it has taken to put systems in place that really provide best-in-class compliance and technology services. 
Jeff Sprecher: Yeah. I think it’s a good question because we believe we’re ultimately levered for that as well. I mean, if we get in a better growth environment, which should help the equities markets and again demand borrowing, which will create demand for interest rate rising, then you’re going to expect that the overall economy is rising, which means more global demand for commodities. So we saw during, sort of, the boom period over the last decade of interest rates and equities that we were growing very quickly, maybe even best-in-class and I think we’re exactly levered to that as well.
Jeff Sprecher: Yeah. Appreciate the question. So, look, I think the first way we differentiate ourselves is we show them $13 trillion cleared and multi-billion dollar guaranteed fund and a system that’s clearing 260 products. So the buy side speech is now not just a speech, it’s a demonstrable business that we actually run day-to-day. You can see that the buy side has started to clear, we’re at over $3 billion cleared, not a huge amount compared to $13 trillion but clearly buy side activity. And then the other thing, we talked about -- we don’t just talk to them on a side basis, they’re actually a formal part of our governance structure. We’ve got a buy side committee where the larger -- a lot of the large buy side firms have come in and said we want to work with you to help you refine and develop a system that makes sure that it meets our needs and requirements as we move forward. So I read the report that you put out. And I think some of the commentary about them moving to clearing mid-to-later part of next year is probably right. But I think, we clearly demonstrated that we’ve got the leading CDS clearing platform. And I think the fact that they’re working with us as a part of our governance structure and are already testing with some clearing volumes today demonstrates that they see us as the leader and are going to come our way.
Jeff Sprecher: This is Jeff. You know, when we bought Creditex, we were very I think specific in articulating why we wanted to get into that business, which is that we felt that the credit business was an analog business that was going to go digital, that it was one of the only asset class that’s remained analog and that we were going to position that company for the eventual standardization, clearing and electronic trading of credit. And what’s been amazing is that while on the one hand, there’s been a credit contraction, on the other side of that, we have really worked hard, Scott Hill oversees that business along with an on-the-ground senior management team at Creditex. We have been rapidly restructuring that business along that business plan starting years ago. And that means moving more of the business electronic, I think 57% of last quarter was electronic volume, restructuring compensation with people so that they are no longer telephonic voice brokers but are brokers that are working around electronic platform. And as you’ve seen, even though the top line’s gone down, we’ve been doing very well. So we are prepared for a very large operating margin expansion in that business as it goes electronic. And obviously, under Dodd-Frank, it’s going to push it to further electronic.
Jeff Sprecher: Yeah. The increases we’re seeing in market data over the last couple quarters is really growth we’re seeing in users. It’s new people that want our data and want access to our platform. So as I’ve said in the past, the market data growth to me is a good indicator that there’s continued and growing interest in the products that trade on our exchange and although not necessarily highly correlated item, it is indicative -- it’s a good indicator for future demand in our product.
Jeff Sprecher: And maybe just to follow up, when we met last week with SINOPEC, a Chinese oil Company, they are expanding their footprint with a trading desk in London. So as I mentioned, London is the heart of the oil business and the business seems to come to it as opposed to hedgers and traders leaving and going to Asia.
Jeff Sprecher: Yeah. I mean, again, what we’ve seen when I started three years ago, I think we had about 6,000 or so max log-ins during the day and now we’re upwards of 11,000. And again, I think that trend you see it in our data revenues being up over the last couple of years, we see new users wanting more of the data now. So there’s no question as more people get the data and get access to the system, that trading volumes will trend. Again, I don’t know a specific correlation but there’s no question that they do move together.
Jeff Sprecher: Sure. I think, Ken, Climate Exchange had a couple of businesses, they were geographically oriented and so I think as you know from doing your modeling, the real value of that business is what’s going on in Europe. And Europe is about ready to go to a new phase in climate change that -- where they’re going to require that more end user customers like airlines, start to buy carbon offsets. So we see regulatory trends, particularly in Europe, particularly favoring that footprint which is where we have a dominant share. In the U.S. -- we’ve mentioned that the businesses here are really loss-making businesses. There’s a very uncertain U.S. regulatory appetite for cap and trade and we’ve announced recently that the voluntary market that was created had an expiration date of the end of this year in it and the bulk of the users have said to us that they really don’t want to continue to trade voluntarily in the absence of any credit for their work by the current administration. So we’re down-sizing that market so that it’s simply a registry and we’ll continue to support those customers in doing what they want to do. But the trend is the other way in the United States. We have footprints in Canada, China and Australia that came with that. Each of those is heading in a different direction and amazingly, the area where there is a tremendous discussion and movement towards more carbon trading is coming out of China. And although it is not being driven by (inaudible) or Copenhagen type conversations, it’s really being driven by the government wanting to allocate energy resources and deal with local pollution issues and carbon will be a good way of doing that. So they’re talking to the mayors of the major industrial cities about trying to put caps over their energy and usage and carbon footprint and I think that internal dialogue bodes well for increased trading. We have in the United States, while the Federal Government is -- it’s uncertain what’s going to happen, there do tend to be growth in regional initiatives and sort of strong I would say demand for the continued use of renewables and so we have regional gas listing and also renewable energy credits and we’re with the top venue for that in the United States. And so we do see that business continuing and that’s kind of the landscape. But long-term, we’re bullish on this and I think really if you step back on a macro level and say here’s the Chinese in an emerging -- rapidly emerging economy wanting to put potentially some carbon limits, self-imposed. That’s really I think indicative of sort of global thinking on energy.
Jeff Sprecher: It’s a good question. I think, again, at a macro level, the marketplace seems to want multiple providers at every asset class. But not so many as to become capital inefficient and oddly, we started ICE with a pretty clear objective and we were not trying to make a statement, but over time I think regulators and the marketplace has looked to the competition between ICE and NYMEX. And in both clearing execution and other services and likes that footprint, likes that we’re highly competitive, that we keep each other in check and that we’ve had to innovate a lot to stay leaders in that space. So I think the market wants multiple providers and I think some of what you see going on in the background is that. It’s obvious that if you have a futures clearing infrastructure, that you could potentially add on OTC and potentially, with the right regulatory approvals give some kind of margin offset. The market would also -- and I think people talk about that and write about that. But the market’s also trying to go the other way, which is to create pools of OTC liquidity and pull, I believe some look-alike contracts that way so that it gets sort of the ICE, NYMEX dynamic going on. So what that suggests to me is that there’s opportunities to be either the primary or the secondary clearing house in every asset class and you have to decide whether you have the Futures footprint to draw it one way or whether you can establish a pool of OTC liquidity to draw Futures the other way. And I think you could probably go through asset class by asset class of and start to identify where likely footprints will emerge.
Jeff Sprecher: What we saw this quarter and anecdotally speaking to our customers, was a lack of volatility and the marginal fuel used to price electric power in the United States and in Europe is natural gas. And so when natural gas is less volatile and of course we didn’t have any major hurricanes that came up through the U.S. Gulf of Mexico that threatened the infrastructure and provided sort of normal third quarter volatility, that’s really what our customers are telling us that you’re seeing in power.
Jeff Sprecher: And we’ve been able to -- through a lot of new product initiatives and what have you -- expand our natural gas footprint, so the new products helped offset the lack of volatility in gas.
Jeff Sprecher: We have really laid out a number of internal business road maps depending upon what happens and all of them are positive for us. So really don’t see anything negative. Going to extremes, on the one hand SEFs may be very difficult to set up, require tremendous complexity and regulatory oversight and what have you, in which case the market may gravitate to what looks more like a futures model and brokers would be accessing broker functionality on one or two major platforms. Again, you could see sort of this futures style evolution which I think is – Dodd-Frank was trying to intend to push the market in the U.S. Or if the standards are low and you have -- we have 422 brokerage companies that have access to us, you could imagine 422 websites, for example, low tech things where there’s transparency and the reality is the market probably wouldn’t change much in terms of its basic business structure, other than the fact that there would be the ability to be more transparent as people ultimately upload those trades on a consolidated tape that is part of Dodd-Frank.Mark Lane – William Blair & Co.: Okay.
Jeff Sprecher: Let me go back quickly on the broker question. Two years ago, we had nearly 90. A year ago we had 83 and we’ve got 75 now.
Jeff Sprecher: Yeah. What we’re doing is that we’re focused on the U.S. dollar index as a very simple, easy to understand way for people to participate in foreign exchange. And the U.S. dollar index at its heart is simply -- you think the dollar’s getting stronger or weaker versus the rest of the world. And most FX as you know is traded in currency pairs. So for a person to hedge or speculate around the strengthening of the dollar you’ve got to ask yourself, compared to what, which means if you want to trade dollar, yen, you better have some intimate knowledge of what’s going on in Japan and figure out the relative merit. The dollar index just allows you to have a gut instinct over, is the dollar strengthening or weakening? And so it appeals to retail traders. It appeals to corporates that want a simple way of hedging their exposure and that’s the way we’re marketing it. We benefit from the fact that the press also views it in that regard. And Kelly talk about it every morning when he’s on the floor and it’s usually talked about before the market opens. It’s an easy way to get your arms around that concept of strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar. And so we put more marketing muscle into selling it that way and it’s really picked up and it’s a nice contract for us and it does give us exposure to the FX space, to FX traders, to algorithmic traders that can decompose the index. So there have been some positive spillover impacts for us as well.
Jeff Sprecher: Again, I’d like to thank all of our customers for their business and my colleagues here for really excellent work in the quarter and we’ll look forward to talking to you all again next quarter.
Scott Hill: I think how you see some of it in numbers too, if you look -- I mean, volatility is way off in most of the energy products and yet across the board, we’ve seen good growth in volume and good growth in open interest. So I think that’s indicative of people who weren’t necessarily in a cleared market or in a futures product that are starting to move that business. And I think that started this year. I don’t think we’re through that trend.
Scott Hill: Also, Alex, I wanted to mention to you that I think one of the -- you’ve identified this issue and one of the things that’s going on very quickly is one by one, you’re seeing the major clearing firms announce that they’re basically combining prime brokerage and clearing into one entity and what’s going on there, I believe, is that most end user customers do not become members of the clearing house. They approach clearing through an FCM. And these FCMs see the opportunity to create basically one-stop shopping for the end users and make them agnostic as to what clearing house ultimately gets used. And in fact, the prime broker clearer will actually make money by marshalling collateral around between clearing houses on behalf of customers. And so I think by the time, we get to full implementation of requirements for end user clearing, you’re going to see this structure in place that’s going to allow multiple clearing houses to flourish and make end users agnostic.
Scott Hill: Yeah. So let me get the numbers point first. So we did about $7 million, just under, in new products in the quarter, up from just under three in the quarter a year ago, roughly translated at about $0.06 a share. So give or take 4% to 5% of our earnings growth comes from those new products. In speaking with our sales team, there remains a large appetite for continuing to roll out new OTC products. And I think now we’re up to having rolled out over 300 and we’ve got a list of another 100 I would expect in the near-term. So it continues to be a good, solid contributor to the bottom line, again it’s not. None of them individually are the big home runs but collectively $0.06 a share in the quarter is a nice return on that business.
Scott Hill: Yeah. I mentioned on the call when I was talking about expenses that the growth after you adjust for severance and some of the other one-off things was literally all CLE. And then so it’s roughly $7 million in change of expense in the quarter, which you would expect to see come down in the fourth quarter because we -- as we announced, we had significantly reduced the population. We had about 66 people when we bought the company. I think we’ll be closer to 25 by the end of the year. And then we’ll reduce further into the first quarter. So seven and change and on its way down in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of next year. And then the revenue, incremental revenue, remember, we were already getting a lot of economics around the volume, the incremental revenue in the quarter was around $7 million or $8 million as well.Michael Vinciquerra – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Scott Hill: I actually think the fact that we’ve been holding at that one, four level is fairly remarkable. If you look a year ago, natural gas volatility was at 93%. This year, it’s at 37. So the volatility world is like a two-thirds reduction. We’ve continued to grow our nat gas business. We’ve continued to see good volume growth. We’ve continued to see open interest build. So I think what you’re seeing is in a significantly lower volatility environment. We continue to put up good OTC numbers and again, I think that’s because there’s a lot of business that is migrating into a cleared world and as we have benchmark products and as we roll out incremental products, we’re getting relatively more of that business and that’s supported our ability in a low volatility environment to continue to grow.
Scott Hill: And the only other point, I’d add to what Jeff said is we have continued to hold top share, one of the top one or two firms in most of the key products in the U.S. and in the U.K. So as we’ve restructured the business, the brokerage team that we’ve built is a very capable brokerage team that in a soft market is holding share and is poised to do very well if the market recovers.
Scott Hill: You keep asking and I guess I keep being not overly helpful. There’s not a specific metric that we’ve got that would show it but we do see generally continued growth out of Asia. What’s difficult in Asia as you look at the metrics because a lot of the Asian growth we actually see as Jeff mentioned in our London market with London traders. So we said that about 40% of our revenues last year came from outside the U.S. I would suspect by the time we round up the numbers for 2010, you’re going to be -- you’ll see a similar or even an improved level. Not, again, a necessarily direct correlation but I mentioned in my remarks that we’ve improved our tax rate as we look forward and that’s because we are seeing growth in customers outside the U.S. doing business in our London-based clearing house, our London-based exchange. So that’s an indicator I look at anyway that says as our tax rate comes down, it’s coming down because we’re doing more business in a lower tax jurisdiction. So I think those are some of the indicators that I look at that demonstrate that it’s happening. And our ability to say that we think the tax rate will remain at that lower level is because we think the trend will continue.
Scott Hill: By the way, log-in is a point of connectivity that may have dozens and dozens or hundreds of people behind it. But those are -- we’re just seeing more and more connections coming in to us.
Scott Hill: We were in the stock buyback mode because the market over-penalized our stock and we saw an opportunity. That said all along, the way we think about the buybacks, we use 5.5 million shares give or take in the Creditex deal. When we see an opportunity to get those shares back out in the market we take it. We’ve gotten out now I think 4.2 million shares of the 5.5. We’ve taken them out at around $9 to $96 a share versus an issue of 113. So effectively we’ve reduced the economic cost of the Creditex deal by being opportunistic in our stock debts.
Scott Hill: What’s interesting is that we have almost every flavor of platform inside ICE and what we’ve been trying to do is standardize that code base, so that depending upon what user ID and password you log in with, you get a different user experience. We obviously have futures and then we have ICE’s energy, the swap execution platform which is many to many, highly regulated. We have a lot of physical type markets. We have the plus windows which are an auction methodology. And we have the inter-dealer platform at Creditex and we also have the dealer to client platform at Creditex that was called QX. And so we pretty much have all of those. We’ve been investing in all of those to streamline those, to put it on industrial grade hardware, the right connectivity, the right kind of compliance and oversight around those. And we announced today that we have an iPhone app. We moved trade capture OTC over the last four months or so into our data center. That is launching today. It is absolutely real-time. You can hold your iPhone next to your futures screen or the OTC screen and you see the identical bid offer stacks. So that is an industrial grade application that we think will further preference trading towards our footprint. So we don’t exactly know what a SEF definition is going to be and we certainly don’t know how Europe is going to deal with a similar kind of construct that they’re contemplating. But we have pretty much everything we need based on how it rolls out and the nice thing as you alluded to that Creditex gave us an opportunity to really understand the broker space, understand the work flow, understand how pays and collects work there, billing and what have you, what a broker needs on their screen and we have been investing in that this entire time, so that we could roll out platforms widely or we could keep them very narrow, depending upon what the law contemplates and where we may be able to maximize our revenue.
Scott Hill: I think one of the important points to make is, what we’ve done is we’ve cut the brokers who weren’t getting the job done. We worked well to lock down the others. We’ve restructured other parts of the business. So what you see in our ability in a very low revenue declining revenue environment is we’ve held on to the better brokers. We’ve gotten better contractual terms. We’ve restructured the non-broker part of the business and all of that has combined to help us position the company, I think Jeff said it well, so that when the market does recover you’ll see even greater margin expansion than you typically would in a broker business.Mark Lane – William Blair & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Hill: Sure. Just looking at the proposal as it was drafted, it doesn’t seem to have any impact on ICE Trusts or any of our clearing houses and at ICE Trust, specifically, the business is 100% owned by ICE. We have a royalty revenue share component that’s embedded in a security that these guys hold that give them -- that the original holders of the clearing corporation hold as part of that acquisition. And we have advisory committees, both the buy side and the risk management group, so two advisory committees that advise the Board and the Board has the ultimate say in those things. The board is constituted as a majority of independents as defined by the NYSE independence standards for public companies. There is some talk about maybe having different independent standards around SEFs and clearing houses and what have you. So we’re not exactly sure how that will play out, but our thinking is an NYSE independent director is a pretty high standard. So we don’t see really any potential changes needed to our footprint. If there were, I’m sure we would -- if things change, we’ve got very good relationship with our users and have been accomplishing the goals that users set out, particularly with respect to ICE trust, which was to get a footprint in place to start to get risk off the books and that’s been happening.
Scott Hill: The last year in the fourth quarter, we had a blow-out quarter and the paper performance nature of our bonus system had to be caught up in the quarter. So I think -- I hope we have, frankly, another blow-out fourth quarter and see the bonus go accordingly. But I think we’ve done a good job giving you guidance on the comp. We were at 62 to 63. We just took it down from those levels by $3 to $4 million. We talked about the efforts we made at Creditex to manage the broker expenses there. I told you that we started at 66 people at CLE. We’ll be down by two-thirds by the end of this year. So I think if you look, we’ve been very stable over the first three quarters. We’ve given guidance and improved guidance recently, so no surprises. I expect we will continue to manage it quite well in the fourth quarter of this year.
