Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. I want to close by thanking our extraordinary Micron team around the globe. These recent weeks have placed unforeseen challenges on businesses, but more importantly on people and families. Micron’s team has responded with professionalism and care during this period, and our team members are the reason we can execute our business plan and deliver the strong results we have reported today. To assist during this period, we are offering U.S. team members earning less than $100,000 per year a special onetime payment of $1,000. These figures are adjusted for market rates worldwide and 68% of our team is eligible. In addition, we are establishing an emergency relief fund for employees facing financial hardship. We are also focused on assisting the communities in which we operate through this difficult time. As part of that effort, we are contributing an additional $10 million through the Micron Foundation to address the impact of COVID-19, on top of what we have already donated in China, Italy and the U.S. We are also working with local officials to make space in our facilities available if needed for emergency services, as well as providing support through our supply chain operations to help source needed screening and protective equipment. Finally, we are accelerating our payment terms to our small business vendors to help with their liquidity. I’ve said many times that the new Micron is stronger than ever, and we are showing that strength today. Micron is leveraging our core expertise to drive leadership in technology, products and manufacturing, delivering differentiated solutions that enrich life for end-customers around the world. While the near-term environment creates uncertainty for all of us in our daily lives, the long-term fundamentals of our industry are strengthening and opportunities are expanding. With these opportunities in front of us, we will continue to execute with tenacity and resilience as we make demonstrable progress towards our vision. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I'm sorry. I was just going to say, let me address that first and then I will definitely have Dave expand on that. So, it is an environment where there can be supply shortages, and of course, underlying demand trends in the markets we are participating continue to be strong. There can be supply shortages given the fluid situation related to the spread of coronavirus in various countries, the rate and pace is different. And ultimately, it will depend upon the rules and regulations that different governments may impose, that can potentially impact supply in the industry. So, just like we are accumulating some inventory ourselves to make sure that we don't have supply disruptions, it is legitimate to think that our customers can also be building some inventory to make sure that their supply chain is under control. So, I think this is the part that we are just mindful of. Although, when you look at work-from-home economy and study-from-home economy for students, that is certainly driving greater demands in the enterprise PC side and certainly placing – addresses quite a bit of constraints and stress on the infrastructure. So, the cloud infrastructure, the enterprise infrastructure definitely is driving increased demand as well. So, in that backdrop, I think, we are just being mindful in terms of making those comments, but I will let Dave further elaborate on this. 
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, certainl,y as you know, Tim, we are not guiding to Q4 here. And of course, the environment is fluid. These are unprecedented times in terms of anybody dealing any business, any vertical, or any country dealing with the situation and the spread and containment of coronavirus. But what I would say here is that with respect to our own assessment of the demand trends, I think underlying demand trends definitely continue to be healthy. And when we look at what we supply to our customers, customers build it into the product if there has to be any macroeconomic weakness, and we know that in the environment of coronavirus pandemic, there will be some impact on some aspects of the consumer demand. The consumer demand, there's a lag between the consumer demand getting impacted to the demand from our customers who are building the product in their supply chain is getting impacted. So, that's what we mean that sometimes there can be a lag between what we are supplying to our customers versus the impact on the demand in the marketplace. So, we are not guiding to fourth quarter. I think what's important is that it will depend on the spread of the virus, the containment of virus. Different countries may have their containment at different rates. So, while we have seen, for example, last fiscal quarter, our FQ2, demand in China and the consumer demand and the smartphone demand declined, we have also seen that China has contained this; and in fact, production is coming back in China and the demand is being restored in China. Same thing will happen in other parts of the world as well, but while there may be some impact on smartphone demand in different countries, eventually as the containment happens, the consumer demand will be back. And the long-term trends, certainly for our business are strong. The trends of 5G driving greater content in smartphone. When we come back on the other side of this pandemic, there will be -- the demand drivers will reassert themselves. Similarly, cloud demand continues to do well. As I mentioned, the COVID-19 scenario may actually be accelerating some of that demand in cloud that is driving greater demand for memory and storage. So, point is, the situation is fluid and we are really not prepared to guide you to FQ4 at this point.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I think what we had said before the COVID-19 scenario that in calendar year '20, the DRAM demand growth would be in mid-teens around mid-teens and that supply would be somewhat less for the year -- supply growth would be somewhat less for the year than the demand growth. And, of course, as we look at the scenario of supply growth, technology transitions, the node transitions in the industry perhaps can be impacted by tool deliveries or the engineering or the service support in the industry. It’s too soon to tell this. But, the point is that there could be some impact to supply, and not just related to the wafer output, but there could be some impact to the supply, as I said before, depending upon the rules and regulations in the orders in various countries where the supply chain for memory and storage exists. If those orders impact any production, there could be some supply growth impact there as well. It's hard to tell at this point. And we certainly -- when we look at our current supply growth, our current supply growth at this point is intact, but we are mindful of the changes that could occur due to the COVID environment. And of course, we continue to watch the demand as well. And on the supply side, we will take action. Today, we have shortages in supply as we have mentioned for server, DRAM as well as for cloud. Overall, there are shortages for DRAM. And therefore, we are shifting some of the supply from mobile to the DRAM side. But of course, we continue to keep track of what the demand looks like. And as we said, we will evaluate, making reductions in our production utilization or in terms of any CapEx aspects to manage the supply growth during the calendar year '20. But, it's too soon to really give you any specific projections on that.
Sanjay Mehrotra: In terms of CapEx, we -- for our fiscal third quarter, these won’t be impacting the CapEx for fiscal third quarter. However, for the rest of the calendar year '20, we certainly will be, as I said before, evaluating our CapEx, as well as our production utilization to make sure that our supply stays in line with our demand expectations. Demand expectations, of course, we laid out, working closely with our customers. So, just like in 2019, we made changes to CapEx fairly rapidly and we reacted fast, as well as we managed our production. We will of course be doing the same thing here. Just keep in mind that the situation with respect to coronavirus escalation across the globe just has really evolved rapidly over the course of last couple of weeks. So, we will of course keep close tabs with our customers’ demand expectations, and we will make sure that we make any adjustments to our CapEx, if needed, accordingly. We are absolutely continuing to look at that. And in terms of cost reductions, of course, cost reductions are a function of technology transitions that are being made in the fabs. And so far, we are on plan with respect to the cost guidance that we have provided to you for our fiscal year '20.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And I would just add that due to COVID-19, as we said that we are enabling greater flexibility in our supply network, by adding captive capacity as well as adding capacity on part of our subcontractors to give us the opportunity and resiliency in the supply chain in case there are rules and regulations in various countries that impact our production. So, some of those aspects certainly do have headwinds on the cost side, but by and large, I think those are being managed well. And overall, our cost targets for fiscal year '20 at this point are on track.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I mean, we certainly work closely with those customers. Our relationships over time have only deepened with those customers. We have become more valuable partner to them, as well as we have expanded our product offering. For example, on the SSD side, we have brought out NVMe SSDs. Those are getting qualified in data center. On the DRAM side, we have been a strong partner with highest quality with those customers. And on the cloud side, still, in the very, very early innings of all the growth and for memory and storage and cloud. So, compared to the last cycle, our relationships with those customers have only expanded, have deepened. We continue to work closely with them in terms of understanding their demand requirements. And this is what the best that we can do in terms of working closely with those customers who understand the requirement. And I would like to once again point out that we are in an environment even before COVID-19 that CapEx investments in cloud were on a strong growth trajectory, a lot of that CapEx moving toward the infrastructure for memory and storage requirements. Of course, new CPU architectures with more cores in them, as well as more channels giving you greater attachment for memory and storage and of course, the workloads that are demanding more DRAM memory for memory intensive compute application, as well as for faster access, driving more SSDs. So, those demand trends pre-COVID were already strong. And with COVID if anything we have seen that work-from-home digital economy is driving greater demand on that structure and is accelerating some of that demand. So, we of course -- as we work through the memory shortages, we continue to work closely with our customers. And while the smartphone demand maybe somewhat down, for example, in China in FQ2, but that demand is coming back in China. And we will continue to monitor these trends in the other parts. And it just requires continuing to work closely with the customers, understanding the requirements, and are applying our own judgment and remaining mindful in terms of how we manage all our supply. So, it's really customer relationship in terms of managing our supply, growth and understanding the demand expectation.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Certainly as we expand our portfolio of SSDs, yes, we just maybe just had SATA. Now, we have NVMe SSDs as well and we're broadening our reach with those NVMe SSDs into the end market applications as well as the customers. Certainly, it is a growth market opportunity for us, not only in DRAM but also in SSDS. But as you know, these take product qualifications with the customers and then we are able to realize the benefit of sales and revenue growth in those areas. I want to highlight here that as we have expanded our product portfolio, both on the SSD side as well as in mobile on multichip packages, and bringing out discrete UFS products for mobile applications as well. That really has enabled, as I mentioned in the script, opportunity for us to gain share in the marketplace. We have gained share in NAND, managed NAND solutions in mobile, we have gained share in SSDs as well, that's enabling us to deliver healthy results in FQ2, and our gain in share and expanding product portfolio also positions us well to navigate through these choppy waters related to COVID-19. And we remain very-focused on continuing to expand the product portfolio and broaden our customer relationships in the kind of applications that you just talked about in gaming consoles, both for DRAM and NAND as we look forward to the future long-term secular demand trends and addressing those requirements by our customers.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, yes, that's correct. I think, there is a near-term surge in demand with respect to commercial PCs. I mean, if you look at just Micron itself, Micron itself bought something like 5,000 notebook computers to really provide it to our team members in terms of enabling them to work-from-home and we’ve implemented those really very, very fast. So yes, surge in demand related to enterprise PCs and that bodes well for both SSDs, as well as for DRAM. And as we noted also with respect to virtual learning and students learning from home that also drives demand in notebooks. How long this trend lasts, and of course, it is global in nature. But, how long does it last? We will have to see. But overall, yes, I mean, we do see that. While there may be some smartphone, the weakness outside of China, while China is recovering on the smartphone front. Certainly, as I said, enterprise PCs and other PCs for virtual learning along with data demand in the data center world is a tailwind for us.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, we don't break it down specifically in terms of percentage, but I think what's important is that we are a very well diversified supplier. And we have a broad portfolio and end market applications are well diversified as well all the way from data center to PC to smartphone, networking for DRAM. And Micron is well-positioned in these markets. And certainly some of these markets are seeing some shortages today, such as on the side of data center, DRAM requirements. And while others, we are continuing to monitor overall demand spend. But we don't break it out. But, important thing is that the underlying vectors for demand are good. And as we goes through the uncertainties related to COVID-19, when he come out on the other side, I'm very confident that our broad portfolio and deep customer engagement and the technology and product capabilities, I think we will overall do just fine. By and large, our mix is fairly similar to the industry in terms of overall mix. If you look at the industry, I think you'll see that server is in the 25% to 30% range, the mobile tends to be around 25%, PC is 20% give or take some, and of course then is all the others, which we can call like specialty, which includes automotive, includes industrials and other applications. And in that you can I think put down around 20%. So, I think, roughly speaking, I think that’s the kind of mix. And as you can see, it’s well diversified across these various end market segments.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I think, as Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks that we see strong demand and favorable price trends, but we are also seeing that in China, as is well known that during the timeframe of our fiscal second quarter, aligned with the COVID-19 spread in China, starting from around mid-January kind of timeframe, it had impacted smartphone demand in China, while it grew the demand in the could infrastructure structure in China. So, as now over last couple of weeks, you see the spread of coronavirus across the globe and various actions being taken in various countries to contain the spread of coronavirus, we do expect that there will be some impact on the consumer demand, but it is really too soon to quantify that. And, again, having said that, we also see increasing demand coming from the cloud side, as well as from enterprise PC applications. So we are seeing acceleration of demand on that front. So, we are continuing to really manage that. And this is all escalating over the last couple of weeks. And we will, of course, continue to work closely with our customers to understand their increases in demand, as well as their demand outlook, for example, in the consumer devices and then manage our business accordingly.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. I think what you covered, Sanjay, is good. The only thing I'd add is, I think, we believe the strength in the data center market is real, and the inventory levels are normal in that market.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. Yes, sure. So, maybe without throwing out a number, because it's difficult to estimate, clearly we would have been above the high-end of the range on revenue if not for COVID-19, and there were some mitigation expenses already in both cost of sales and operating expenses that impacted us a bit in fiscal second quarter as well. We would have likely been more skewed to a higher growth number for fiscal third quarter, if not for COVID-19. And of course, it’s somewhat unusual for us we widened the range by a couple of hundred million dollars also to account for the uncertainty, as it relates to what might happen not only from a demand perspective but from a supply perspective, either one has some risk to it. Additionally, we have built in more costs associated with COVID mitigations for us. Sanjay and I already talked about the fact that we're carrying higher levels of inventory of raw materials. But, we're also having to flex our supply chain back -- and have some redundancy that can drive up some expenses on the cost of sale side. In addition, we may see an increased level of tariff expense in an effort to mitigate some supply disruptions that might occur. And also, there's a fair amount of expense associated with just the work-from-home model and allow -- enabling our employees to be able to do all the work they do in the offices, now in their homes. And so, there's some expense associated with that. So, our expense might -- likely would have been  likely would have been down even more, particularly with all the actions we've taken to reduce expenses, if not for the fact that we have a bit of this offset or headwind associated with the mitigation expenses in the third quarter.
Dave Zinsner: So, I think, cumulative revenues, I’ll have to go back and look at the exact statistics, but it was somewhere in the kind of 30%, I think it was China revenue in aggregate. Clearly, as you said, there's a comeback to work kind of phenomenon going on in China and there is economic stimulus. So that certainly will benefit. But, we're -- also the customers in the U.S. are -- a lot of them are in the cloud space. And of course, that's a big driver of our business today, given as Sanjay mentioned, the move to work-from-home and e-commerce and so forth. So, I'm not sure that the mix, as we project it is likely to shift around significant, geographically.
Dave Zinsner: I would add that on the NAND front, as you seen, we've gotten a fair amount of benefit from the change in depreciation in the first half of fiscal '20. So that, in essence, kind of pulled ahead. As you remember, probably, we mentioned that as we transition the replacement gate, FY20 would show minimal cost decline and really FY21 was where we would see it. But with the depreciation change, the reality of what's happening is we're kind of pulling ahead some of that improvement into fiscal '20. So, when you look at the percentages, it's better in FY20, and maybe not as good as we originally kind of telegraphed, in FY21. And in addition, what we continue to drive is mix to the high value solutions. They generally carry higher costs. And we hope to continue that. Our goal is to get to 80%. So, that certainly will also be an impact on the cost side as well. But, if you step back and then look at how we do over a multiyear period in terms of NAND improvement, once we're really running on the second generation replacement gate and good momentum, we're up to the right yield, it’s running through the inventory and showing up in cost of sales. And you see that over a multiyear period, you'll see that arc declining costs over a multiyear period is actually very good, very healthy, very competitive.
Dave Zinsner: The only thing I'd add is, in the prepared remarks, leading up to it, I did say that pricing and demand trends were favorable. And that included all the way up until today, but of course, there is a higher degree of uncertainty and that's kind of why we got to the range we did.
