Kipp A. Bedard: Great. Thanks, Mark. We will now take questions from callers. [Operator Instructions] Please open up the phone lines.
Kipp A. Bedard: I would like to apologize ahead of time for not being able to get to everybody in the queue. We do have time for one more question, but I would like to remind everyone we're hosting an Analyst Day in the fall here at the corporate headquarters in Boise on October 12. You can get more details on the website. And with that, we'd like to take one more call.
Kipp A. Bedard: Okay and with that, we'd like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you will please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language. During the course of this call, we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on this call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Thank you.
Mark W. Adams: Well, I think that the -- the first part of your question is that some of the application markets that we're building products for are able to adopt the MLC and lower-end products to TLC shipments. We have said all along that our technology lead in NAND has allowed us to ship MLC competitively in the marketplace, even competing with some of our competitors over technology TLC platforms. As we said, going forward, we've enabled both MLC and TLC in these products, and you can see that the -- there's an increase in our shipments in the past quarter, that being that we've been able to enable some of this technology in some of the broader product portfolios.
Mark W. Adams: Yes. We actually commented on the last 2 calls that we saw that pretty earlier in the cycle driven primarily that if some of the OEM and channels took in a lot of inventory pre-Christmas, and they were sitting on a bunch of inventory. We think it's actually working its way out fairly well and we've seen pretty strong demand over the last month in the channel and especially on the client SSD side. So we agree that that's been a trend. We think it's working itself out in our -- at the end of Q3 and certainly during Q4.
Mark W. Adams: So let me break that up to you. You asked about notebooks, you asked about wireless and the server business. I'll tackle the notebook market, the desktop, notebook market. In general, we do think there has been some support for hard drives, that, that inventory situation's improving, and I think there's a little bit of a catch-up as mostly Corporate PC buying picked up after being away for about 6 months. I don't think they adopted the SSD platform as aggressive as everyone might like, which contributed to the inventory discussion I just had. So I think the notebook market did get some support from an improving hard drive environment. But I also think as we talked about the ultrathin product launches as well as Windows 8, will provide for some support beyond just the hard drive availability, and we think it'll be a better back half of the year. In the server environment, we continue to see a lot of new opportunities, not just the traditional data center main applications. But when you think about some of the new customers, the Facebooks and Googles of the world, we're dropping in data centers more in a shrink-wrapped environment with large server content. We're seeing large volume orders for servers. And on top of that, as I mentioned in my comments, the density per server continues to increase for performance reason. So we're pretty bullish on servers, and we've had 3 consecutive quarters of record bit shipments in the server segment. On the wireless market, as I mentioned earlier, we see growth there as well, especially for us to recapture some share with our low-power DRAM 30-nanometer product as we get into increased ramp for that product in Q4 and beyond, so we have good customer access and the quals are in place to drive some additional volume there.
Mark W. Adams: Well, I think that we're seeing about a 50/50 split in terms of a hybrid configuration with a pure SSD play configuration. I would say that -- one of the comments I made upfront was that given some of the pricing we're seeing, as well as the improvement technology from a technology node perspective and lower costs in the market today, the economics are getting there. We've been asking the question what will it take to accelerate SSDs, and we think we're pretty close to a fast acceleration of SSDs in the notebook, given the gigabyte -- cost per gigabyte equation. So while -- I think it continues to be fair, but we see about 50%-50% ratio on hybrid versus pure SSD.
Mark W. Adams: That's pretty normal. Yes, we think it's about right. We've seen, as I said, pretty good activity around our DRAM and with improving price and I won't say favorable, improving price in the market.
Mark W. Adams: I think for us, on the DRAM side, the segments that I highlighted in my comments around server density growth as well as unit growth, we see a bit of an improvement in the PC, desktop, notebook climate, as well as the networking and storage, we think they're all very favorable for DRAM. Hard for me to call DRAM versus NAND, I think there's -- obviously NAND has gotten negatively impacted on the pricing side over the last quarter to 1.5 quarter. And while we've been cautious in our remarks about NAND, even quarter-to-date, we still -- we've seen a recent drop based around improving demand, picture around client SSDs and we think improved densities on the tablets and smartphones. So we do think that the NAND was a mild supply, oversupply condition. We don't think it's structurally that far out of balance, and we think that the back half demand profile will help that be in a better place.
Mark W. Adams: I think actually, you got a good take on it. I think we've seen, believe it or not, retail has kind of helped, relatively stable for us in the NAND business and we've also seen what -- we think as an explainable rebound, at some level, on the client SSD segment as well. As we look at it, there was a -- there's a fairly heavy inventory build coming out of the holidays, and we talked about that in the last couple of calls. And we've started to see some increased channel shipment of SSDs over the last few weeks, and we're pretty optimistic that that's a good signal going forward.
Mark W. Adams: Yes. Maybe I could reinforce, we're seeing that effect as we speak. As I mentioned, our server bit growth over the last 3 quarters has continued to grow, and that we've set records over the last 3 quarters. In the networking segment, the same; we have some great performance in terms of bit shipments. So we're pretty bullish about those 2 segments, and we think we're seeing the effects of that plus continued application growth around expanding data center application, as well as cloud architecture.
Mark W. Adams: Well, I think as Ron stated in his comments, just there historically has been a lag effect that indexes up, the PC, desktop, notebook market, the commodity market. And as you see improvement in the desktop, notebook DRAM environment, there's normally a solid transition. We anticipate that there should be improvement in our business going forward.
Mark W. Adams: I think we've commented in the past that the wireless NOR has been declining and maybe even a little bit faster than we had thought. Having said that, as I mentioned, our Embedded Solutions Group has done a pretty good job in growing the business and growing our units there. And certainly, NOR is the core foundation in addition to adjacencies around DRAM and NAND in that business. But the NOR business in embedded remains pretty solid with a good pricing environment, and really long-term design-in benefits there. So we think NOR will continue to be very stable around the embedded business going forward.
D. Mark Durcan: This is Mark. Absolutely not. We -- first of all, we don't have an agreement with them at all yet, and yet to be seen whether we do. Secondly, were we to reach that point, there's also deregulatory approval still required, so we're a long way out before we would have any impact on the Elpida operation.
D. Mark Durcan: Yes. We quit giving away the production bit numbers because we just didn't find them very helpful for you. But I will say we're pretty close to guidance for DRAM and actually NAND was up pretty nicely, as we had some pretty good execution through the quarter.
D. Mark Durcan: Hard to give out a year-over-year number, which is why a few quarters ago we switched to giving you quarters, maybe 1 to 2 quarters out, because we can make such a pretty dramatic change in bits when we look at the mix effects, so we're just not going to go on a year-over-year basis.
D. Mark Durcan: Well, Shawn, obviously the benefits of the deal will depend on the details of the deal. And I think sort of the framework I laid out was if we can acquire assets under terms and conditions that don't result in dilution or significant acquisition of interest-bearing debt that would limit our flexibility, then that can be beneficial to Micron shareholders and I think that's probably all I want to say on that topic.
D. Mark Durcan: So let me cover both those pieces. On the first piece, we're not going to speculate at all on what the time line might look like relative to activity in the Elpida case. It's -- these things are obviously very changeable and a lot of different inputs can move dates around and -- as well as -- also some other things. So what I can tell you is that were we to reach any sort of agreement, we'll obviously be letting you guys know. Having said that, the second part of the question was relative to CapEx and how we might modulate that. I think the $1.6 billion to $1.9 billion number that Ron gave you is obviously for Micron as it exists today. Depending on anything else we might do relative to Elpida, we'll obviously take a look at what most cost-effective place to spend our capital is and that would move our numbers around.
D. Mark Durcan: In fact, that reference to mid to high 50s is a supply prediction, and I think Mark also had in his comments that we look to the long-term average demand increase to be well over 60%.
D. Mark Durcan: Well, there's some pretty good third-party data, if you'd like to reference that. But ultras do take up a pretty good content leap in terms of consumption of the overall bits and the wide -- the range is pretty wide, so I might let you just go research that third-party stuff yourself.
D. Mark Durcan: Sure. The Elpida business includes a significant amount of the worldwide capacity, and scale is always an important metric in our business relative to OpEx. It comes with talented employees, as well as a portfolio that while it overlaps with ours in many places, it also has some significant value-added products and technology that is, in some ways, different than ours and supports some segments that are attractive to us. Their customers, while they overlap in some cases, also -- or in other cases different than ours and the acquisition gives us access to an increased attempt. There is a significantly intellectual property available at Elpida as a support to the ongoing business. And finally, I think I would just highlight the wireless segment where they have clearly a strong product portfolio, but without all the various pieces to put together with it. We think that the combination of their portfolio with our portfolio in that area in particular will provide a compelling offering to customers worldwide.
D. Mark Durcan: Well we don't have a deal, so I can't calculate any of those numbers. However, I will tell you that yes, certainly over the long haul we would anticipate a stronger Micron were we to consummate the deal. If that's not the case, we're not going to do a deal.
