D Mark Durcan: Thanks, Kipp. For our fiscal Q3 2015 Micron posted total revenue of $3.9 billion, within our revenue guidance of $3.8 billion to $4.05 billion. Revenue was sequentially lower as expected in fiscal Q3 due to near-term market headwinds, driven primarily by weakness in the PC sector. Net income was $491 million and earnings per share were $0.42. Non-GAAP net income was $620 million and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.54. Free cash flow was approximately $600 million, based upon operating cash flow and capital expenditures of approximately $1.3 billion and $730 million respectively. The team executed well in the challenging market conditions during Q3 as we supported our customers across a broad range of market segments. Micron is a memory company that produces technologically advanced components, systems and subsystems for the global marketplace. As such it’s important that regardless of near-term market conditions we remain focused on the long-term. We are continuing to deploy advanced process technology to enable leading edge products for our customers and to drive ongoing manufacturing efficiency for Micron.  Our customers are looking for a partner in memory system development who is capable of delivering advanced technology systems and solutions that are tuned to their product requirements and who will provide their products and their companies with a leading edge position in the marketplace. Today’s customers are also looking for ways to gain more innovation and efficiency in their own system design as memory has been deployed in more ways than ever previously imagined. From cloud servers to mobile infrastructure and automotive design to industrial and medical devices Micron memory is a preferred memory partner and is at the heart of technology product innovation. Turning to overall market conditions, we expect stabilizing DRAM ASPs across the broader market overtime, as we manage our product mix and distribute our capacity to a broad set of value added market segments. Consistent with prior expectations we are forecasting DRAM industry supply bit growth in the mid-20s in calendar 2015 and in the low to mid 20% in calendar 2016. We currently believe that DRAM demand in calendar 2015 in aggregate will be at or exceed supply. For NAND the market continues to consume planer NAND at increasing rates and we look forward to volume production of Micron’s differentiated high performance 3D NAND later this year. We expect NAND industry supply bit growth in the high 30% range this year and in the mid 30% range next year. We believe supply and demand are in balance this year and unconstrained demand is above supply in future periods based on currently known capacity plans. We are making good progress with fab expansion in Singapore. We expect the market will demand all of the 3D NAND output we can produce given the attractive cost and performance of our technology and the elastic storage market we will sell into. Advanced technology deployment requires focused investment and carefully managed transitions. To effectively execute next generation technology production at scale we are converting tools and systems today to allow for testing, samples and product qualification in the future. These activities drive future growth and margin expansion opportunities in our business, although they often limit short-term bit growth and cost reductions. We are continuing to make capital investments today to position ourselves for next generation production capabilities and for technology leadership. As always we will manage our capital to deliver long-term returns and shareholder value.  For today’s call I have asked Mark Adams to summarize our operational and BU results. I would also like to welcome Ernie Maddock, our recently appointed CFO. Ernie possesses outstanding industry experience, has hit the ground running and we are exciting to have him on the team. He will cover Q3 financials and Q4 guidance. I will return at the end of the prepared remarks with a quick summary and lead in the Q&A.
D Mark Durcan: Thanks Ernie. In summary I believe Micron executed well in fiscal Q3 as we supported our customers across a broad range of market segments. We expect to continue to similarly navigate changing market conditions in fiscal Q4. Micron is executing on key milestones in technology deployment and product introductions we believe strongly in the future of the industry and our company.  Operator I think we're ready to begin Q&A. 
D Mark Durcan: This is Mark Durcan. Maybe I'll start with the last part of that question and then Mark Adams can comment a little bit on the mix effects and what happened with DRAM sales bit. So for 2015 I think it's still fair to say that had we not had mix adjustments as we move through the year we would still be driving to a high teens number for DRAM bit growth. But obviously the number for the year is now going to be less than that given the changes we made as we moved through the year. As we think forward over the longer term and clearly we said in the past and we continue to reiterate that we will be higher than market as we move through calendar 2016.  On the NAND front, we've been less than market in 2015 and we're still evaluating exactly what our capital plans look like for 2016 and we'll dial those based on market conditions as well as ongoing evaluation of the technology introductions in Singapore relative to the 3D NAND and deployment of other advanced technologies there.  Mark if you want to take the DRAM sales bit and the mix effect that drove that, maybe that's the best approach. 
D Mark Durcan: Well, again that's going to depend on the details of the mix decisions we make. What's been going on here over the last quarter or two is that as we transition to higher percent of SSD sales we build width. And so the time the product takes through the line increases and that creates a dip over a confined period of time as we build out width. Mobile is a similar type of effect as some of that output goes out in MCPs as well. So I think that the larger question is exactly when will we see NAND bit growth? I think you will see that emerge as we move through the next number of quarters. 
D Mark Durcan: Yeah, what I tried to indicate is that I think in aggregate for the year the demand is going to exceed the supply, which I think your takeaway from that would be that we believe that demand is going to be higher in the back half of the year as we said on the last call, and as we continue to believe. And so that as we cume that up over the entire year you will come to the conclusion that the growth that we continue to see in some of the other markets, mobile, datacenter, enterprise server et cetera, and networking will offset what's been a slow PC period.  Even PCs I think, our view is that by the time we get to the end of the year notwithstanding the decrease in unit sales, there will be a small net growth in bits into the PC segment. 
D Mark Durcan: Well, I think it's fair to say that probably nobody expected the PC segment to be as slow as it’s been. And I think it’s also reasonable to expect that in an industry with a number of high growth segments balancing supply and demand is never going to be precise. And so ripples in the relative balance of supply and demand I believe are inevitable in a market like this and what I would say is that probably supply got a little bit further ahead of demand than many of us anticipated but that it’s not necessarily an indicator of a deliberate strategy by any particular player in the marketplace.
D Mark Durcan: I think the answer to that question is that in an undersupplied market, as we had a number of quarters ago, you tend to get margins that are higher in maybe the least attractive long-term part of the market. And so if you think about where PC margins were, they were higher than we were experiencing in both mobile and in server, primarily because suppliers view those as long-term least attractive and a market that was maybe less sustainable. And therefore you see larger price swings as the relative supply and demand balance moves over time. Now as you think about what does that imply, that implies that as companies like Micron and presumably our competitors over time readjust their supply to rebalance demand in different segments and pull supply out of that sector it creates an ASP headwind for us because we are moving to products that already have lower margin and it creates over the short-term more intense competition for those sockets in the high growth sectors. That doesn’t say anything really about what will happen over the longer time horizon.
D Mark Durcan: Well, I think I believe overtime that there is -- in some of these other market segments there is opportunity to differentiate and to innovate and to provide stickier solutions. There is also a higher growth and longer qualification cycle. So what a company like Micron does is they look at -- and I think Mark kind of already alluded to this but I will restate it anyway, we’re looking to place our product, not necessarily in the short-term to pick up the highest margin point but to make sure we are placing our product where we're going to have growth and stability and where overtime we can drive higher margins. And so sometimes you want to be a little bit proactive and out front of that. 
D Mark Durcan: So let me correct a couple of things you said, just to make sure we are clear on what we're doing and then I'll -- maybe have a couple of comments on the Intel relationship. But I think that’s something that's better done by two of us as opposed to just Micron.  So first of all, relative to what we are doing today, we have as you know a significant installed planar base in Singapore. We have available clean room space there to begin the process of converting some of that planar capacity to 3D NAND, and we're under construction of an expansion in that facility so that we can continue that transition of planar NAND to 3D NAND into the back half of 2016 and on beyond that.  There is also capacity that Micron and Intel own jointly in Lehi, Utah and today you're correct that is all planar NAND capacity. So one other thing, I think you said 48 layers. We are currently sampling a 32 layer 3D NAND device and that is the device that we will initially ramp before moving to a second generation of 3D device starting in the back half of 2016.  Now relative to Micron's and Intel's plans for production, there is not a whole lot I can say about that today, other than to say it continues to be a very close partnership. We continue to develop the 3D NAND technology together and we have existing long-term supply agreements with Intel to support planar NAND and we anticipate that we will build 3D NAND for them as well through an agreement out of Singapore. And that's probably all I can say, absent an agreement with Intel to share more information with you. 
D Mark Durcan: Well I’m going to stop short of giving you accurate actual numbers on allocation of our capacity for variety of reasons. But I will tell you that the process is in place. You can see some of the growth we've had in certain sectors as we reported that. And so it's in process. Mobile, overall growth rate from a segment demand standpoint is up 50% and PC bits are low-single digits, 5% range. So as we think about that shift we are making it has to respond to that. And we're on that path. As we said we started in Q3 and we'll continue to balance that out as the market warrant. 
D Mark Durcan: So I think we talked a few things. As I mentioned in my script we've actually seen continued growth in content per device. We see that while some people have noticed that the China market starting to mature somewhat, we are starting to see more growth out of India and emerging markets. So in general our visibility is pretty good with the level of configurations, both in the mid-range smartphone market. I think those unit growth -- there is something around 90% unit growth for the year and the bit growth rate. So our visibility supports the moving -- as our capacity covers that and I think the results of our MBU further reinforces that.
D Mark Durcan: Obviously at lower pricing the accretion from the new deal, which will begin in the beginning of calendar 2016 will be less than it would have been had pricing been flat. We never assumed pricing would be flat throughout 2016. So I think the net takeaway is that there is less accretion from the new deal than there was on the day we signed it. It’s still reasonable to talk in terms of the types of numbers that we talked about when we first introduced the new agreement to you.
D Mark Durcan: Well I think you will see that overtime, Monika but don’t forget our NAND business is actually segregated across the Bus. So we sell NAND not only through the SBU but there is a significant piece as Mark Adams just mentioned going out of mobile space. We also said there is significant growth in the embedded space for NAND, and then there is a sort of a counter factor, I guess that you should always be cognizant of, that we sell to Intel through the NAND BU and sometimes that’s -- there are lots of facets to our relationship with Intel that have benefits to us, that aren’t always about selling to them at the highest ASP.
D Mark Durcan: Yeah, so first of all, I think the best way to characterize the state of our 20 nanometer deployment today is we're running at relatively low volumes, but it's going really very, very well. We're -- we've got low volume but we're driving fast cycle time through the fab. The run head [ph] lots and the yields are progressing fabulously. And we feel pretty good about the way that ramp’s going both at Inotera and in Hiroshima. So of course as we just said the costs are higher. It takes a while to work through that now because you're driving [indiscernible] up but also because at low volume you don't have fully loaded tools and you have a lot of tools that you're installing and you haven’t managed the load yet. And that process is going to take a while, until we are really driving through significant volume.  Now the way to think about that is in terms of bit crossover. And we think that we'll have bit crossover, 20 nanometer versus the other nodes in the first half of calendar 2016 and that's probably about as precise as I would want to be about that.  Now for 1X, we think that as we closed the Elpida transaction we added significant technology development resources to our team. We've been running at a higher R&D spend as we ran more resources deployed on multiple technology nodes and the 1X node will be the first one that comes out as a result of both those teams working together. So yes, we expect to close that gap relative to Samsung. It's not going to necessarily be directly on top of it.  But remember what Micron’s doing right now is that we're converting a lot of capacity from 30 nanometer to 20 nanometer, which is a double step. And so we're going to get a big bang for that as we move throughout 2016. Step two, to 60 nanometer, smaller to begin with, in particular if you’ve looked at some of the early Samsung samples that are floating around. You will notice that the architecture changes that they've incorporated don't drive nearly the size of die reduction or the bit density increase that you would see going from even 25 nanometer to 30.  So we absolutely expect to close the gap with Samsung as we move to 16 nanometer, both in timing and in terms of overall deployed bit density in the market.
D Mark Durcan: Again we don’t want to -- we don’t get into business of forecasting pricing too much. Generally what I would say characteristic of the mobile business is that it doesn’t exactly behave like PC business. That tends to be more of a design win type business, you design into a device or platform that has long lasting life cycles relative to interchangeability of PC modules. And in light of that it behaves a little bit more like a predictable pricing model where there is a sale price and a cost reduction target over through a longer period, maybe six months, maybe 12 months. And so the pricing behavior in mobile is somewhat different and we anticipate that to be similar going forward and it’s reflective of our current mobile performance.
D Mark Durcan: Let me take the first part and then we will have you restate the second part. Relative to IMI bits we are early in the ramp. So there is not a lot of upsurge in IMI bits yet. But it is coming. And I think the effect will be, as you say with more volume at any given price we are going to get a larger dollar discount, not necessarily a larger percentage discount. So as we move through the rest of 2015 you do have to contemplate that the discount at IMI is also a function of their cash flow and that stands apart and aside from the effect of market pricing. You also have to contemplate that at lower market pricing, a given fixed percent discount is a smaller dollar discount. So all those things kind of go in the hopper, John. I’m not sure exactly how you are doing your calculus but those are all effects.  We will, obviously as the 20 nanometer becomes a more significant piece of their output, hopefully see an increase in revenue and an increase in total dollar discount as that happens.
D Mark Durcan: I think it’s going to depend a lot on mix. Unfortunately I hate to say that but we still got -- we’ve got ongoing DDR4 which drives costs up given the bit density per square centimeter. So we’ve got LPDDR4, we’ve got mobile DRAM and server DRAM, all of which can drive higher costs, but like-for-like, fair to say yeah cost are going to be coming down, as we get a little bit further in those 20 nanometer transition.
D Mark Durcan: So we really want to stay away again from predicting margins for you. But I think it's fair to say that assuming market dynamics improve we've got -- we've got, all else equal we've got cost leverage. 
D Mark Durcan: I think LPDDR4 -- I think as I said in my script it's currently a relatively a small percentage of overall bits into the mobile sector. We do see that changing out towards the end of calendar year '15 and into '16, today low power fours [ph] in the ultra-high end. At least what we -- obviously we're very well positioned in those relationships. It’s just a small piece of the overall next today and we think that will grow and we got a technology and our in design qualifications at these OEMs for that type of success in that product category. 
D Mark Durcan: You bet and with that we would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you will please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language.  During the course of this call we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on the call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially please refer to our filings with SEC including the company's most recent 10-Q and 10-K thank you. 
Mark Adams: Sure, we’ve said all along that we will obviously take in the market dynamics into play as we think about how we allocate our capacity, and given some of the headwinds in the PC market we re-directed some of that capacity to either more strategic long-term markets such as the DDR4, and then some of the PC new bits just to more attractive long-term stable markets. A good example of that would be cloud servers, another example would be our mobile business. And we think that was the right thing to do but they do have a lowering effect on the bit growth. 
Mark Adams: I think at the risk of repeating our story on NAND, I think that we’ve already demonstrated substantial growth in the mobile NAND segment and our TLC component shipping in Q3 will be the catalyst for our future growth there. As a follow on we have a consumer TLC drive coming out in the Q1 of our fiscal year. And so when you look at those dynamics coupled with the vertical NAND enterprise progress we are making, we feel that those are still the pillars to our success in improving our operating performance in the overall NAND business.
Mark Adams: Sure. Hey Monika, this is Mark Adams. The margins are getting closer and we always run the risk of trying to explain that through the past 90 days and what’s happened [ph]. At the beginning of the quarter they were certainly further away from each other and today they are approaching each other.
Mark Adams: The real answer to that is there’s nothing behind the scenes other than what normally happens in our industry on startup. And you've got some parallel startup tasks that are influencing cost along with the mix effect that you mentioned in mobile. But you've got DDR4 ramp cost and in parallel you got 20 nanometer startup cost that when blended are providing a little bit of a cost headwind in the short term. 
Mark Adams: Sure, let me -- the comments on the PC business were kind through our Q3 relative to the performance. We do feel that whether it be Microsoft Windows 10 or Skylight or other Intel roadmap benefits from PC and pent-up demand. We just think it should be moderately better than in the first half and that's had the better effect on the overall market than in the first half of the year. So we think PC should perform better in the second half.  Relative to the DRAM side and the mix shifting away from PCs we think that combination leads to more stability in the pricing in the back half of the year. Now you asked about the channel, it's kind of initial dynamic [ph]. By and large the OEMs and major suppliers to OEM, there is one channel partner is heavily investing a lot of inventory. Having said that a number of [indiscernible] suppliers are pretty little -- actually seasonably lower than what we say the three to four week normal inventory levels. And so as these things improve and there is balance we don’t think it takes a lot to get more bounce back into the compute segment and which should have a very positive effect in the overall business. 
