Mark Durcan: Thank you, Ernie. To summarize, we continue to navigate challenging market conditions, but remain confident in the long-term health of the industry and the company’s strategy to improve our relative competitive position. The decision to implement cost reduction initiatives is always difficult and is never made without thoughtful consideration about the short-term and the long-term impacts. However, to ensure that we can continue to place emphasis on our most important company priorities, we believe the steps Ernie outlined are prudent and will help deliver the best long-term results for the company. I would like to take a moment to thank our customers, partners, shareholders and team members for their continued support. Operator, we are now ready for Q&A.
Mark Durcan: Yes. 20-nanometer is the majority of the bits that we are shipping now. And when we talked in our prepared remarks about the strong bit growth above Q3 levels, you saw what the relative growth was in Q3 and you can assume it will be a little bit north of that as we look at fiscal Q4.
Mark Durcan: Yes. I would say low double-digits today. As we commented – as we get into the back half of the calendar year, we expect a crossover. So, that’s coming pretty soon. So, it’s a pretty significant ramp from here over the next couple of quarters.
Mark Durcan: We typically don’t comment on margins, because it’s a function of our pricing environment just moving around on us everyday. And so really what we have said is that the cost curves that we articulated in our Analyst Day are still legitimate. As you can imagine, when we do 3D crossover and NAND in the fall, that’s when you expect to see the accelerated cost reductions begin to occur there. And on the DRAM side, with the kind of bit growth that we delivered in fiscal Q3 as well as what we are forecasting for fiscal Q4, you can get some idea of what the cost reductions would be there.
Mark Durcan: Maybe, John, maybe I can take that one instead of Ernie. Again, on the pricing environment as you noted, we are seeing there is obviously encouraging things going on in the channel. Before we start making that into any sort of guidance we would give, we want to actually see that as it moves through other end market segments and out in the contract pricing etcetera, etcetera. So, really this was a question about the tailwinds we have and I think you did a nice job articulating for us. We have got – I think we have done a good job on the 20-nanometer ramp and we will continue to see some improvement for that as we move through the next quarter. We articulated pretty strong bit growth moving forward in both DRAM and in particular maybe a couple of quarters out in NAND as we really see that transition kick in and the 3D TLC part of that transition kick in. So, we have got a lot of good tailwinds. We also articulated we are making lot of good progress on qualifying and re-segmenting those more advanced technology nodes in the right market segments. And we do believe that you will see progress relative to our competition in terms of how our margins move. We never know exactly what they are going to do and it’s tough for us to predict what their results are going to look like given the pricing environment.
Mark Durcan: John, maybe I can add one point there, just so everyone on the call is clear, I know you are. The preproduction R&D class Ernie is referencing are really associated with a lot of new products in qual with these technology nodes that are now ramped. And some of those are sort of costs that flow through the R&D now as opposed to directly on the cost flow and inventory.
Mark Durcan: Well, it’s a very dynamic environment. So, again, we want to make sure we are giving you what we believe is realistic guidance and guidance that is achievable. And we are going to have to see what plays out in the markets over time. When contract – when spot pricing starts moving, that’s a great indicator of where the markets might go, but what has to happen obviously is there has to be enough liquidity in the market that can carry through into larger volume quarters associated with contract market. And inventory has to burn off. And we are seeing good indications of those types of things, but we need to make sure the pudding is fully baked before we serve it.
Mark Durcan: The thing I would add to that Tim, is keep in mind we have also talked about the fact that we want to deliver more of our NAND bits in actual solutions to the customer. And as we do that, there is a natural tendency to stretch out the supply chain in aggregate and some lengthening of the total manufacturing cycle time as we move through that transition. So part of this I think is also reflective of the fact that we are making some fairly significant progress relative to like getting these bits into the types of end products that we want to deliver to the customer.
Mark Durcan: Well, you really asked kind of two different questions, right, how do we balance and obviously, the balance has come in as we think about the aggregate business for the company and the cash flow that we are planning to generate and a number of other factors. As we look at maintenance CapEx, we sort of said that we were normalized in that low $4 billion range ex-Inotera and we wouldn’t move away from that in a very substantial way as we are thinking about things today, bearing in mind that we are still in the midst of a ramp of 3D in the Singapore fab. So it isn’t exactly a normalized environment for us. Even taking out the shell, we are still outfitting that shell with productive capacity.
Mark Durcan: So David, it will be primarily significant majority of that. In fact, almost all of it will still be Gen 1. Gen 2 we start to see significant output in the second calendar quarter into the summer of 2017. And we haven’t said what the layer count does, but we have indicated that it’s roughly a 30% cost reduction moving from Gen 1 to Gen 2 and it is roughly double the bit.
Mark Durcan: This is Mark. Yes, absolutely. We are very happy with the way the ramp is going. We are very happy with the technology we are delivering and its ability to scale going forward. We think it’s the best solution in the industry for almost every end market application.
Mark Durcan: Well, we think we are doing all the right things. And we think we were making a lot of good progress on a relative competitive position on technology. But the products are all coming along nicely now and the qualifications are progressing well. So there is always the wildcard around ASPs, but we think we are making very significant progress and we think we will see that every quarter as we move forward, you will be able measure us versus our competition. And hopefully confirm that we are doing all the right things and exactly when that results in profitability, we can’t tell you, but we think its coming.
Mark Durcan: Let me see it if I can find those numbers. I don’t have them right in front of me. For the mobile DRAM portfolio generally, eMCP probably represents...
Mark Durcan: Yes, I think it’s probably most closely timed to an increase in our TLC mix, which is probably a couple of quarters out and then we will get a second surge sort of in calendar Q2 and Q3 of next year as the Gen 2 kicks in, in a significant way. But again, we think we will be the leader as we fully implement Gen 2 and TLC.
Mark Durcan: So, the first part of your assumption process, Joe, is correct. And again, we are not going to comment on ASPs.
Mark Durcan: Yes. So, let me try to characterize that a little bit for you. So, it is important to recognize that these data points are really happening in real time. And as we look at how we actually entered this quarter, we were actually starting the quarter below the average of the prior quarter and we are now seeing some upward trends that are causing everyone to have the enthusiasm that we are talking about, but it is important to understand that what we have been reading about in the last two weeks has a) not impacted the entirety of the quarter and b) hasn’t reflected itself yet as we look at forward pricing. And as Mark mentioned a couple of times, we really are wanting to provide prudent guidance in the context of an environment that’s moving around very, very significantly. The other point I would make is it is absolutely true that we are seeing strong bit growth and cost reductions on the DRAM side. Remember that we said the majority of the NAND cost reductions occur as we achieve that big crossover, which is later in the fall of this year. So, we are getting quarter-on-quarter cost productions in NAND, but I think you might be perhaps pulling towards that bit crossover comment into the full quarter that we are coming up on and that’s just not going to be the case.
Mark Durcan: Well, they are both in the market. And we are going to just have to see what the demand looks like, but so far we like the reaction we are seeing.
Mark Durcan: Definitely. The 3D 32-layer is cost advantaged relative to 20-nanometer, even 16-nanometer planar NAND. And we believe that as we move through time, the market is going to appreciate incremental value in 3D NAND bits as well.
Mark Durcan: Yes. We have a full product portfolio coming for 3D NAND that will address. And I think I mentioned this in my commentary we have 3D NAND products for consumer client datacenter and enterprise as well as evaluating mobile applications on a go forward basis.
Mark Durcan: You know I think we have gone through a very significant transition here, in some cases from 30-nanometer to 20-nanometer, in some cases from 25-nanometer to 20-nanometer. And from a timing perspective, in some cases, we were later with a particular either density or iode or interface that the customer is wanting. And so it’s just a matter of working through that process and qualifying both products in the various fabs that we are ramping. So I don’t think there is anything untoward or unusual in that process. It’s just a matter of a fairly significant ramp across two high volume fabs and taking the time to qualify a full suite of products across all those technologies.
Mark Durcan: Yes. So certainly, we think 3D NAND has gone very, very well for that. For us, that has been really a model, where we take technology, we have developed in fab 4 and move it into a consistent equipment set in a historically Micron environment, where the equipment all matches and things go very, very well. What we had experienced in 20-nanometer is we are matching at this set of equipment, given the Elpida acquisition. So we have got one full set in Hiroshima, one full set in the MMT fab in Taichung and a separate tool set in the Inotera fab. And that’s just more complicated. And every time we make this transition, we get more and more of those tools aligned. And we feel like actually we are in pretty good shape now. And as we move to the 1X node beyond that, it’s going to be a lot more seamless and a lot easier to execute on a go forward basis. So we are – we think we are the leader in 3D and we think we are getting closer in DRAM and 1X is coming along now running at sort of pre-production levels in both Hiroshima and Taichung.
Mark Durcan: We are always open to looking at lots of different ways to optimize the business for the shareholders. Having said that, we like our NAND position, we like the technology. The early feedback from the customers is they like what we are doing, they like not only the 3D technology, but the product portfolio. And we think we are making progress. So we are kind of encouraged with the progress we have been making. Yes, we completely – we have admitted for 18 months now that we completely missed the boat on planar TLC. We think we have taken significant steps to remedy that on a go forward basis. And we intend to do so. So we are going to play it out. And as we do that, we will look at lots of different strategic options for the DRAM business, just like we do for the – sorry, for the NAND business, just like we do for the DRAM business and 3D cost plans and all the other interesting new technologies we are developing.
Mark Durcan: Well, I think we will just keep those to ourselves, Mehdi. But I think the main point I would want to make to you is we think it’s important to have a diversified set of products or technologies to support memory system solutions for our customers. We think were in a strong position there. We like the growth profile associated with the non-volatile memory business generally and that includes not only NAND, not only 3D cross point business that we are currently developing, but also other advanced storage class memories we are working in. And we will look at lots of different ways of optimizing the value in all those different technologies. And we way may find different solutions in different segments, but we are always looking for those opportunities to create value added partnerships or new relationships.
Mark Durcan: No, there is no change. We are – I think we are pretty consistent. The fiscal Q1 is our crossover, is aligned with our crossover in the fall, what we talked about today, which is a little earlier than we had originally talked about. The 3D crossover comes a little bit later. And that drives a surge in the cost improvement, but not necessarily to drive the improvements that we have kind of outlined relative to our guidance.
Mark Durcan: We are not completely done with 20-nanometer there yet. But as I mentioned a minute ago, we have 1X running there. It’s kind of where we have been doing our pilot line activity and we have transitioned, where we have transferred that technology into the Taichung fab and they are progressing with that. We wouldn’t expect to see volume starts in either Eldida or Taichung until later this year.
Ernie Maddock: Sure. So, to the first part of your question, there are some very significant pre-qual expenses that we expect to incur in Q4 that are influencing the guidance that we have provided for the quarter’s OpEx. And then relative to the cost reduction, the only comfort perhaps I would offer you, which I hope is very strong comfort is that we actually think very carefully about what we are doing here and the decisions that we made with respect to the cost savings program were deliberated, very thoughtfully debated. And at the end, we believe we are the right balance to both help improve the financial performance of the company while at the same time not jeopardizing any of the company’s potential in terms of revenue opportunities.
Ernie Maddock: Well, certainly, they will occur as there is a concentration of new products. So you shouldn’t expect that they are going to occur each quarter. And I would tell you then in Q4, they are particularly high relative to what we have seen over the recent history as a reflection of what Mark said. But it is likely that some time during the course of 2017, you are also going to see these occur as we release new products. But again, we see a particularly high concentration in FQ4 ‘16.
Ernie Maddock: So Tim relative to – I will take the second part of your question first and then we will circle back around to the first. The stake in the ground is we have said a few things, which were actually we reiterated today that would kind of be in the opposite direction of thinking there were problems with our 3D NAND transition, right. We are seeing mature yields occurring at rates that are slightly faster than we anticipated. We had originally probably six months ago talked about big crossover for 3D at the end of the year. Today, we reiterated again that that was going to occur in the fall. So a pull forward of a couple of months. And so we are not going to give you a bit guidance for the August quarter, but we do think that these data points will hopefully give you comfort that in fact, the transition really is occurring slightly more rapidly than we have expected it to occur.
Ernie Maddock: I think one final point that may be also contributing to the overall impression is we do see planar bits coming down fairly significantly as you move away from that planar SSD markets that we have sold into in the past. So there are many dynamics sort of at play here relative to what comes out as an aggregate bit number.
Ernie Maddock: Well, I will jump in real quick, Mark. So, the way we break it out Kevin, is mobile DRAM discrete is reported in our DRAM business. And that’s about mid-20% of our total DRAM. Our eMCPs are reported in our NAND reporting segment. And we said mobile was in the mid-teens percent of the NAND business, mid to low – low to mid teens.
Ernie Maddock: I think it’s reasonable to think about inventory being within a pretty narrow band for a couple of quarters. So I think that’s a reasonable thing to think about. And obviously, we pay a lot of attention to working capital and tend to do so on a going forward basis and my statement about inventories was on a dollar basis. So obviously bits are going to move around as costs move around.
Ernest Maddock: Again, it’s really challenging to give you a forecast of what’s going to happen with the pricing environment. But in terms of aggregate revenues, we would expect it, as we move through these qualifications, that you are going to see the mobile business maintain or slightly improve in terms of a percentage of its overall revenue to the business. And as we noted in our comments, right, as we see eMCP market moving to higher density, we think that, that will be sort of a starting point for an improvement in that aggregate market, which has been weak actually in the last couple of quarters and that’s a quarter or so off as we roll into calendar 2017.
Ernest Maddock: So, C.J., it’s Ernie. We are pretty clear on the qualification timeline. There is more uncertainty around the timing of shipments, because at the end of the day that is going to be a function of each of those customers sort of current inventory dynamics with respect to the inventories they have on hand, their success in the marketplace and how they want to position their inventory. And in addition to that, we are going to have as we already talked about significant quarter-on-quarter growth in production, some of which is directed toward that mobile market, because we believe that it’s fairly strong. So, mobile in general has a better gross margin profile than the aggregate business. So, as that product flows through, although there will be some early pressure as a result of that inventory having been built at a time when costs weren’t fully baked as a result of the volume ramp eventually it will flow through into the margin profile of the company.
Ernest Maddock: Sure. So, in the current pricing environment what we have contemplated as we look toward the Q4 is pretty much a wash to be honest with you, either way that the results to Micron would be roughly the same.
