Mark W. Adams: Yes, Kevin, this is Mark. I don't want to get into too much detail. But I think I could characterize it as really nothing out of the ordinary in terms of the root cause, a combination of different events in front-end, back-end manufacturing, some internal, some external. I think in concert with some knock-on effects that the disruptions created in our overall supply chain really just led to inability to get all the products out. Relative to are we convinced that the problems are behind us, absolutely, relative to those particular issues. I'm not here to promise you we'll never have a manufacturing disruption again, but I think the -- what we encountered this quarter was really sort of a perfect storm in terms of the timing of a number of different events that cumulatively created the issue.
Mark W. Adams: Yes, and I'd like to make one announcement, too. On the guidance sheet that -- for those of you who are looking at it, you may have an error on the R&D column that lists R&D for the quarter as $1.8 billion. The actual numbers, as Ron has reported, was $224 million. So you will get a corrected version of that sent out within the minutes here. But the corrected R&D number for fiscal Q1 was $224 million. So with that, we'd like to go back to questions.
Mark W. Adams: I think we said all we can say relative to any potential or hypothetical deal we might reach, we've told you that we are having discussions with our partners, and we've told you how that has -- what we can relative to how that impacts our Q2 guidance. And I think the bottom line is that the bits we are currently forecasting are what we believe will happen in Q2. And obviously, we'll do a deal if we think it makes sense for Micron.
Mark W. Adams: I could start with the industry part, and then I will let Mark jump in with the Micron part. But we're looking at a calendar 2013 based on public information of probably somewhere between 35% and 45%.
Mark W. Adams: Okay, good. So just -- on the Wireless Solutions side, the -- there's a couple of factors that are playing into the options for us. One is the, as I mentioned in my earlier comments, our 30-nanometer LPDDR 3, 4-gigabit part has put us in a very competitive position today, and that is ramping in volume so we can go out and expand our offering there. Secondly, the maturity of our e·MMC product portfolio is opening doors for new sockets as well there. So between the combination of those 2, not only do we get back in the game from a cost perspective but we have a broader product portfolio to bring to market and actually deliver on.
Mark W. Adams: There's a couple of things. One is we had a -- we're getting back to normal trend line, if you look at our history in terms of SG&A. We had a lower legal expenses in the first quarter. And also we've got some integration costs as we're looking forward to the acquisition that we're -- that we've got a net estimate as well.
Mark W. Adams: I think if you go back a year ago, if we go back a year ago, we were coming out at an artificially higher demand curve due to the hard drive situation in Thailand prior to the holidays. I think that effect's gone, and we're pretty bullish. We're trying to grow our SSD business, and the demand signals from our customers are in parallel aligned with that. So we were pretty bullish going into our second quarter on SSDs.
Mark W. Adams: But in addition to that, if you -- the comments made in our opening discussion around PC OEM pricing, I think the market and the supply base reflects an adjustment of what CT capacity looks like. And so while the overall PC segment doesn't look like a significant growth category, if it's flat, the supply base to that has already kind of contemplated that. We believe that the supply and demand curve is in better shape as reflected by the OEM contract price increases in December.
Mark W. Adams: And in terms of trying to pin down for you what percent of our business can be NAND and DRAM, we're going to try and keep that to ourselves for now.
Mark W. Adams: It's tough for us to get too specific, Glen, because timing -- exact timing on acceptance of tools can move, and that can swing that number pretty dramatically quarter-to-quarter even though the same trend line is in place.
Mark W. Adams: And, of course, we're always adjusting our proposed product mix and our spend associated with that as we see market condition fall.
Mark W. Adams: Well, I think quarter-to-date, we feel things are pretty stable. But it's not unusual for some softness and just out of the holiday period, especially given some of the consumer product-driven platforms that NAND consumes or is consuming NAND. So it was only a hedge that we'd like to just kind of follow that on track to make sure that NAND keeps at the current pace.
Mark W. Adams: Sorry, Glen, I’d go a little beyond. I'd say that generally, we're relatively optimistic about the future demand for NAND. We see a lot of growth in end applications that are consuming NAND, including the SSDs that have been alluded to a couple of times already here today. What we don't know about it is what's the macroeconomic environment going to look like. So we're kind of like everyone else here, waiting to find out how that plays out.
Mark W. Adams: I think I mentioned some of our qualification success in my comments and as an indication that we think the -- our enterprise business will grow. Your reference to seasonality, I wasn't quite clear what you're asking. But we don't -- given the earlier stage of enterprise versus the overall SSD business, we can bet that there's growth around it, and we think our business will continue to grow.
Mark W. Adams: Yes, even in that category, we think it's still pretty high demand. We don't think -- we think it's up and to the right, right now given the lower penetration of [indiscernible] SSDs even in Q1.
Mark W. Adams: Well, I think I'll break it out in 2 pieces. On the client side, there certainly had been some client players who had some financial challenges that might impact our ability to actually go out and capture more share. But overall, so the client -- we like our position in client. I think it's very strong. On the enterprise side, it's a little bit more of a design-win engagement model. So when you pick up something, it tends to be pretty large volumes as they roll that out, as your customer rolls it out. But we -- the only thing I would say is that we're pretty pleased. Our NAND team is pretty pleased with the PCIe products that we've come to market with, and that seems to be a high-growth category even within enterprise. So we're pretty bullish on both segments. One is more of a competitive ability to go out and then deliver volume on the client side and to have some differentiated products in our enterprise solution.
Mark W. Adams: And if you look at the guidance we gave you in terms of forward NAND pricing for the second quarter, I would say a significant chunk of that is we're looking at mix mainly higher density products going into the channel, for example, and more of our 20-nanometer business related to that higher density. So it is significantly a mix effect. And note the cost per bits is going down correspondingly.
Mark W. Adams: I think that in one sense, depending on the architecture and the operating system efficiency, that can certainly have a swing factor one way or the other, meaning that the density could go down or up depending on the application focus and the usage model. But in the other side of that is when you get to these type of designs, they tend to be more customized and less commoditized. And so they end up being kind of customer-customer design wins, which can protect us from a little bit of the commodity nature.
Ronald C. Foster: Kevin, this is Ron. The effect here is basically as we were looking at quarter, we had an opportunity to pick some -- up some additional wafers from Inotera. And our conclusion was that, that would marginally improve our gross margin dollars, our gross profit dollars if you will. And so we decide to take that increment, and that is incrementing our PC bits and affected our guidance in terms of what we gave you.
Ronald C. Foster: No. It was a mix of just the opportunities we saw in front of us and the ability to pick up some wafers that added a few more dollars to the cash balance.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, relative to 30-nanometer, generally speaking, we made fantastic progress on yields as we move through the quarter and anticipate a continued trend as we move into -- as we move through fiscal Q2. Relative to 20-nanometer, that's actually insignificant piece of our total -- of our output today.
Ronald C. Foster: I think -- we do think though those are bitsthat would normally go to the PC market indirectly or directly, so we think it's net neutral.
Ronald C. Foster: There's a very small amount of growth in bit inventory that was offset with cost of good reductions. So when you look at inventory numbers, they're relatively flat. So some of that will come through, but it's a -- it's not as significant relative to the overall quarter.
Ronald C. Foster: Overall, I think that the PC DRAM pricing has to do with the overall supply picture in the overall industry when you look at the market. So I think that the supply side -- and we've referenced kind of what's out in the public on production and investment and capacity and technology transitions, we think that it's been relatively conservative in terms of overall supply growth. So the PC number we think is just kind of a natural evolution of the last 12 to 18 months of that behavior. I think your follow-on comments, did some of those bits make it into our specialty businesses. And while we can't predict that won't happen in the future, we haven't seen it as much because it is not as a matter of just redirecting that capacity. There are technical specifications that go along with it, along -- whether it be performance or temperature requirements and those types of things that, that capacity doesn't automatically become perishable or transferable to other segments. So we haven't seen tremendous pressure. Now having said that, I'll make one qualification to that. We have seen kind of a newer segment in the servers come up that it's a little bit more of a commoditized server for the data center application, the cloud data center application where it's been more of a higher unit but more of a kind of industry standard architecture that doesn't have those specifications, we view that as net-net positive because those bits are better than the PC bits and they're additive to our core server business.
Ronald C. Foster: James, this is Ron. The -- when you look at cash flow of Wireless Group versus the reported result, the main difference is depreciation/amortization, which affects all of our main business units, if that's the question you're asking. So it's a contributor to the operating cash flow based upon the depreciation component that’s COGS. I'm not sure if that's the question you're asking, though.
Ronald C. Foster: In terms of the actual purchase price at close, it was about $750 million in cash that we have to come up with. And you can see the cash balance on our financial statement, we're obviously opportunistically looking at financing situations. The market is pretty good right now, but as we've said before, we tend to look at ones that are covenant-free and focused more on capital leases, which is a normal course of business kind activity as our primary focus. But we'll continue to look at opportunities also to spread our debt exposure over time, our repayment schedule as well, but it's opportunistic based upon market availability.
Ronald C. Foster: Yes. The comment was in terms of additional DRAM bits related to the fact that we actually have more availability of bit supply, and so we have more to move into the market. It's not a demand-driven factor. It's basically supply we have available.
Ronald C. Foster: This is Ron. I'll take the first part, maybe Mark and Mark wants to comment on sort of market opportunities. This is a short-term kind of thing that happens periodically. It just happened to be a little bit larger this quarter where there are available wafers from Inotera. And we have an election to actually pick them up or not pick them up, and it's a straightforward economic analysis based upon current market conditions and known potential we have with our market pricing and contractual arrangements with our customers. So we make the decision based on the cash evaluation, and we made the decision to take some in this case.
Ronald C. Foster: Sure. A lot of it depends on the customer and the application you're selling to. We see over time the client SSD business as it continues to scale, and its growth is encouraging. We see kind of the value of different product offerings within client. When you're selling to a major OEM customer, a 3-bit solution won't quite do it. If you're selling to a white box emerging market segment that might accept lower than that type of performance, you might get that -- be able to get there. The other side of the maturity of controller development being able to handle 3-bit will continue to improve. And so do we think in the future that 3-bit per sale SSDs would be viable? Yes. Do we think the market is there today? Probably not, and that's why we continue to focus on performance, high-performance client SSD drives.
Ronald C. Foster: I think it's fair to say we don't think 30% the ceiling on SSD bits both part of our portfolio and our SSD pure play customers. So I don't think we're satisfied nor do we think that's the top. We think there's more opportunity, and in fact, that's kind of where we're driving a lot of our go-to-market and development resources.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, I think I'll kind of revert back to my earlier comments. We were out of 2 key portions of the business as far as growth opportunities within Wireless, one being low-power DRAM Solutions, which hit us both on the standalone sale of that product, as well as the MCP, as well as our e·MMC offering. And both those product development efforts have progressed really well, and we haven't lacked access to the market. I think what we look at -- in one case, cost position when we were driving too hard to sell that volume in that space and another capability that our e·MMC offering wasn't as mature as the -- as all of our customers would've liked. So we've kind of say today that we have confidence and our products are competitive and able to gain that share of market that we want.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, I think that the -- again, we mentioned a bit earlier, we continue to invest in NOR from a technology perspective. We are a leader right now with our 45-nanometer, 300-millimeter product, which gives us a pretty good cost advantage in that business that showed up in the embedded space. And to some extent, it will help us also enable us in the lower end wireless sockets. You made reference to manufacturing rumors that are in the press, and so on and so forth. But what I would say to that is that we still remain very, very committed to NOR. It's a good part of our business an enabling technology for us both in embedded and wireless and from other segments as well, including PC bios applications and consumer applications.
Ronald C. Foster: This is Ron. As I mentioned, we're still projecting $1.6 billion to $1.9 billion for the year. We had about $538 million in the first quarter, and we said we're going to be loaded a little bit heavier to the first half so...
Ronald C. Foster: Well, it's a number of variables. One of them is timing, as Mark mentioned, at year-end, right, as how things play through. But it's hard for us to call it much closer than that as we go in the first part of the year.
Ronald C. Foster: Yes, I think we're, yes, pretty happy with servers. And we think -- kind of line of sight is that it looks pretty stable and growth were into the bit side for sure, and then the units tracking pretty well. So overall, very favorable.
Ronald C. Foster: No, we would guide you to think that there are always mix issues going on. For example, as Mark just described, we think SSD probably grows for us next quarter. So that's an uplift, for example, over some markets though, every quarter we're dealing with mix-related product movements both in DRAM and NAND.
Ronald C. Foster: Alex, I think that the bit growth, we've been pretty confident. We still think that's a pretty good growth platform for us in servers. When you look at overall server unit growth, it's still mid to high single digits. But when you look at the bit growth, I think we're somewhere around 45% or 50% bit growth year-on-year in servers. And so, I think the dynamic I was alluding to earlier is you've got kind of your traditional server players in those type of enterprise applications. And then you've got this cloud data center model where there are people who are actually building out these networks that are actually rolling their own servers or going through ODM models. And so their product requirements because of the way the networks are structured and the requirements of the server aren't the same, that the subsegment of server growth, that is a little bit more commoditized.
Ronald C. Foster: Yes. I don't want to get too specific, Shawn, but it was a -- there were a number of separate events which accumulated to give us the net effect we had, somewhere internal, somewhere at subcons in the back-end.
Ronald C. Foster: You can probably -- well, first of all, Shawn, you're going to have to be more specific about what designs. But if you look at the spot market, I think Mark covered this in his comments, pricing generally from the end of our quarter to today is up on a line item by line item basis.
Ronald C. Foster: I think the PC growth projection's in line with what Kipp alluded to earlier. I think they, in the traditional desktop/notebook segment, I think they view the PC growth to be flat plus-or-minus 1% or 2%. But again, I think they -- I think the markets adjust to that. That's already in the market both on the PC OEMs inventory side, as well as the supply side.
Ronald C. Foster: So we had impacts on DRAM and NAND. I would say that our 30-nanometer technology trajectory and ramp has actually seen dramatic improvements as we move through the quarter. So while it was impact on the DRAM side relative to 30-nanometer output, it was not related to overall the technology ramp. We're very pleased with the way that is going.
