Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Mark. I want to close by commending our team in Taiwan for their response to the significant earthquake in fiscal Q3. In many ways, that response exemplifies Micron, an agile, prepared team that assesses and reacts quickly, supported by a brilliant network of colleagues around the globe. That collaboration, planning, discipline, and experience are precisely what ensures Micron is so well positioned today. I look forward to our teams accelerating Micron's memory and storage leadership as AI solutions present increasing opportunities to provide greater value, from data centers to the edge. Thank you for joining us today. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, let me start off by again pointing out that we delivered over $100 million in revenue in fiscal Q3 with our HBM3E. And I'm very pleased with our team's focus on this and delivering this number. And note that this was margin accretive to our overall margins, but also to our DRAM margins. And of course, we remain very much focused on delivering several hundred million dollars in fiscal 2024 for HBM revenue. And as I noted, multiple billion dollars in revenue. And in HBM, we are very much focused on continuing to ramp our production and also to improve our yields. And that is, of course, an important priority. And any new product that is as complex as HBM or any new technology node always has a yield ramp, and the team is extremely focused on that. So, as we look ahead to 2025, we remain confident in our ability to deliver our market share consistent with DRAM share some time in 2025. And again, very pleased with Micron's strong product of HBM3E that, as I noted, has been well recognized by our customers to have 30% better power than any competitor's product that is out there. Now, regarding your question on qualifications, of course, we are in qualifications with other customers as well. And as I noted in my remarks, that in 2025 timeframe, we expect to be broadening, diversifying our customer base as well. And HBM4, I mentioned in my remarks that we have a strong roadmap ahead for HBM4 and HBM4E. And we feel very good about our capabilities there, the roadmap that we have in front of us, and our ability to deliver leadership with HBM4 and HBM4E as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, what I would tell you, Krish, is that there is really not much of a difference between the CAGR that we shared last time versus the CAGR we shared here. And I'll also tell you that we basically revised the base year for the CAGR that we used. So, this time, the CAGR that we used, we used the base year of 2023. And in 2023, as you know, we had a bit demand growth in NAND that was higher, meaningfully higher than the CAGR. So, that, of course, the larger base of 2023 just somewhat changed our outlook on the overall CAGR. But you're absolutely right to note, as we have also highlighted, that data center SSDs are a good growth demand driver. And I'll just provide you some color. The data center, automotive, and industrial, these are all growing faster in terms of NAND demand versus the CAGR that we have shared. Client, mobile, and consumer somewhat slower. But these slow-growing segments actually have also average capacity increases ahead of them. As I gave you examples of AI PCs and AI smartphones driving content growth. And we have just conservatively planned for this, perhaps. And we will continue to assess the average capacity growth in smartphones and PCs in the times ahead. And it's important that the CAGR that we highlight here, this is what we use for our capacity planning. And we want to, of course, always remain disciplined with respect to our capacity planning and very much focusing on demand-supply balance and ROI.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes, I mean, I think for HBM3E, 3x here is the operative guidance here with respect to the trade ratio. And again, just keep in mind that this already accounts for the larger die that exists with HBM3E given its performance and packaging and overall product expectations, as well as, of course, with the 8-die stack, as well as the logic die in there, the mature yield expectations there as well. And as the yield will be ramping up for us, of course, we will be able to get the benefit on the lower cost as we go forward. But with mature yields, the trade ratio with HBM3E is about 3 times over the mature yields of D5 in the same technology node. And as you go up to HBM4, of course, the trade ratio, as we have said before, increases and goes higher than 3x. And as you go up from 8-die stack to 12-die stack in HBM3E, of course, 12-die stack will have somewhat lower mature yields as well. That's just the nature of how device yields work. And -- but the operative guidance, I think, remains still 3x for HBM3E and greater than that for HBM4, inclusive of the assumption of mature yields. And, of course, our assumption of mature yields here is world-class mature yields.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, regarding the yield, I think I already commented that we are pleased that in the very first quarter of production, we were able to ship over $100 million of HBM revenue. And we remain focused on our goals and remain confident about our goals of delivering several hundred million dollars of revenue in fiscal '24 and a multiple hundred billions of dollars of revenue in fiscal '25 and getting to our share to be in line with -- our share for HBM to be in line with our DRAM share sometime in 2025. So, of course, our yield assumptions are baked in in all of that. And we look to continue to work on all aspects of ramping up our capacity. And, of course, we expect to improve yields as we go forward. Again, that is typical of any new technology, any new product that you ramp up. So, that's what we remain focused on. And regarding the gross margin comment, maybe Mark can add some color. But as I mentioned earlier, the gross margin is accretive not only for -- to our corporate margins, but it is also accretive to our DRAM margins. And our DRAM margins, as you know, tend to be higher than our corporate margins, which are lower because of the lower margins in NAND, generally in the industry.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Well, as we have said before, that we see the CAGR for HBM growth, in terms of bit growth CAGR to be well above 50% over the next few years. So, certainly, HBM is a strong growth driver. And again, as we increase our mix of HBM going forward, it will of course be continuing to be accretive to our financial performance, including margins. And we are pleased that with the strong performance that we have, we are sold out for '25 as well, with a overwhelming part of our output already committed in terms of pricing. So, that points to a strong position that we have in terms of continuing to work toward achieving our goal of getting to our HBM market share to be in line with DRAM share sometime in 2025. And of course, we are working with a broad range of customers, in qualifications, and next year we plan to be shipping to broader set of customers. Having said all of that, no question that HBM is a complex product for our customers to qualify as well. It's highly resource intensive, not just for us, but for our customers as well. And this is where we think that our strong product position, highlighting again those attributes of 30% better power than nearest competitor, and a better performance, and really high quality here positions us well when customers work with those resource-intensive qualifications for Micron. And that's what we are already seeing in terms of our engagement. So, we feel pretty good about our plans here for HBM.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, for us, certainly, our CapEx is dominated by our DRAM-related CapEx. That's certainly HBM because it's growing as mixed in the industry and HBM is capital intensive when it comes to unique clean room requirements for HBM and in packaging and assembly as well as test equipment. So, our CapEx is dominated by that, as well as to meet the future requirements in the second half of this decade. And that involves the construction of the fab. So, NAND CapEx is certainly a much smaller portion of our total CapEx. And we have a very strong technology position with our NAND and strong portfolio that you see. And we are continuing to shift that portfolio toward higher-value solutions as well. So, we certainly will remain extremely disciplined when it comes to NAND as well in terms of driving the CapEx. And we will be disciplined in terms of driving our technology node transitions in the timing of node transitions across the industry. I think it is certainly helpful given the bit growth that you get from those transitions to slow down the timing of those -- the cadence of those node transitions so that your bit growth CAGR versus the gain of bits that you get from the wafers can be managed well. These are the kind of things we are very much focused on in order to maintain a good supply discipline, maintain supply growth that is very much in line with the demand growth, and managing our CapEx here prudently. But yes, I mean overall our CapEx is -- in NAND is significantly smaller, but we remain extremely disciplined, focused on managing our supply growth in line with demand there. And again, I want to point out that with NAND, technology transitions are sufficient to meet the demand growth. We do not need the new clean room, the new greenfield fabs, the kind that are needed in DRAM. And HBM and the trade ratio of HBM with standard DRAM is a factor in the greenfield requirements only, also.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Well, the long-term contracts really help us and customers get closer, not only with respect to, let's say, supply or pricing discussions as may be relevant to our various customer contracts, but also with respect to the technology roadmap, the product roadmap, the timing of the supply. And they are very helpful factors in building a close relationship with the customers. And you can see that we are pointing to a substantial revenue record in 2025, of course leveraging some of these contracts that we have put in place. And we have also pointed to a significant improvement in profitability. So, I think we are well positioned in these contracts with respect to not only the supply and demand fundamentals, but also with respect to the financial aspects.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Well, thank you, Harlan, for recognizing the strong momentum that Micron's data center SSD have. And certainly, our data center SSDs are accretive to our overall NAND margins. And we have really great products. I already highlighted in my prepared remarks that we saw tripling of bits that we shipped with our 32-layer NAND AI SSDs going absolutely toward AI data center applications. And we have a broad set of customers that we are working with in terms of growing our share. So, we see -- when we talk about sequentially, we had 50% increase in revenue for our data center products, of course, that includes the benefit of our strong data center SSD roadmap. And yes, I mean, we will, of course, continue to work with our Gen5 SSDs in terms of working with customers for qualifying and not prepared to discuss, at this point, specifics regarding timing of some of the roadmap that is in front of us for shipments. So, yes, in terms of sustainability of the strong improvement to share, we are definitely with our strong product portfolio counting on it. And this will -- our SSD momentum, data center SSD momentum, will absolutely contribute also toward my remarks that I said that we will increase our mix of data center revenue in fiscal year '25 as well. Of course, HBM, high-density DIMMs, these will, of course, be a big part of it. But also, data center SSDs is going to be another big part of our growth in fiscal 2025 related to data center revenue.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Vivek, we're happy to take that. We're not providing fiscal year '25 guidance yet. I can talk about some sequential improvements from here. Of course, we guided a 600 basis point increase gross margin guidance between third quarter and the guide and fourth. And, yes, that's driven by price, but also mix is beginning to become a more substantive factor in the sequential gross margin expansions. We see November quarter, we see gross margin expansion continuing up a few hundred basis points. Again, price is a factor, but also, as a fourth quarter mix, participating in the -- or contributing to the increase. And that's the effect of HBM and high-capacity DIMMs and other higher-value products. We do expect through fiscal '25 for price to continue to increase, and we expect this favorable mix effect to continue to increase. You've seen very clearly in the third quarter and our fourth quarter guide, the strength in data center, and we see that growth continuing. And then later in the year, we see replacement cycle for smartphone and PC. And then the associated content with AI picking up. So, we expect that to, again, second half of the calendar year in the early '25 for that to kick in. Then on the supply side, you've got just tight conditions. You've got structurally lower capacity in the industry. Inventories are trending down, which we believe ours will trend down through fiscal '25 to close to our target by the end of '25. And then just the HBM trade ratio, which Sanjay just commented on. And then, of course, I talked about in the sequential gross margin, talked about the mix that we see in the business with our higher-value products, which are HBM, high-capacity DIMMs, SSDs, which we've talked about. So, the momentum is very strong. We've got technology leadership. We've got the best product position the Company's ever had. And the manufacturing is operating very well. So, well-positioned for fiscal '25.
Mark Murphy: Yes, we -- good questions, Toshiya. And your view on CapEx, we've given enough that we don't want to guide revenue for '25 because we -- we'll do that at a future date by quarter. But we do expect a material increase year-over-year. For the quarter, sequentially, we'll see a meaningful step up, and we were at $3 billion, we increased from $2.1 billion to $3 billion third quarter to fourth quarter guide. I would characterize that both on a dollar and percent basis as more than meaningful, so it would be less than that sequentially. But we are spending more. Yes, to your question on, we are very constrained on bits, bit production, and so we will -- as I mentioned in my earlier comments, we will certainly see inventory levels come down. In fact, we expect to be approaching target inventory levels by the end of 2025.
Mark Murphy: So, I would just add, Harlan, that the storage business unit delivered operating profit in the quarter.
