Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. I am proud of the Micron team’s execution in fiscal 2018. In October, we will celebrate the 40th anniversary of Micron’s founding. Our proven track record in delivering technology and design innovation, and building close partnerships with a broad range of customers, has laid a solid foundation. We are now driving a culture of agility, efficiency, and speed, and executing on product-level innovations in high-value solutions. This transformation to the new Micron continues to build strong momentum. I am really excited about our future, and the best is yet to come. We’ll now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And I would just add that the CPU shortages, we expect it to be short-term; it’s possible that it goes beyond Q1 as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: As we said, we have gained substantial share in SSCDs, primarily based on SATA SSDs over the course of 2018, our fiscal 2018. And we’re very pleased with the progress we have made there. And of course, market is shifting towards NVMe SSDs, and that’s where the future growth opportunity lies. And we have been working on our NVMe SSD solutions. We plan to introduce our first NVMe solutions later this year. And then, we will be advancing as we said in the client and consumer space, bringing new products into the market in calendar year 2019, and bringing later on enterprise and cloud NVMe SSDs later in the year, in the 2019 year. So, our NVMe SSDs will be ramping up gradually over the course of 2019. Of course, we will continue to maintain a solid share position with SATA SSDs. Overall, I expect that our total shares in SSDs will continue to be flattish in 2019 timeframe. And we expect to resume share growth from 2020 as we complete our NVMe SSDs portfolio. And by completing NVMe SSD portfolio, I mean complete the development of SSDs or get them qualified with our customers and ramp them into production. So, we are very confident about the long-term opportunity for us in SSDs, leveraging our low-cost 64-layer NAND as well as our 96 layered NAND solutions over the course of next few quarters.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I think, what’s important to understand is that end-market demand trends for DRAM as well as NAND continue to be strong. I mean, when you look at data center and cloud applications, AI is in the very, very early innings. And the whole cloud growth is in the very early innings as well. We see the DRAM requirements in enterprise and cloud data center application to be growing much faster than the total average DRAM industry demand growth, a CAGR over course of few years of about 30%. Similarly, in mobile applications, DRAM is growing nicely as well as machine learning kind of features, as facial recognition et cetera get implemented in these phones. We are already starting to see 6 to 8 gigabyte, even 10 gigabyte coming in high-end smartphones now. And days are not too far that you’ll even see 12 gigabyte in smartphones. And similarly, on the NAND front, when you look at average capacities increasing in smartphones, you’re seeing now 512 gigabyte smartphones being offered. And again, days of terabyte smartphones are not far away. And certainly with elasticity in NAND, average capacities in client computing applications as well as mobile devices will increase as well as attach rate of SSDs will increase. So, this is important. When you look at these demand trends, we feel very confident about the long-term trajectory. One or two quarters here or there, there can certainly be ebb and flow in terms of demand or supply in the industry. But, the long-term trend is positive. And specific to our CapEx, I’d just point out here that we are being very prudent, very disciplined in managing our CapEx, absolutely focused on profitability and ROI. We have mentioned that our CapEx on cleanroom construction and facility upgrades is increasing by $2 billion compared to last year. And Dave mentioned that it represents about 25% of our total CapEx guidance that we provided. And just as an example of our discipline on CapEx management in NAND. In terms of equipment, CapEx for 2019, our fiscal year 2019 versus 2018, we are actually reducing the CapEx fiscal year 2019 versus 2018. So, we are extremely focused on technology conversions, technology transitions because they are the best way for us to achieve cost competitiveness as well as ROI on our investments. We are not adding wafer starts [ph] where some other competitors may have talked about those in the industry.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I think with respect to the inventory question that you asked, it’s very important to understand that we are not talking about that inventory adjustment in any particular segment. This is with few customers. It is a customer-specific inventory adjustment that we discuss here. And of course, we cannot call out those customers on this call. And with respect to pricing, of course, we do not forecast pricing, but you look at our FQ4 results, our DRAM pricing was flat and 71% gross margin, record gross margin, extremely healthy industry environment we see going forward as well for DRAM. As I talked about the demand drivers are vibrant for DRAM, they are diversified and they are secular in nature. And DRAM solutions are really bringing great value to the AI-driven kind of applications where they’re really central to that trend. And you have to keep in mind that the supply growth is slowing down as well, given the increased technology complexity than greater CapEx that is required to implement the technology transition. So, overall, we continue to see healthy DRAM industry fundamentals. On the NAND side, as I mentioned that this year, calendar 2018, we see NAND supply output growth at approximately 45%. And this, as you know, has been there because the industry over the course of last several months has gone through major transition from 2D NAND to 3D NAND with the 64-layer. And the industry at this point is already on 3D transition in terms of total bits, on a calendar year basis at about 75% level. So going forward on NAND as well, as you look at transition in the future to 96-layer, that will have the same kind of consideration that increased technology complexity and reduced bit gain per wafer from 64 to 96-layer transition. So, we see moderation in the industry supply aspect in the first half of 2019.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, let me take that. In terms of demand elasticity, we are certainly seeing that. I think in smartphones you do see a move to higher capacities. I referred to that in my previous same comments [indiscernible] previous question. In SSDs particularly related to consumer and channels related to SSD with the benefit of lower priced NAND, certainly, you’re starting to see -- there is already some lag, average capacity increase in those channels as well. So, overall, NAND definitely continues to benefit from price elasticity.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, we’re not going to provide full year guidance on the cost side for fiscal year ‘19. But, I will tell you that we believe we are in very good position with respect to continuing to execute on our technology and manufacturing roadmap and realizing cost reduction. Of course, as we have said before, when you go from one technology node to the other technology node you achieve less bits per wafer gain, and that impacts of course the cost reduction capability from one node to the next node. And again, the laws of physics are same everywhere, and this is common across the industry, as we discussed at our Investor Day. So 1Y technology, in mature yields will provide less cost reduction than 1X technology provided over the 20-nanometer. Nonetheless, our position will be good in terms of cost reductions. Same things we discussed at Investor Day. We feel very good about our ongoing march towards strengthening our costs competitiveness. And of course, in NAND, we’re in very good position. In NAND, we are in very good position with the lowest cost technology in the industry.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, let me just point out that in 2018, we were well below the industry in terms of overall CapEx. And overall, we definitely are absolutely focused on technology transitions with respect to our CapEx. And we believe we have really a prudent, disciplined focus, as I said before, in terms of adjusting our CapEx toward equipment, targeting it toward technology transitions and big growth coming from the technology transition. We have mentioned that calendar year ‘19, we see our supply and bit growth in line with the industry on DRAM side, which we expect to be approximately 20%. And in NAND, we have said that we expect our fiscal year 2019 supply output bit growth to be -- industry to be in the range of 35% to 40% and for us to be somewhat higher.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes. And of course, we retain some flexibility in terms of managing this on an ongoing basis as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, at this point, we are not providing specifics on 96-layer that how much you gain per wafer. But, I think some of it can be obvious as well. You are going from 64-layer to 96 layers. Future generations beyond 96-layer will tend to have, again reduce bit gain per wafer. All of that is obviously along with the assumptions of industry ramp of 96-layer is baked into our overall guidance of fiscal year -- calendar year ‘19 NAND bit growth of 35% to 40%. It’s slowing down because again 64-layer to 96-layer will give you less gain. So, in 2018, you saw a onetime increase in NAND bit growth that the industry went from 2D to 3D transition with 64-layer. Going forward, it will revert back to the same curve of less and less bit gain, and of course, more CapEx requirements with each successful technology transition.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, in my prepared remarks, I did mention about our QLC. And we have -- we are the first ones to introduce QLC SSDs in the industry, very proud of Micron’s ability and execution in that area and very proud of our team to be able to do that. And we have just begun with certain set of limited customers, taking that QLC SATA SSD product to the market. This will be growing revenue for us within SSD next year. Although it will remain relatively small, it will initially be of course, in the SATA QLC solutions. As in the past, when you went through MLC transitions in the NAND industry or you went through the TLC transitions in the NAND industry, those transitions occurred over a course of a few years. And we similarly expect that QLC transition to be happening gradually over the course of next few years, although we will start realizing revenue from QLC SSDs starting now, but, then continuing to increase it modestly in calendar 2019 as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, as I said before, this is not limited to any particular segment. It is more specific customer consideration. And, given the kind of pricing that had existed in the DRAM market, certain customers had certain inventory levels that -- certain inventory strategies that they were pursuing, and those customers have decided to adjust their inventory levels. So, that’s what we refer to in our remarks. In terms of the end market demand for those customers and end market demand for DRAM applications, that continues to be solid. It’s just an inventory adjustment approach of some of our customers.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I mean, absolutely, we will continue to increase our high-value solutions mix, which means SSDs, as well as managed NAND solutions for mobile applications including discrete managed NAND solutions, as well as multichip packages where, of course, we have a significant benefit, because we have both, DRAM and NAND. So absolutely, this is part of our strategy. We will absolutely continue to increase our mix of SSD and managed NAND solutions, high-value solutions. Just want to remind you that we had shared at the Investor Day that in fiscal year ‘17 we had about 40% of NAND revenue coming from our high-value solutions; that means SSDs and managed NAND solutions. And in fiscal year ‘18, we increased that to little over 60%. In fact, in fiscal Q4, our managed NAND and SSD mix, the high-value solutions mix in NAND is over two-thirds. So, this just goes to show you that we are absolutely working towards our goals that we had shared with you at the Investor Day that by 2021 we will have 80% of our NAND revenue in terms of -- actually in terms of managed NAND solutions. So, this is going really well for us and it of course, provides us the benefits in terms of profitability as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, certainly, I think when you look at the data center, the total CapEx increases, particularly in the hyperscale application, a lot of that CapEx it does go toward server and memory and storage applications. So, that certainly is an indication of the continuing year-over-year growth in that area and certainly in integration of increasing opportunity. But, again, I’ll point out that we are in very early innings there. And this is going to be a multi-year growth opportunity for us. And we are extremely focused on working closely with the customers in this space. And through those discussions, we get good visibility from them in terms of our opportunity for the future. So, we feel very good about our growth opportunities in this part of the segment here.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I think one of the things I will share with you is that if you look at the DRAM demand growth projections in the cloud and in enterprise datacenter space, you will see that that CAGR over few years is 30%. And that is higher than the expected DRAM overall industry supply bit growth of 20%. So, this is one of the fastest growth areas, where DRAM along with NAND, really bring lot of value to those customers. I think at our Investor Day we had taken you through the details of how AI driven applications are requiring 6 times more DRAM per servers and 2 times more SSDs per server. So, I think you have to look at all of these trends. There is no one particular trend that I can point to you in this regard. Of course, you have to look at the cloud CapEx, you have to look at the average capacity increases that are taking place on the DRAM side as well as for the NAND side in cloud applications, the server attach rates. The CPUs that are going into the servers have more memory channels that’s enabling more DRAM growth per server content in the data center application. So, there are many of these things that all absolutely are pointing to strong demand drivers. And just to end the comment here, I would point out that our end market applications are well-diversified in DRAM. Of course, cloud and data center is one strong growth area for us, but mobile, automotive, industrial, IoT, all of these are also growth applications. For example, in automotive and industrial, we have number one market share, and that’s a very stable kind of market opportunity. And we are doing very well. Graphics is another example, right. But we have very strong position in graphics as well, and another growth opportunity. So, multiple growth drivers and we are well-positioned. The message is, the industry is structurally different and Micron -- the New Micron is also structurally different. And we are well-positioned to drive the business going forward.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, as we mentioned, we see DRAM to be healthy in Q1. And we definitely see healthy demand supply trend for DRAM beyond that as well, given the well diversified growth drivers for DRAM. So, overall, we see DRAM in balance. And regarding the inventory adjustment, I just want to be clear that that comment is related to DRAM.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. Yes, sure. So, let me take the first one to start with. So, on the magnitude side, we’re not going to go into necessarily the details, all the details in a granular fashion. Suffice it to say that they both had an impact in terms of the guidance of 7.9 and 8.3. They are a big driver of obviously, why we guided in that direction. I don’t know exactly how long the CPU shortage will last. I think on the inventory correction side, it will be a couple of quarters before inventory gets reduced.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. So, first of all, the gross margin guidance was 57 to 60. So, of course, if we hit the higher end of that range, it would be 140 basis points down. Clearly, tariffs are impacting us, probably to the tune of 50 to 100 basis points. And as we talked about, we’re working on steps to mitigate that. That obviously takes some time. We have to do some things operationally to get ourselves in a place where it isn’t as impactful. And so, it’ll be a quarter or two probably before we start to see some benefit from the improvement there. So, that was certainly a factor on the gross margin side. I would say, in general, the market for DRAM is healthy. The market for NAND is well-supplied. So, here, we’ve built in various expectations, depending on kind of how things play out from a revenue perspective. And that certainly drives some of the gross margin adjustments as well. But suffice it to say, if we look at this from a year-over-year comparison, gross margins, I think, in the first quarter of 2018 were 55.4%, if I’m not mistaken. So, will be above on a year-over-year basis, if we hit within the range of what we expect, anywhere from 160 to 460 basis points.
Dave Zinsner: And I would say, as we’ve talked about in prepared remarks, we do react to changes in our view and we did reduce our CapEx plans for NAND in fiscal 2019. So, we are able to make adjustments, as we see changes. 
Dave Zinsner: Well, inventory in total is probably you’re breaking out, which inventory on a days’ basis right now is in kind of the high-90s; it’s been that way for some time now. I would say we’re comfortable with our inventory position. Having said that, if you remember, in the Analyst Day, Manish, runs operations, talked about some of the things he was doing to improve the efficiency of the manufacturing group, and on top of that, improve, in particular the back end and try them to make that more streamlined. And there is a whole bunch of things we’re doing in terms of system improvements and process improvement that I think will actually have a pretty good effect on inventory going forward. So, over time, I think you’ll see us carry lower days of inventory and improved working capital in the process.
Dave Zinsner: Good question, C.J. And I do want to thank investors for being patient with us a little bit. We announced this in May at the Analyst Day, and we needed a few more months to get the balance sheet to where we wanted. As you mentioned, now, we have a great net cash position, we have debt now below $5 billion that 0.3 times EBITDA. And we have great liquidity. We’re now over $9 billion of liquidity. And we said we wanted to be 30% of sales and liquidity. So, we’re in a very strong position in entering fiscal 2019, which I think is great. Our intention is to be fairly programmatic about the buyback. And so, that $1.5 billion does represent more of a programmatic type approach. Having said that, we did mention that we have layered on top of that some opportunistic repurchases, and so, that will be somewhat timing based -- based on when the opportunities arise to take advantage of buying back a little bit more. In both Sanjay and my prepared remarks, we did talk about acceleration. And if you look at the $1.5 billion and kind of make some estimations around our free cash flow for the first quarter, you’ll probably get a figure that is above 50% free cash number we said we are committed to. So, I think it is in the cards for us to be a little bit more aggressive over time. And we obviously think that this is a fantastic price to be buying the stock at.
