Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. The positive momentum in our financial performance in calendar year 2020 has been interrupted by the unprecedented combination of a global pandemic and U.S. restrictions on shipments to Huawei. As we look toward the second half of fiscal 2021, we expect that the underlying momentum in our product portfolio and secular industry drivers such as AI and 5G will drive materially better financial and business performance. We are confident in the long-term growth trajectory of our industry. Memory and storage have become increasingly important across diverse end-market applications, spanning from the data center to the edge and from business to consumer. Within this context, Micron is getting stronger, not only financially, as Dave indicated, but also competitively. Micron is transforming into a product leadership company that is a trusted partner to our customers both for differentiated solutions and for continuity of supply. We are confident that our upcoming node transitions, our strengthening product portfolio and deeper customer engagements will further enhance our competitive position.  Micron’s transformation is taking place against a global backdrop of unprecedented environmental challenges. It is imperative that we are also environmentally responsible in our operations and Micron is playing a leadership role in this area. Last month, we solidified our commitment to sustainability, announcing specific and measurable environmental sustainability goals for calendar 2022 and 2030. These commitments will be a milestone toward our aspirational goals of reducing absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 40% from our calendar 2018 baseline, transitioning to 100% renewable energy where available, conserving 100% of our water use and sending zero waste to landfills. Reaching our goals will require investment and as we have previously discussed, we plan to devote approximately 2% of annual capital expenditures to environmental sustainability initiatives amounting to about $1 billion over the next five years to seven years. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: First of all, let me just point out, you said, recovery in the second half of calendar year ‘20. What we said is, in the second half of our fiscal year ‘20. And DRAM, of course, the long-term drivers of growth are secular in nature, trend of AI and 5G, of course, will be a continuing driver of growth. In the near-term, I mean, a lot of -- let -- from an industry point of view, Enterprise servers have been weak and that’s impacting the demand outlook. And you also have to remember the context of the first half of the year. In the first half of calendar year 2020, as we had entered the year, we were definitely looking at strong demand trends building up through the year. The inventories by and large had normalized in the industry and then we got hit by COVID and that definitely impacted the demand outlook. It accelerated it in Cloud for a while. It accelerated it in Enterprise as well, as financial and other sectors invested in Enterprise server side. However, Enterprise has generally been weak. Cloud demand, given the work-from-home and e-commerce and streaming, all these kind of applications have driven strong growth on the cloud side, and we expect cloud to continue to be healthy in the second half. Of course, the first half of the calendar year 2020 saw a surge in demand in cloud. In the second half, we expect it to be somewhat moderated compared to the first half levels, but cloud will continue to be in a healthy place over the FQ1 and FQ2 timeframe, and it is a long-term driver of growth as well. 5G phones will be a strong driver of growth. And remember, in 2020, because of COVID, total smartphone unit sales got impacted and got lowered by something around 10% on a year-over-year basis. But in 2021, smartphone sales are expected to pick up. In fact, smartphone sales are already picking up in the marketplace right now. So not only is it a story of increasing smartphone sales, as we go through calendar 2021 beyond the seasonally slower first quarter of the calendar, but it is also the story in 5G of higher content, both for memory and storage. So these are the demand drivers that are driving -- that are giving us optimistic outlook for DRAM demand in calendar year 2021, continuing to improve starting from the beginning of the year, particularly as we get past the seasonal calendar Q1 timeframe. And of course, as you pointed out, the CapEx in the DRAM industry has been disciplined; and in that, I would position the industry when we look at the backdrop of demand expectation of approximately 20% in calendar year 2021 or 20% growth in DRAM. And look at the CapEx discipline that has existed in the industry, we think the environment -- overall these dynamics bode well for healthy environment in our second fiscal half of 2021 for DRAM. And of course, for ourselves, our second-generation DRAM, our 1-alpha node, which will begin production in fiscal year 2021 will position us very well, and our underlying momentum of our product portfolio both in NAND and DRAM will position us well as we go through calendar year 2021.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So that’s -- in our fiscal fourth quarter, Huawei was slightly under 10% of our total revenue. And given that the order had come in from the commerce pretty late in the quarter. In terms of any upside from Huawei in our fiscal fourth quarter, it was really very, very small. Now, with respect to FQ1, yes, we start shipment effective September 14th. So what that means is that our revenue declines substantially with Huawei in fiscal Q1 and that clearly is a significant headwind to us. Huawei has been a large customer to us, not only in FQ4 of 2020, but as we have reported before. It has been our largest customer for significant period of time in prior several quarters as well. So the impact of Huawei as related commerce department ruling is significant impact to our revenue in FQ1, and obviously, it is baked into our FQ1 guidance here. Specific to the licenses, we have applied for licenses. It’s important to understand that our previous licenses did not give us the ability that -- our previous licenses at this point do not give us the ability to ship to Huawei from our non-U.S. fabs. We need new licenses for that, which we have applied for and we do not know if and when those licenses would be granted.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So as we said in our prepared remarks that with respect to the lost opportunity at Huawei, it will take us a while to shift our production, as well as address the demand from other customers within the mobile ecosystem. There is no question that the end market mobile demand will be what it is projected to be and to the extent that Huawei is not able to fulfill that demand going forward, that demand will be supplied by other smartphone manufacturers. Micron is well-engaged with the entire ecosystem of smartphone manufacturers. We have had strong relationships with those customers. We have been a strong supplier to them. Our portfolio of solutions has only strengthened over time, making us a valued partner to the rest of the mobile ecosystem as well. So as we shift from Huawei toward those other customers, it will take us some time. It will have impact in FQ1, as I noted earlier. It will have less impact in FQ2, but by end of FQ2 and beyond, we will be able to make up for any loss on the Huawei front with other smartphone manufacturers assuming that we don’t get licensed to Huawei in this timeframe.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, certainly, our SATA leadership has helped us in the Enterprise Data Center market and SATA still is a meaningful portion of the Enterprise SSD market even though it is shifting rapidly to NVMe. And, yes, we have growing presence in Enterprise with our NVMe solutions and we have good products. Although, we are in early stages of growing our NVMe opportunity, and, yes, for future quarters, as we go through fiscal 2021 and -- calendar 2021, we will continue to expand our portfolio of solutions with NVMe products targeted for a broader set of applications in the Enterprise space. And as you noted, we have done well with our SSD Solutions compared to years past. We have continued to expand our portfolio in not only Enterprise but also in the Client PC side and Consumer SSD side. In fact, our QLC is a good success story here, as we noted in our remarks, with the broadest portfolio in Enterprise SSDs, as well as Client and Consumer SSDs. So we will be bringing out exciting new products over the course of 2020 and 2021 timeframe and we certainly do plan to increase our presence in the SSD marketplace with broader and richer portfolio solutions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, first of all, we really cannot comment on other companies obtaining licenses. As we noted, that we have applied for licenses, but we cannot speculate if and when those licenses will be granted. And with respect to if licenses are granted, obviously, it will depend on what is Huawei’s demand at that point. We will, of course, always supply to our customers and always make sure that we are meeting our commitments to our customers. Huawei along with other customers have been valued partners. So if we are given the opportunity with licenses to supply to Huawei, we will certainly become a partner again, given the strong partnership we have enjoyed in the past with them. But it will really depend on what is their demand profile at that point and what have been our commitments to other customers already in place and we will have to manage through all of that. But certainly, if licenses are granted, we will have a growing opportunity to engage again with Huawei. And that’s -- remember that’s our goal, we always want to have broad portfolio of products and a diversified set of customers. We have done well in this area over time, and as you can see, that even though largest customer in Huawei essentially in a very short period of time disappears for us in terms of revenue opportunity, we are able to adjust it given our portfolio and given our customer engagement with rest of the customers. But it just takes supply chain. The nature of the semiconductor supply chain is that it does take a while to shift that production. Even for other smartphone manufacturers in terms of filling any void created by Huawei, it does take them to adjust things in the supply chain as well. So we will, of course, continue to work with the broad ecosystem of smartphone suppliers to address the future demand for smartphone.
Sanjay Mehrotra: No. Regardless of the kind of compute architecture, whether it is X86-based or AI-based or ARM-based, I mean, the need for memory and storage is there in all those architectures and all those applications. The need is being driven by trends like AI. AI relies on more and more data to derive greater intelligence and greater value for business and consumer experiences. So regardless of how the hardware platform is built, all applications require more memory and storage. And for example, in mobile, there is a great deployment of ARM processors today and Micron is a strong supplier and mobile is a large market for memory and storage applications.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Basically. Yeah. That just creates an opportunity for more choices for customers and just only diversifies our applications and our end market opportunity can be in storage.
Sanjay Mehrotra: To be clear, we were not referring to components that we are not able to procure. I was referring in my prepared remarks that in the PC segment, particularly with the surge in demand in notebooks, particularly Chromebooks. There have been -- in the PC supply chain there have been certain component shortages that PC manufacturers have frankly talked about in their own earnings calls. So it’s not any component shortages for Micron’s supply chain. We were just referring to the end market component shortages in the PC supply chain. That has some impact on the demand when they are not able to procure all the components they need for their notebook and Chromebook builds.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So on the second part of your question related to NAND profitability, so as you know, NAND profitability in the industry today is low. I mean, DRAM profitability is significantly better than NAND profitability. DRAM industry is certainly exercising good discipline with respect to CapEx and that bodes well for, as we said earlier, for the industry environment as we go through calendar year 2021. On the NAND side, what we are highlighting is that, given the low profitability levels, there is a risk to improving the profitability of the industry unless demand ends up being higher than our estimations of approximately 30% the demand growth next year or the CapEx restrained on the supply side in the industry gets managed better. Of course, it is too early to comment realistically on 2020 industry supply growth, but with the current estimations that we have we believe that discipline on the CapEx side is needed in the NAND industry to restore the healthier profitability levels of NAND. Of course, on Micron’s part, as we highlighted, our strategy always is to focus on growing our supply in line with demand. That means we have -- plan to have supply growth CAGR to be in line with industry demand growth CAGR both for DRAM and NAND. And on NAND, this year, that means in calendar year 2020, our NAND supply growth will be significantly less than the industry demand given the RG transition and next year also we are continuing to exercise our CapEx discipline on NAND with our supply growth next year in ‘20 -- calendar year 2021 somewhat less than the expectation of the industry demand. Of course, in terms of shipment capability in calendar year 2021, we will be able to fulfill that in line with industry demand, using the inventory -- the higher levels of inventory that we have been carrying in NAND. So we are certainly exercising discipline and managing our transition here from floating gate to replacement gate, as well as addressing the NAND opportunities in a disciplined fashion and all I was pointing out was that that CapEx discipline is needed on the part of the NAND industry as well to restore stronger levels of profitability versus the current low levels that exist in the industry.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. That was a three-part question in one. Good job, John. So let’s talk a little about the mix. Obviously, mix was pretty favorable in the fourth fiscal quarter, DRAM jumped up quite a bit from the previous quarter, up to low 70s as a percent of our total revenue. We would expect that to come down modestly and NAND to come up modestly. I am not sure it’s going to be the most significant story around gross margin, but it certainly will be a headwind. Tough to call on the second quarter, we do expect continued growth in NAND, and probably flattish in DRAM, so there’s probably a little bit more incremental mix headwind there. But as Sanjay indicated, in the back half of the fiscal year, we are very bullish around a lot of the markets that DRAM supports like cloud, like the mobile space, for 5G, and so we do expect a healthy recovery in DRAM beyond that. You mentioned the high value solutions. That obviously has been helpful and accretive to our business so far. We are continuing to drive that. We, in fact, actually now the story is even beyond NAND, it goes into the DRAM space, for example, with graphics. I talked about that it would start out being a little bit of a headwind on our gross margins the first fiscal quarter because of the early ramp of the product. But as that hits its stride as we go through fiscal and calendar 2021, we would expect that to be very beneficial in the gross margin side. You mentioned also replacement gate. So as you know, replacement gate has kept our cost reductions on the NAND front relatively flat in fiscal 2020, about the only real cost reduction we got in fiscal 2021 out of NAND was really the depreciation change. There’s not a huge change in the fiscal first quarter around NAND as the first-generation of replacement gate still is the major story there. But as Sanjay talked about, we will be ramping second-generation replacement gate next year and so that should be a benefit. We do think that its cost reductions are quite positive and should be very helpful in driving what we said in the prepared remarks is low-single -- low double-digit cost declines on NAND and that’s with mix being a factor in it and so it’s even better without that. And also, I would say on the DRAM front, we are looking at our cost reductions next year and even with mix should be pretty respectable and that includes all that increased cost and higher margin products that we will be shipping next year, but also will include the -- graphics will also benefit the gross margins as well. So, I think, I said, on the NAND, I said, low mid-teens costs, but it was actually low double-digit, I should say, cost reductions or low- to mid-teens cost reductions instead of low double-digit cost reductions.
Dave Zinsner: On the DRAM front, whether it extends into the second quarter it’s possible. But I think in the back half of the year, it’s certainly going to be a good story on the gross margin front as we get more mature yields on those products. On the NAND front, I think, really I think, the bigger driver is going to be this switchover to the second-generation of replacement gate and that’s really where we start to see the cost improvement, because we are at a pretty high level of high value solutions on the NAND front.
Dave Zinsner: Yeah. So the Huawei impacts that we had on the gross margin front were largely accounted for in the fourth fiscal quarter. Although, there is potential for more, depending on how the rest of the bits get consumed. On the high value products within DRAM, clearly, the first couple of quarters will be somewhat of a kind of headwind to the gross margins. But it’s simply kind of a ramp timing challenge and it just so happens that where we are seeing pricing be a little bit more negative. That just so happens to coincide with a couple of quarters where our costs are kind of running higher. But I don’t really think, I mean, this is somewhat of a near-term challenge that will correct itself over time, particularly as though -- again, as those products get to more mature yields and we get the mix going in the right direction for us. I would tell you, just as it relates, we obviously don’t want to go into details around the difference in margins between DRAM and NAND, specifically. I would just tell you that, your estimate of DRAM is low relative to what it is in reality.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. So on the cost front, just to be clear, Ambrish, it was -- the cost declines in FY’20 were -- on DRAM were in the mid-single digits and the expectation would be -- they would be somewhat in the mid-single digits again in FY’21. On FY’20, there wasn’t really much mix that impacted it. So that was legitimately what the cost was. There were a few things that we probably could have executed a little bit better on that drove a little bit of it. I’d also say, we had a lot of COVID mitigation expenses running over time in different areas and tariffs went higher than we expected. So there were some things that kind of went against us as it relates to COVID and that kind of muted our cost improvement for FY’20. I would say on 2021, this mid single-digit cost decline includes the impacts of mix. So if you strip that out, we would actually be quite a bit above the mid single-digit figure and more in line with kind of the numbers we are trying to drive. So I think we are in very good shape on the cost side for FY’21. It just -- it starts out a little rough just because we have got to ramp these newer products, but for the year, it should be really good. And once we really hit our stride on 1-alpha, we are really bullish about the cost reductions there. So that’s probably not until the following year but that will start to help further.
