Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. The pandemic has impacted our financial performance trajectory, which was shaping up for a robust outcome this calendar year. Nevertheless, we have moved with agility to leverage the new opportunities in the marketplace and have further strengthened our product portfolio. Micron’s portfolio is now dramatically better positioned from a competitive perspective, and we have driven a tremendous transformation here over the last three years.  In the coming quarters and years, we will continue to strengthen our business foundation. And as the industry environment improves, Micron is exceptionally well-positioned to take advantage of long-term trends and drive superior returns for our shareholders. Of course, preparing Micron for a bright future has to be about more than just quarterly business performance. We also have to be leaders in creating positive outcomes for all of our stakeholders. In that context, there are two topics that I would like to touch upon before we move to Q&A. First, earlier this month, we issued our fifth annual sustainability report. This year, we set challenging new goals for energy use, emissions, water use and waste generation that aim to dramatically improve the environmental sustainability of our operations worldwide over the years ahead. We also established an aspirational future vision that will drive us to achieve even more. Reaching our goals will require investment, and we plan to devote approximately 2% of annual capital expenditures to environmental sustainability initiatives, amounting to about $1 billion over the next five to seven years. These initiatives underpin our commitment to achieve significantly higher standards and help create a better planet. Second, I’d like to address the social unrest and racial division that have gripped our country. The senseless and tragic deaths of people in our black community in the U.S. must be addressed with real and lasting reforms. Hate, racial discrimination, violence and social injustice have no place in our society. Micron is committed to creating a welcoming and safe work environment for everyone, and we are taking concrete actions to increase technical training, career preparedness and opportunities for underserved population. We are also actively engaging and investing in community programs that aim to create a more just and fair society for everyone. There is much work to do, and we look forward to being part of the solution. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Specifically with respect to data center, pre-COVID, we expected 2020 to be a year of strong growth in cloud. Again, with all the trends building around AI and that needing more memory and storage, we expected healthy demand for pre-COVID in cloud applications. And of course, with COVID, as we discussed in the last earnings call, certainly some of the trends got pulled in. Work-from-home economy as well as e-commerce, gaming, video streaming, all of these drove strong surge in demand on the cloud front. As we look ahead at the second half, of course, given the total COVID environment and uncertainties around COVID, around the globe, we basically have limited visibility, yet, we do believe that cloud demand in the second half of the calendar year will continue to be healthy for us. We work closely with our customers in terms of understanding their inventories. We understand what their demand trends are. And from what we can see, customer inventories with respect to cloud are in a healthy place. And of course there are other parts of the market such as mobile phones, where there are other considerations such as geopolitical considerations as well as related to COVID as well, where customers may have built up some additional inventory. And in mobile in particular, you saw in China that how in April post-COVID within China the demand went up, surged up for smartphones. So some of the customers may be preparing for -- as the consumer comes back, given the low point that the world experienced in March, April timeframe, customers wants to be prepared to supply the smartphone demand to them as well. So overall, it's a mixed picture with respect to the inventory on the customer front. Cloud inventories are in decent shape. Mobile, I would say somewhat in anticipation of demand as well as managing to the supply chain considerations due to COVID, and some geopolitical considerations as well. So overall, I would say when we look at fiscal first quarter, the environment is similar to what we have experienced in FQ3, FQ4. And of course our best assessment is baked into the guidance that we have provided to you.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So we, of course, manage our mix on an ongoing basis. We assess customer demand expectations and make judgments regarding managing that mix. So yes, like you noted, we had shifted some of the supply from mobile towards the server applications. And at this point, we continue to make -- study how the trends are evolving and we think we are in a good position with respect to managing our mix. But, yes, some changes are needed, we will of course revert to making those changes in the future.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So thanks for asking that question. Just to be clear, the Huawei placement on entity list, we had applied for licenses and we secured those licenses for mobile and server shipments. And we do not supply into the networking side of the business. We never sought that license. So the entity list placement that had happened several months ago did impact some of our outlook but we have been operating under the licenses that we have already received. The comments that I was making today is really related to last month's action by Commerce Department, which will go into effect sometime next month. And as a result of that action, we are already starting to see an impact in our fiscal Q4 as our customers react to the actions by the U.S. and quite frankly impact related to Huawei are still unfolding. We expect some of the impact to Huawei, yes, related to the foundries but it affects their potentially overall considerations on managing their business, managing their supply chain. And the effect of some of these impacts will continue in FQ1 and beyond as well. And then this is compounded further by changing inventory strategies at customers as well as market share shifts that happen between the smartphone players.  So as far as we are concerned, that we have improved our revenue diversity. We have significantly expanded and strengthened our product portfolio. And we have good design-in activity with all key players, particularly with new products that we have introduced, such as UFS 3.1, LP5, DRAM and multichip packages. So we continue to work with our customer ecosystem to mitigate the effects of this but the particular comments that you heard us talk about on the Huawei front really relate to the actions from U.S. government that had -- last month that has impacted customer reaction, the Huawei reaction to those actions and impacting our outlook in FQ4.
Sanjay Mehrotra: In the May quarter, the FQ3 quarter, that did not -- the action announced last month, did not -- action announced by the Commerce Department last month did not have an effect in FQ3.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So what I can tell you is that Micron itself, in our supply chain operations, has focused on making sure -- given all the considerations around the globe, with all the uncertainties around COVID and COVID containment and COVID spread, Micron itself in its supply chain operations is increasing the inventory for raw materials to make sure that we are well prepared to meet our customer demand. So this trend of higher level of inventory, elevated level of inventory is being talked about and is common in the tech supply chain. And with respect to our specific customers for memory and storage, so as I mentioned earlier, so yes, some customers may have built some inventory given their considerations, their concerns around supply -- potential supply chain disruptions that may occur due to all the COVID related uncertainties as well as, as I pointed out some of the customers in the mobile may have built some inventory given U.S.-China trade tensions and the regulations. So the thing is, these are unprecedented times, uncertain times, not just for us or for the memory industry, but for our customer ecosystem as well. And customers’ inventory strategies are changing, they are adapting as they themselves see how their market trends are evolving and how they want to best address their own inventory position as well.  So this is a changing environment. We continue to work closely with our customers. And we make adjustments as appropriate. And key is to be adaptable and to be agile. And I think we have shown over the course of the first half of this calendar year that we have been really running our operations with tremendous amounts of adaptability and agility and continuing to produce healthy results.
Sanjay Mehrotra: We're not going to break it down here between China and rest of the world. But overall, when we look at it in totality, we continue to see healthy demand trend in cloud in the second half of the year.  And of course, cloud -- when you look at long-term trends, I mean, long-term cloud is still actually in early innings. And long-term trends for cloud are strong. Because AI as well as, 5G, 5G driving more intelligent devices at the edge, growing more data opportunities that really is a virtuous cycle between cloud and intelligent devices at the edge. And then industrial IoT and everything around autonomous and robotics, all of these trends point to growth at the edge as well as in the cloud.  So long-term trends continue to be healthy. Will it ever be a little bit lumpy here or there? Certainly, it can be. But the point is that long-term growth drivers are solid and secular in nature for cloud.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So regarding the equipment fees that you asked, let me be very clear that Micron did receive its equipment in time, because our equipment deliveries were rather early in fiscal Q3 toward our 1z technology RAM and DRAM, and of course, other aspects on demand front as well. So we did not say that equipment deliveries were delayed for us during FQ3. However, it is well known and has been talked about in the industry that given the various challenges due to COVID, such as logistics and transportation related challenges, as well as supply chain challenges, some of the equipment deliveries have been impacted in the industry. And, yes, for us in the future it is possible, given the challenges of COVID that some of our deliveries in the future may get impacted. But in the past we have been in good shape, overall, with respect to our receipt of equipment. Again because timing of most of that equipment delivery was such that we were able to actually escape some of the potential challenges in this regard.  So from a industry point of view, if equipment deliveries get impacted, which has been talked about, there have been reports, equipment suppliers have talked about some of that as well, then obviously that impacts technology transition capabilities and therefore it can impact supply, perhaps some supply growth somewhat lower than pre-COVID expectations due to the difficulty in making sure that the equipment is delivered on time as well as equipment installed and equipment RAM is happening smoothly given all the travel considerations involved as well. So yes, to the extent that affects the supply growth and lessens the supply growth, it obviously impacts the industry supply and demand environment. We've talked about the demand due to COVID in certain pockets certainly has been less, particularly those pockets related to COVID. So we didn’t really comment on the pricing but obviously supply has an important role to play on the pricing front.  Your second piece of the question regarding possible U.S. incentives for semiconductor manufacturing, let me first say that we are pleased that the U.S. administration as well as the Congress is considering incentives for the U.S. semiconductor industry. This just goes to highlight that U.S. semiconductor industry is extremely important to our economy today. Semiconductor really forms the foundation of the economy of the future, and also highlights that the recognition of this importance by the officials in Washington DC, and really it's important that U.S. maintains its global competitiveness and innovation capabilities. So from that point of view we are pleased that there are these considerations. The bill that is being put together of, course a lot of details still has to be worked out and the bills have to be approved. So we will continue to monitor this. And from the point of view of memory, I think important thing is that cost and scale in memory are extremely important considerations. Micron in this regard actually has a well diversified footprint of front-end manufacturing across the globe. You know that we have fabs here in the U.S., in Manassas, Virginia, as well as in Utah and state-of-the-art, best-in-class R&D facility in Boise, Idaho as well. And of course, we have R&D and manufacturing for memory in Asia as well.  So we will continue to monitor these trends, but important considerations are scale, cost and ROI on any investments is important. It's not just about government incentives. It's about managing the business in a healthy fashion, keeping in mind ROI considerations. And above all, it's extremely important that supply growth is managed in a cost effective fashion, but also managed in a fashion to not disrupt the industry, to certainly not disrupt Micron’s supply plans and make sure that supply CAGR is aligned with demand CAGR. So while we welcome these incentives for growth of U.S. semiconductor industry and innovation agenda, we will continue to monitor this in a very disciplined fashion before we make any decisions in this regard. 
Sanjay Mehrotra: So Mehdi, you were breaking up a little bit. However your question is a good question. And of course, as you know, our customer base is extremely well diversified from automotive to data center to PC to smartphones and networking and industrial and consumer customers. So customer requirements with respect to discussions around supply -- and from us they vary. Some of the customers are managing it on monthly basis, some manage it on quarterly basis and there’s some customers we do have supply agreements that extend for a year’s timeframe. Of course, certain pricing decisions, et cetera, I mean are not part of these contracts, they tend to be around supply and discussions around pricing tend to be on an ongoing basis. Auto is an example where the contract can be multiyear contracts and long-term contracts. So, it really varies from market to market and you know that the technology and product mix continues to change as well. So, I think we want to be careful in terms of the length of the contracts that we manage with the customers and we manage I believe the diversity of our customers very well. And our customers value our supply, they are valuing the product portfolio that Micron is delivering. They are recognizing that we are the only company in the world that have NAND, DRAM and 3D XPoint and the ability to bring innovative products and solutions to them, better mix of technologies in them as well and this really positions us uniquely. So our discussions really regarding longer term nature or product roadmaps and supply considerations, weave in all of these various aspects and are built around the roadmaps as well. So things do change in this business and therefore, multiyear contracts are more in the markets that are auto market where more legacy nodes are required to be in production for longer terms. But the parts of the markets where technology and products are moving fast, it's not about multiyear contract there but in varying lengths of contracts depending on the end market customers.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you for asking the question. We are very pleased with our execution in SSDs as we noted that record quarter for us in SSDs and really solid sequential growth in SSDs. And this is happening as we have said before, that during calendar year 2020 we will be expanding our portfolio of SSD solutions, introducing NVMe solutions for client as well as data center markets. And we have said before that as we bring out those new solutions, as we qualify them with those customers, those NVMe solutions, it will give us an opportunity during the course of the year to gain share. And this is what has been happening during the course of this year. With our strong performance in SSDs, we actually have been gaining share. Yet our share is still relatively low and as we continue to bring out new products in the future, and several are underway and several qualifications are underway as well with our customers, we will have ongoing opportunities through the course of next year as well in terms of driving for profitable share gains in the SSD market.  And regarding QLC that you asked about, we are really pleased with our execution on the QLC front as well. We are shipping QLC SSDs in the consumer market as well as we have product offerings that we will be having, drive future opportunity for us on the value side of the PC -- on the OEM front as well. And QLC SSDs are also being used in read intensive applications and replacing 10K HDDs as well. So you see, there are multiple end market applications and opportunities for our SSDs. And we are already more than 10% of our total NAND consumption with respect to QLC and this presents a good opportunity for us. And we fully expect our SSD mix to continue to increase as we bring out more new products over the course of next several quarters.  So, yes, I mean QLC as a mix of SSD percentage will go up for us going forward. 
Sanjay Mehrotra: And let me just add that QLC is obviously an opportunity that instead of three bits per cell, it has four bits per cell. So obviously, once done right and you really have all the borne cost taken care of on the product side, it gives you lower cost and therefore improved profitability opportunity as well. So we are certainly focused on increasing the mix of QLC. At the same time, TLC will remain vast majority of the market for a considerable period of time.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So first of all, I would say on the inventory side, pre-COVID data center customers as well as other customers largely had inventories that had returned to normal levels. And certainly, supplier inventories were at normal level as well pre-COVID. And in the COVID environment, work-from-home environment has driven strong surge in demand on the data center front. And as we mentioned, we expect dimensions to continue to be healthy in the second half for data center as well.  In terms of inventories in the data center market, yes while certain customers may be carrying higher levels of inventory, again for the reason that I’ve mentioned earlier related to their own supply chain considerations, as well as changing environment with respect to the demand. But the point is that compared to 2018 or 2019 environment, customer inventories are really at a much better, much healthier levels. This is not like a 2018, 2019 situation, even if certain customers are carrying some higher levels of inventory, again given the uncertainties around COVID.  And another point I would say is that while COVID does give us lower visibility, and does bring about uncertainty, not just for us, but for our customers as well, cloud is an area where the long-term dimensions, as I mentioned are secular in nature overall. So memory and storage, given the kind of applications that customers, our data center customers, hyperscalers are working on, those are requiring more memory and more storage. So the longer term trend continues to be healthy. In the near term, yes, I mean COVID does have unprecedented amount of challenges, and uncertainty in the entire tech ecosystem and we're doing our best to continue to work with our customers.  Our relationships today, since you were asking about those, are certainly lot closer than they were in the previous timeframe. I would say that even hyperscale customers have become somewhat more sophisticated in terms of understanding the memory dynamics and improving their own supply chain operations. So it's really a two-way relationship. We do work closely together with them.  Having said all of that of course, our visibility cannot be perfect in this area. We continue to focus on working closely with the customers, understanding the requirements and planning our supply chain accordingly. And what also helps is that the markets are quite diverse for us. I mean yes, cloud is a strong driver of growth for the business, but also we are well diversified with strong mobile footprint as well as PC and between DRAM and NAND. And as we talked about, diversified into the gaming side with new gaming consoles coming in, needing more DRAM, twice as much DRAM, the new gaming consoles. So diversity of the business is certainly a helpful factor for us to manage through some of these uncertainties. 
Dave Zinsner: So, well, let me step back to Q3 just for a second. So gross margins, obviously, expanded in the third quarter as well. As I said in the prepared remarks, I'd say that, that was -- the pricing environment in both DRAM and NAND combined with just a richer mix of higher value products, which obviously carry with it better gross margins. From a high value solution perspective, I think we see that again in the fourth quarter that is helping drive an improved outlook for gross margins for the fourth fiscal quarter. CJ, that we don't telegraph pricing and cost out for future quarters. But suffice it to say we take both pricing and cost reductions into account, and obviously the combination of those are pretty favorable. The other thing I would say is in the third fiscal quarter, we did have some expenses associated with COVID-19 both in terms of just increased spending on our part to manage through some disruptions that we had early on. And then on top of that, we did have to move around the back-end production that did increase our tariff expense in the third quarter. So those things we wouldn't expect to happen again in the fourth quarter, which is helping also on the gross margin front in the fourth quarter. 
Dave Zinsner: The one thing to keep in mind is so CapEx spending this year had a fair amount of construction expense. And actually we drove the front-end equipment expense down quite considerably on a year-over-year basis. So as I said in the prepared remarks, it was down more than 40% in both DRAM and NAND. So, we cut back pretty heavily on the front-end equipment side this year. Next year, we would expect some of that to come back. In particular, we're going through a full rotation into our second-generation replacement gate that certainly will drive some cut back increases.  And offsetting that, we'll have to look at construction and see what directionally we want to do there. I think we haven't firmed up on the CapEx plans quite honestly for the year. As you know, we maintain a lot of flexibility around CapEx. We take a hard look at the demand profile of bits over the next few years and we kind of manage the front-end CapEx accordingly to make sure that we're staying aligned with that. So, over the next couple of months, we'll continue to refine our outlook over the next year or two. And I think we'll be able to give you a better picture when we have our fourth quarter earnings announcement.  I would say when we looked at coming in pre-COVID levels on CapEx front for front-end equipment, and now that we look at it now, it certainly has been cut back. And our expectation is that will impact kind of our bit supply in the calendar fourth quarter.
Dave Zinsner: Now, sufficed to say that we didn’t list them as a over 10% customer. So you can make the assumption that it was below 10%.
Dave Zinsner: So linearity of bookings was pretty -- I will call it, pretty linear through the quarter, no surprises. And the mix, of course, as we said data centers showed good strength through the quarter and mobile was a bit weaker than perhaps we were thinking coming into it, but just in terms of linearity. But in general, I would say actually a fairly linear quarter for us. 
