Mark Durcan: Thanks Ernie. In summary, we're heading into the third quarter with a strong market environment and steady progress on our technology initiatives. I'm preleased with our execution and we continue to press forward together on technology, operational and product enablement targets. Our continued progress towards these goals will enable us -- will enable further cost reductions and the opportunity to address higher value-added market segments. Looking to the market as a whole, we see increasing customer interest in Micron playing a more collaborative role in solving design challenges and plan to use this environment to strengthen our relationships with industry partners and customers. As you all know, at our analyst conference in February, I announced my retirement. While the board and I work to identify my successor, I remain fully committed and engaged in leading Micron through this exciting and dynamic period. We will provide further updates on our CEO search as appropriate. Operator, we're now ready to begin Q&A.
Mark Durcan: This is Mark. To date, we've seen no indication of that at all really in any segment. It's true that, in cycles, from time to time, that does happen late in a cycle, but, today, we see continued strong bit growth across almost every end market segment and no real indication of that occurring anywhere, in particular not in specialty, not in mobile, certainly not in the enterprise and server area.
Mark Durcan: This is Mark. A year ago, Harlan, I can't catch that I even recall where we were on 3D NAND yields, but I will tell you we're very happy with where they are for 32 layer MLC and TLC. And again, TLC is the big piece of that. We're where we thought we ought to be and at very mature yields. 64 layer, as we talked about, is a material piece of our bid output late in the year and we're very happy with the progress we're making there and the yields we're seeing on that technology as well.
Mark Durcan: Sure. So relative to bit growth with NAND, that was more statement around what our output profile is going to look like. And of course, we will deploy that output to the end markets that we feel will provide the best opportunity for the Company here as we see the back half of the year unfold. Relative to automotive, it's very similar to what we've been consistently talking about -- driver assist systems, infotainment, a lot of what is required as we move up that autonomous driving food chain and as what are today considered to be advanced features in automotive, the automotive business penetrates mid and lower end cars. So that -- there's nothing particularly unique about what continues to drive that. It's the same unfolding story relative to memory deployment in the automotive sector.
Mark Durcan: Yes. I think you're going to see them very broadly deployed. As we noted, the initial uptakes of that SSD was announced in the early part of December of last year. The uptake has been very strong and we continue to see that growing at a significant rate here as we progress through the calendar year, along with some new features. We have a 5100 SATA drive with PCIE and NVMe coming soon as well, so we think that will help with the proliferation and the expansion of the demand.
Mark Durcan: It's a good question. I think people are looking at the cycle and wondering are we getting long in the tooth, etc.? We start to read stuff about that. We're not seeing that at all. As mentioned, we're not seeing -- really what's driving this cycle when you think about it is broad-based demand across multiple market segments and in particular it's content growth in all of those segments as opposed to particularly strong unit growth in one segment or the other. And so as we look at the market today, it looks very robust from an end market demand and maybe much broader and less unit-driven than we've seen in the past. We also see that the supply, as best we can tell, seems in control relative to demand. And I think, if you think about this cycle versus last cycle, what you saw -- what you saw last cycle was a big chunk of supply come off with the Hynix fire and the reaction with more supply to replace it and so maybe a little less stability than we're seeing this time around. So that's all on the DRAM side. On the NAND side, this HDD replacement cycle is big. We're well into it in client. It's not going to stop in the cloud and enterprise. Mobile storage demand continues to accelerate. And so, again, it's broad-based content growth in all of those end applications and it's supply on the NAND side that's relatively capital-intensive to put in place with complex technology. And so there, again, that all seems like it's in pretty good shape.
Mark Durcan: Again, I think the last cycle was a little different with that instability in supply created by the Hynix fire. I don't know why they would intentionally repeat the mistake from last cycle. They probably are enjoying making good margins. And our view is we just go out and we look at what information is available relative to all the various additions people are making and might be making and what the timeframe that might occur in and then we give you -- you know, what we think that bit growth looks like. And that looks like it's probably actually -- Samsung is actually probably on the low end over the next couple of years relative to what's going on in the industry as a whole. And the industry as a whole is probably a little bit south of where we think demand growth is. So, could it happen? Yes. Why would it happen? I can't forecast that for you.
Mark Durcan: And again, the other thing to keep in mind here is there are some natural impediments. The technology is getting more expensive to deploy. It's getting more difficult. And as we look to the future, we do see trends towards new technologies that might come into place out in time and that may be somewhat of an impediment to people as they think about do I really want to add incremental, significant new wafers to use supply when there may be competing technologies coming.
Mark Durcan: It's a transition primarily from planar to 3D. If it were 100% transition which it's not, that ratio on a square footage basis might be something north of 2-to-1. But we have incremental space as well, so it's not exactly like that.
Mark Durcan: I don't want to put too much specificity around exactly where we will end up at the end of the year on a bit mix, but I will tell you that you will recall, at the analyst day, we shared with you that we believe we were making very good progress on our 1X nanometer yield ramp at that time and that continues to go really very smoothly with a good progress in both Taiwan and Japan. So, we're very happy with the way it's going and we will continue to monitor that and drive it appropriately. I will say also that there's a pretty good suite of products that penetrate a number of different end market segments and those qualifications are going well and those products are looking very robust. And I'm happy with the way that's coming along. From a cost perspective, I think greater than 20% is what we've indicated in the past and that's probably a good place to leave it for now. At the end of the day, it will depend on mix. We've got a lot of different products going in a lot of different segments.
Mark Durcan: It's primarily around mix. We're shipping a lot of high density TLC 3D product versus, previously, we had some lower density products hanging out in some pretty small niches as our volume has gone up and as we've begun to drive more towards some of these higher density cloud type applications. We're doing more those types of products and all of the pricing is down. They are driving some pretty significant cost improvements for us as well. And so, from a margin perspective, that's definitely where we want to be moving through time here.
Mark Durcan: We continue to see, in the lower-end and midtier phones, we continue to see pretty good content growth. Yes, there is more of a concern at the high end in terms of what eventually will people stop taking densities up there, but even at the high end, I think we anticipate some continued growth with 6 to 8 gigabits at the top. But in the lower-tier and mid-tier smartphones, we still see pretty robust growth and so, in aggregate, when we look at mobile, we're thinking in terms of 30% bit growth there this year.
Mark Durcan: It's very different segment to segment, customer to customer. So, I wouldn't say that there is a huge sea change, although clearly there are some customers in this kind of environment that are interested in lengthier relationships.
Mark Durcan: Yes, we're not going to be too specific yet about our QLC plans, but we will confirm that we're happy with the way that technology is progressing. And that's probably all we've got to say for now.
Mark Durcan: We're not going to give you gross margins, as Ernie already indicated unfortunately. We're just not going to go there. But relative to our competitive position on 3D NAND, we feel very good about it. I would direct you back to the comments we made in the slides we showed at the analyst conference a couple of months ago. We're very happy with our 32 layer yields. We're very happy with how we're progressing on our 64 layer spec. And we think we're in the lead position relative to our cost effectiveness and our density and our ability to deliver products at all the [indiscernible].
Mark Durcan: We really don't have an update for you. It's still, in our view, it's 15% to 20% supply growth this year, could actually be less than that if there's less new wafers than we have in our plan. Demand is still 20% plus. Next year, we would be in the teens if we don't get the new wafers.
Mark Durcan: I think the best way -- as best as we going to characterize wafers would be to say it's pretty stable. We're very focused on technology transitions. We're not focused on adding more supply, so we're just utilizing the existing capacity and transitioning it through advanced nodes. We do have white space in both our Fab 16 in Taichung as well as Fab 10X, but we're not planning any capacity additions this year. And if we were to decide we wanted to which I think is unlikely, for us, as for our competitors, there is significant leadtime at the moment for equipment and it would take quite a while to bring that on in the marketplace.
Ernie Maddock: I think, if the question is do we participate in all of the various pieces of automotive end demand, the answer is yes. We're in the drivetrain. We're in the ADAS systems. We're in the infotainment systems and continue to maintain strong market share in all those pieces.
Ernie Maddock: This is Ernie. I think the important thing to bear in mind is, in the estimates that we've provided for supply growth this year of 15% to 20%, you would have to add some wafers to get into that range. Absent those wafer additions, you would be below the low end of that range, based on everything that we know. So, it is not a surprise that wafers are being added, given the forecast that we believe exists from the supply side.
Ernie Maddock: Yes. So, to do that would be predicting a pricing curve which I also think is troublesome business. As we've talked about, right now, the pricing curve is much flatter than you typically see it and the normal sort of rules of thumb as you look at segments continue to be a little bit inverted as we experience this environment that we're in. So, we have -- we never predict that things go up and to the right for an infinite period of time. You would expect that we would be thinking cautiously as we do our internal business planning which we do. We do apply a very consistent methodology to how we look at things, but we'ren't in a position to tell you when we think that the pricing curve would return to any sort of more normalized perspective that we would have from historical reference.
Ernie Maddock: I think we're pretty consistent with what we said at our analyst day. We talked about 50% to 75% of a $1.5 billion number. We're on track for that. We'll do that at a time and a pace of our choosing based upon a wide variety of business circumstances, but we do, as I said in my script, remain committed to this and think that it's an important priority for us.
Ernie Maddock: Certainly, that's the case today. And don't forget we've also talked in the past about how some of our other segments have contracts of longer duration, so you would get the impact of a renewal of those contracts and, generally speaking, that those renewal -- that renewal pricing environment would continue to be favorable as well.
Ernie Maddock: Sure. So, on the SSD side of the house, as we mentioned I think in response to an earlier question, we think we're at the early days of what we're seeing in terms of penetration on our cloud and enterprise SSDs. I think we do have fairly good momentum and traction in clients in OEM. So that is how we're looking at or thinking about what the opportunities are on the SSD side of the house. And then you also saw an increase in the percentage of the DRAM output that went into the server and cloud segment and we see those continuing to increase here or the demand side of it continuing to increase here, with all of the new data center deployments and a pretty strong demand environment for those.
Ernie Maddock: Inotera has always been part of our output and measured in our bit shipments, so the transaction -- the formal closing of the transaction really did not represent an incremental addition to the Company's bit supply.
Ernie Maddock: We've all been able to read every week about what's happened to DRAM exchange with respect to spot pricing and certainly that trend as influenced every single other segment. So I think, as Mark mentioned in his script, while last quarter the pricing was more focused around what was happening in the client and OEM markets, this quarter, the impact of that having extended over time and consistent with our earlier comments been subject to some of these contract renewals, are starting to manifest themselves across mobile, across enterprise and really the full breadth of the DRAM product portfolio.
Ernie Maddock: I think, one, to reiterate something we said earlier, but it is very important, we're really consistent quarter to quarter with how we think about our guidance. So there was no dramatic change from a methodology point of view in that. And I think, John, you actually hit on many of the points that are contributing to that nice uptick in margin. So, first, we do have a broad profile and that allows us to move between segments and really maximize the opportunity between those segments. And as you saw this quarter, we're tilting more to cloud and enterprise which we think represents some good, long term opportunity for the Company. We have system-level solutions that utilize the breadth of the Company's product portfolio in things like MCPs and builds on the capabilities of the Company with things like SSDs. You have a better technology execution or strong technology execution, in terms of where we have been in the past, so the gap is closing. We've been consistently telling you that we think it will close and we're going to continue to make progress in that regard. And then you do have leverage that comes from the scale that we have achieved over the course of the last two or three years as we've made these technology transitions. So, really, I think, to the point you are making, this is not only about pricing. It's about pricing and everything else that we've been working on collectively as a team to deliver broad operational capability into all of our end markets.
Ernie Maddock: Consistent with sort of the ambitious plans we have around the SSD market, I would say the majority of that was attributable to that build-up. And in addition to that, if you are doing a quarter-on quarter compare, Inotera on the DRAM side was not considered part of the inventory in the December quarter -- or sorry, in the prior quarter -- whereas it's currently part of our inventory. So that was really a significant part of the increase on the DRAM side. So, it's those two things.
Ernie Maddock: I think the best way I would guide you do there is we have actually provided what we thought was going to be a fiscal year -- a fiscal year cost-down target for both technologies and we've now given you all of the pieces that you need to compute that. So, that's how I would guide you to come up with your estimate of what you think our cost-downs are going to be.
Ernie Maddock: No, that was representative of what we think will ultimately be reflected in our financial statements.
Ernie Maddock: Again, the 30% was a function of our output and we would direct that output into the various outlets that we have, whether it be the SSD business, the mobile business, etc. So, we will sort of wait and see how that plays out here as we get to the back half of the year.
Ernie Maddock: Again, I'd kind of refer you back to the full-year guidance that we provided which was rather specific. We have now completed two quarters of that year and we've given you a view of the back-half bit growth. So I think we've given you all the building blocks that you need to derive a gross margin profile and that's not something that we typically share. And operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Ernie Maddock: This is Ernie. Before we close, I wanted to share with everyone that Ivan is going to be transitioning out of his IR role into another role here at Micron and I wanted to personally express my appreciation to him for his support of the Company during his tenure in IR, including bringing me up to speed which was quite challenging, I'm sure. We will miss him very, very much. We're in the process of determining how best to fill his shoes, but in the interim, Liz Morali will be the primary IR contact point. And with that, we will say thanks again for your participation and we'll talk to you next quarter.
