Mark Durcan: Thanks, Kipp. We had another outstanding quarter benefiting from strong market demand as well as solid operational execution. Our revenue was just under $4 billion while gross margins were stable at 34%. We had very strong free cash flow at $880 million based on operating cash flow of $1.46 billion less CapEx of $576 million. I’d like to spend some time touching on a few key areas of focus as we wrap up fiscal 2014 and continue preparing for fiscal 2015 and our brief industry update. Ron Foster will follow with a financial summary. And before turning to Q&A, we will close our prepared comments with Mark Adams covering additional details of our operational performance and market conditions. Key focus areas for the management of the remainder of this year and for 2015 include completion of the planned 25-nanometer DRAM conversion, beginning the 20-nanometer DRAM ramp, this is critical to improving our relative cost position, active management of our DRAM product mix as we balanced servicing demand growth in categories such as server or mobile while also maximizing our margin profile across other long-term strategically important segments, continued execution of our ongoing and capital efficient 16-nanometer planar NAND conversion, investment in tools and engineering resources to support the initial deployment and ramp of our innovative 3D NAND technology, increased sales of 16-nanometer TLC NAND-based products, growth of a robust enterprise SSD product portfolio, continued development of our capability to deliver higher value system level solutions, including investments in advanced packaging and controllers and investment in newly emerging memory technologies to ensure we remain at the cutting edge of innovation. As you can tell, we do not plan to rest on our laurels. For 2015, as well as for the longer term, we will continue to be measured and prudent in our capital spending and we will also maintain flexibility to regulate capital expenditures based on the return profile of the investment, including of course the impact of any change in market conditions. And we will provide more detail on our specific CapEx plans at a later date, but as we work through finalizing our plans for 2015, it is notable that an increasing amount of our spend will be targeted towards non-supply related investments. These include investments for tooling and alternative memories, advanced test and packaging capability and additional system level product capabilities, including those for controllers and SSDs. We will also be aligning our Micron Memory Japan and Micron Memory Taiwan toolsets with other fabs around the world in support of enhanced operational efficiency. We have no plans to expand wafer production and we expect the big growth we generate from technology in calendar 2015 will be in line with growth for the market for DRAM, which we are forecasting in the low to mid 20% range and in line with growth for the market for NAND, which we are forecasting in the low 40% range. Our long-term outlook for memory industry conditions also remains favorable. The supplier base is consolidated in DRAM and stabilized in NAND and we believe that in both markets, the industry is in a stage of maturity such that each supplier has sufficient scale to compete. Driven by a slowing rate of technology migration, supply bit growth trends have stabilized at a level below historical average. There appear to be only limited additions of new wafer capacity on the horizon. Applications requiring memory continue to grow and our customer base continues to diversify. We remain committed to delivering differentiated and system level products to meet the needs of this increasingly interesting and valuable market. We continue to forecast long-term demand in line with or above supply for DRAM. Similarly for NAND, beyond 2014, we expect the industry’s supply growth to remain in a similar range. Although as 3D production becomes more predominant heading into 2016, we may see a slowdown in supply growth given the technology complexity and additional clean room space required. We expect long-term NAND demand to be in balance relative to the supply going forward. I will stop here and turn over to Ron and Mark before turning for Q&A.
Mark Durcan: Yes, so this is Mark. There has been ongoing activity in this area over a number of quarters, including as you know the most recent one. We continue to grow our businesses methodically and organically as well as look at a number of inorganic opportunities over time. When we see one that we think is a good fit for Micron, we will execute on it, but we are not going to comment in advance on which ones those might or might not be and we are certainly not going to comment on acquisitions by any of our competitors.
Mark Durcan: For the year of fiscal ‘14, the number that I gave you was 2.8 to 3.2, that’s over $1 billion of capital fourth quarter as you have observed. It’s just timing of payment schedules, but within the range that we have been guiding for a number of quarters now. And in terms of the breakdown, it’s heavier to DRAM. It’s probably 40% DRAM, 30% NAND and the remainder in a bunch of other areas, including R&D.
Mark Durcan: Yes, Monika, we are not – we have commented on previous call that we would have more to say about that later in the year and we are not planning to make any announcements as to explicitly when we might sample or announce any products in that area. We have said that we believe that this is going to be a material impact on the industry in the second half of 2015 and we wouldn’t change that guidance today.
Mark Durcan: Yes. And I think it’s – let me add a little bit to that, Mark, it’s really hard to look at the NAND business today and the changes coming with 3D NAND technology and say makes a lot of sense to make large investments in planar NAND. So, I think to the extent some of our competitors have issues with 3D NAND technology. I wouldn’t expect to see anybody go in and backfill out with incremental planar NAND, I would just expect the market to be a little tighter as competitors work through that situation.
Mark Durcan: This is just a big, big space to cover. When you start think about stores and all the places it goes and all the end applications and interfaces you have got, you got mobile applications, you got client, you got data center, you got hardened enterprise, you got UFS, you got PCIe, you got SaaS, you got SATA, it’s a lot of engineering resources across a broad spectrum to service all those system-level solutions. And so the answer is yes, all of the above. Micron needs incremental controller resources in all those areas, firmware and software resources to support those incremental controller resources and we are working at all of those areas both organically and inorganically and will continue to do that. So, stay tuned, but we are not going to broadcast in advance exactly what we may or may not do.
Mark Durcan: Well, I don’t want to forecast too far in the future, but Doug, I think you have identified a potential benefit downstream as we remember, Elpida was on a roadmap to 25-nanometer upon the acquisition. And we have obviously continued in parallel with the 20-nanometer investment on the R&D line. I think out in the future as the market warrants and dictates from a financial return perspective, you can envision us getting to a single architecture out beyond 20-nanometer.
Mark Durcan: Yes, it could, Doug, but keep in mind we are also making investments in storage-class memories and advanced system-level solutions etcetera. So, I think the nature of R&D is going to change. We are not as focused on driving that R&D line down as we are making sure that we are deploying whatever capital we do spend or whatever corporate resources we do allocate to R&D that we use them effectively and efficiently.
Mark Durcan: Well, we feel pretty good about where we are at. We certainly are long-term believers in the growth of NAND demand. And as we learn more about what the elasticity of demand there is, I would think that it’s more likely that market is going to outgrow the ability to service it with existing capacity than it is in DRAM. And so while we are pretty happy with our mix today we don’t think in terms of flipping capacity back and forth on a go forward basis. I think we are kind of at least under today’s conditions happy with the mix we have got and we will look at dialing our mix between different segments within NAND and DRAM and we will look over time at having the right capacity. More likely, that’s going to be in NAND and DRAM as we move through time.
Mark Adams: Well, I think as you have identified, it really is obviously all mix-driven for us. Some of which is related to some of the specialty markets lagging in the pricing catch-up relative to the PC segment. One of the things we have stated on prior calls is that each of these businesses is obviously very unique with a unique set of customers and we are committed to all the markets. We have seen tremendous server growth and we expect that to continue to improve over time, but in general what we are just seeing is a mix effect drive, basically a stable pricing relative to where we are today.
Mark Adams: Yes. I mean, a range to expect on TLC at a bit level somewhere between a 15% to 20% improvement. And as we are not specifying the actual table, we look to be in the market not just with components in the early part of the calendar year, but we should have a strong SSD play in the later part of the first half.
Mark Adams: Right now, the commitments we are looking at somewhere between 90 days and six months. And mind you, we are pretty careful about this, because these agreements have to be favorable for us over the long-term and so we have to lock in both the capacity supply piece of it as well as the pricing. And so we do these where we have confidence that the long-term relationship will drive the right behavior between both parties.
Mark Adams: It’s really going to start out more in server upfront. And we will only do this and our current plan has us generating higher margins in this DDR4 category and we will – we certainly won’t do it, if it’s margin adverse. And we feel pretty confident we are going to drive differentiation with our customers and allow them to drive performance. And so right now that’s where our plan has and we feel pretty confident we are going to drive to that result.
Mark Adams: We have locked some but not a majority. And we have looked at each of them on their own merit in terms of the value of the relationship that we are able to drive in terms of portfolio of our products as well as market access.
Mark Adams: We still are very bullish on enterprise DRAM opportunities for us. And if you look at the server bit growth, I mean, I don’t have the exact number in front of me, but within the last two years, we were somewhere on the 150 million gigabit equivalents per quarter. I just stated that we were up 30% quarter-over-quarter, that was slightly below 500 million gigabit equivalents and that continues to grow in the server DRAM business and we think it’s going to continue to grow. Really, the density per box is a big differentiator in terms of performance. And we also think the hyper scale cloud and data center growth is just going to continue for the foreseeable future. And the enterprise business, we obviously continue to see growth there as well in the end markets. We also see that we feel it’s early. And there is different formats. There is hybrid drives, there is obviously SaaS and PCIe and we think we are at the beginning of a long game there with a lot of exciting opportunities and we continue to invest that way.
Mark Adams: Let me jump in a little bit on the server piece. Clearly, there is very strong demand there and we have been – we have had more than our fair share of that segment in the market for long time based on service levels and quality levels etcetera. As we look at each of these segments though, as Mark has commented, we are going to be careful to make sure that we are looking at the long-term ramifications of the relationship with all those customers as well as optimizing our margins going forward. So, it’s not just a matter of growing share in the fastest growing segments, it’s a matter of balancing that with the return for the company as well.
Mark Adams: Well, thanks for the question. I think you identified one element to the equation. The primary driver, as I mentioned in my comments earlier was that we started to get back into the SSD game in scale and as that BOM cost includes all of the SSD build material, so that impacts cost that we classify under NAND as well as what you mentioned is that the – while going very well, we don’t set to get the full cost benefit until future quarter.
Mark Adams: We tend to not want to give that data from a competitive perspective. It is just with the best way to take a look at it is to take a look at quarter-by-quarter the volume on SSD and how that might trend relative to cost per gigabit.
Mark Adams: Yes, sure. So, firstly, as I commented on, we think the enterprise market is a very attractive market for the enterprise storage devices and continue to make investments in building out capabilities around our controller team, our firmware team. We have had a very good entry in the PCIe enterprise storage class products and great performance there and we continue to grow and continue to invest in SaaS as well. So, we believe that we will grow that business accordingly and be successful in that business. Secondly, as I commented on my earlier comments, we are continuing to drive and accelerate to a TLC roadmap that takes advantage, the cost advantages there. And I would say finally, we believe that beyond SSDs, the mobile market for NAND will be a good contributor for overall margins over the long-term and that’s really how we collectively look at this business. We are in this business for long-term. We are going to make these investments and drive overall, our capacity strategy and end-market product roadmaps that way.
Mark Adams: It’s probably hard to speak for our competitors in that way, but I would say that our intent is to keep going down the path we are. We have stated in Mark’s comment we have got a plan in place that we are not making any changes to that plan today and as we look at industry demand over that period, we will consider matching up our customer requirements, but in general, we are on a plan with the current 3D strategy is not going to really affect our planar output.
Mark Adams: Sure. So, today, as you know, we have got 25-nanometer product, about roughly 30% of our mobile DRAM is on 25-nanometer. Today, very little is in the PC DDR3 space on 25-nanometer. Going forward, obviously that will shift and improve in terms of the mix on the 25-nanometer node. And remember, as Inotera has probably stated, they are going to bypass 25-nanometer and go directly to 20-nanometer and we expect – and we can’t speak to them, but we expect them to be out in the early part of 2015 with early volumes and customer qualification and meaningful volumes in the back half of 2015. And then over time, we will begin the migration of our capacity that way as well.
Mark Adams: Well, maybe I could start with the question on market access and what we think is working. Remember, there are two dynamics that were going on over the last two quarters. So, when I commented on in the April call about this, one of which is we were obviously converting new capacity to NAND in our Singapore Fab 7 and that material need to get qualified with our major customers. In addition, we were also shifting from 20-nanometer and 25-nanometer drives to new product development on 15-nanometer and 20-nanometer high end drives. That transition at the time of the Singapore fab slowed our growth not necessarily driven by market growth, but driven by our ability to get customers quals and our products ramped at the right time. You saw the improvement in Q3 and that’s really – it should highlight that our access to the market is pretty strong. Our customers are relying and we drove pretty good results, but so it wasn’t something that I would say that we change behaviorally, it was just some transition in both technology and where the capacity was coming from. And we feel pretty confident we will continue to grow. On the TLC side, I would say that we are now confident with our internal testing that we can drive high capacity TLC into solid-state market. We were also positioned as a performance even on the client side, a high-end performance high-quality drive with our OEM customers and we want to make sure we were able to drive the right volume and the investments in TLC. And we think with our 16-nanometer roadmap we can do so, and as I said, as I commented earlier, we will get there probably by – from a drive format by spring of 2015.
Mark Adams: I think it’s a little bit of both. The controller piece has to handle obviously the error correction element of TLC and that’s a little bit different, but I think the reliability of the TLC and the actual testing of it internally in our development, early stage modeling has got us to higher comfort level.
Mark Adams: Yes. I am happy to do that. And let me just clarify, in the past we have actually included in our SSD revenue capacity we have sold to third-party SSD companies. And we are no longer going to do that. The best way to think about our SSD share today is that of overall NAND, SSD is roughly about 20% and that’s up from 12% last quarter. And again for competitive reasons, I just don’t want – I don’t feel comfortable breaking out the enterprise client mix.
Mark Adams: Well, I think it’s fair to say that it will continue to grow. We don’t want to set any numbers on the call, but it will be an upward growth from here.
Mark Adams: It’s really a function of our growth and our scale on getting big in some OEM sockets in terms of the SSD qualification and future business commitment. And the second piece on the margin question, as I mentioned, we are now getting 16-nanometer in volume obviously and that ramp is on the front end of the cost benefit curve that we would see in future quarters.
Mark Adams: Well, it’s again we try to avoid forecasting going into that kind of out in the future. We will continue – guys, we are going to continue to drive performance in this business. And we think we have got line of sight on the key fixes to drive better performance over the long-term.
Mark Adams: Okay. So, in terms of where we are in terms of leading-edge production for NAND, we are relatively light relative to we were 3% in the prior quarter and roughly of more or less, less than 20% in the – in Q4 we are projecting on 16-nanometer. So, we are still ramping the technology in this product and SSD is probably behind that as an overall mix.
Ron Foster: Mehdi, what I broke was that I gave you the DRAM outlook including the margin trend and the NAND outlook including margin trend. In fact just to comment on that for a minute and then I gave you another piece which I will elaborate on. On the NAND margin trend, we actually indicated we were going to probably be down a couple of points Q2 to Q3 and we are actually flat. We are now thinking we will be down a couple of quarters predominantly mix driven, just so you know where that tie-in comes. But as you look at the total Q4 trend, we gave you the DRAM pieces, the NAND pieces where we think will be down a couple of points. And then there is a $30 million effect related to some expected sell-through of legacy technology inventory in the fourth quarter. And that will be basically – float out in the third quarters, but I wanted to call that out, because it’s a somewhat unique effect. It’s a technology required from our Numonyx acquisition and we will be replacing that with new emerging technology over time, but we did have some legacy inventory that we are selling off and that’s related to a specific approach to phase change that we are no longer pursuing in favor of other variance of the technology. So that $30 million is in addition to the guidance on NAND and DRAM I gave you.
Ron Foster: Yes. So, it’s just mainly timing quarter-to-quarter and variation, but the way we normally recognize CapEx is when we pay it. So, when we actually pay it per vendor agreements. And typically, those vendor agreements have qualification process just to enable them to be available for production. So, it’s a function of when they are available for production and we pay according to our vendor agreements. So, yes as we go forward, that will certainly contribute to what Mark and Mark have been commenting about with bit growth trends over time as well as migrating some of the new product technology areas, but it can vary based upon the qualification scheduling of the technologies and the individual machines. Keep in mind as Mark also mentioned, we have got a number of investment going on in other areas such as 3D NAND technology and it has a little bit different timeline etcetera. So, there is a lot going on inside, Micron. The timing, quarter-to-quarter, tends to vary around, but I gave you the full year view and that was about where we thought we would be for the year, just some slipped out of the third quarter into the fourth, a little bit more than planned.
Ron Foster: Sure, Joe. Obviously, the market is pretty favorable right now with regard to straight debt. We did one of the early offerings in our rating class for high-yield debt and it turned out extremely well. We basically got an investment grade covenants and very close to investment grade pricing. Since that time, the market has got even better. We never know how long that will hold, but it’s a very good environment today especially for Micron. So, we will be watching it closely and making moves as we think they are prudent over time in terms of our overall mix. But as I mentioned in general, we will be trending towards more high-yield given the current condition in rates and pricing and less in convert. We will continue to move on those over time as well to reduce them.
