Kipp Bedard: Thanks, Mark. Before we take questions from callers, I would like to turn the call back over to Ron for just one quick clarification.
Kipp Bedard: Thanks, Ron, and happy to follow up on that with any questions as well, but with that we would like to take questions from callers. Just a reminder, if you are using a speaker phone, please pick up the handset when asking a question so we can hear you clearly.
Kipp Bedard: Thanks, Dean. With that, we would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you will please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language. During the course of this call, we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on the call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent 10-Q and 10-Ks. Thank you.
Ron Foster: Thanks, Kipp. I had one correction I want to make sure we got out there before questions and that is in the DRAM Q2 guidance, as you can see from the schedule we filed on the website, our cost per bit is projected in the second quarter to be down high-single digits, DRAM cost per bit.
Ron Foster: Yes, I mean that's right on. The actual impact on ASPs is not necessarily favorable but overall impact on margin is favorable.
Ron Foster: Yes. In terms of overall and as Mark mentioned, we did some timing differences quarter-to-quarter in terms of trends. For example our legal costs vary. If you see our guidance, Q2 is a little bit up from Q1, and also we have wafer qual cost timings that shift around and varied a little bit in Q1, came in lower in Q2 is probably more on a trend line just in terms of the near term views . In term of forward-looking cost structure, I think if you look at it as a percent of revenue, the way we are currently performing, we’ve talked about OpEx being in a 15% range and I think we can structurally run well below that going forward given current market conditions in SG&A would be commensurately lower as well, so on an absolute dollar standpoint, I wouldn't expect to see significant changes, but I do think as a percent of revenue we can trend in the range we are running now.
Ron Foster: Yes, let me maybe approach it like I did on the DRAM side, I will hit some big buckets for you, and again we don't necessarily include embedded, so that will be embedded applications within some of these different categories, but with that being said, Q1 SSDs would be around 50%. the consumer which includes channel and CPG for us is around 30%, mobile will be in the mid-teens. And then again, networking, storage, and AIM will make up the balance.
Ron Foster: I think in general, we feel that we will improve our mix relative to the market after Q2. We are going, obviously, through a transition. I mentioned in my earlier comments about the output at our Fab 7 trying to align that to customer quality, and it is probably another three to six months dynamic ongoing. The other part that is worthy of note is that there is a natural ASP degradation, you are shifting SSDs to components. It might not be as much of a margin hit as much as ASP going down to the Bill of Materials lower and all that. So you have got the Fab 7 dynamic and just the mix dynamic that contribute to what assumes to be a decline in ASPs.
Ron Foster: Vijay, on the yen and hedging question, I also make a couple of comments, see if I hit your point and ask for clarification if you want to go somewhere else with it. We use natural hedges in our Japan and Taiwan largely to protect our balance sheet along with some yen based forward contracts to protect us on our yen and our largest exposure as you probably know relates to a ¥140 billion creditor payments scheduled out over the next few years in Japan, so we use those hedging approaches, largely natural hedges, but some forward contracts to cover that. Another data point I might just mention is on operating cost structure of one yen change in the yen-dollar rate will affect our operating cost quarterly in the neighborhood $5 million to $7 million just as a reference.
Ron Foster: Just to add to that, Mark, as I think you numerically observed, but to be clear the current margins are pretty darn close to the same Q2. We might have a little bit of shift related to mix as Mark Adams commented about etcetera, but that's a short-term phenomenon so there's not a huge difference between the two right now.
Ron Foster: We do. When you think about coming online with a Fab 7 or anytime you bring on new capacity out of a fab, your customer qualification process is somewhat timely around their only products, so as we go through that our early output tends to go into more commodity homes in the short-term and as Ron just noted, it hasn't dramatically hit our margin in Q1. So we are in the process of qualifying major OEMs on this output and we think the timeframe is roughly three to six months that will get us back to a more stable margin profile that we can drive the right capacity into the right sockets.
Ron Foster: Sure, Steven. With regard to the Yen, if you are talking about our forward view, Q1 to Q2, we don't typically assume any exchange rate changes in our outlooks as we give guidance going forward, if that's what you were looking for.
Ron Foster: In terms of your question on Elpida cash margins, we are not going to give any more detail on Elpida specifically other than as we mentioned we met or in general, exceeded our projections we gave in August and that was a pretty good outcome in terms of flowing that through our business and getting it combined with overall Micron.
Ron Foster: So Dean, this is Ron. In terms of the Inotera structure, we don't get into a lot of details on it, but as I think we have commented, it's an averaging pricing mechanism looking at past three months on a moving average basis. So there is a lag defect as that flows through and then in general, we neutralize differences in mix so that we have the complete flexibility to move whatever products where we want in our system. So it doesn't have an difference fundamentally in our pricing or transfer pricing as a result of mix.
Mark Adams: The key Glen is both the ASP is down and costs are down, and the spread between the two is better than our average, hence a higher gross margin.
Mark Adams: We don't see any of that today, Glen. We certainly anticipate that that fab is eventually going to come back into full production. We see it happening maybe in a more measured way than some have prognosticated, but certainly with tight industry inventory today and some of the changes we are already making from DRAM towards NAND, we are not expecting any significant shock to the market or the system.
Mark Adams: Yes. Our guidance for the year is still intact. As I mentioned, the same range $2.6 billion to $3.2 billion, so there will be quarterly differences.
Mark Adams: Okay. On a DRAM gigabyte basis - I am just going to pick some of the bigger categories, personal systems Q1 was about 40%, mobile was in the mid-30% range, server was in the mid-teens, and then the rest would be captured in networking and AIMM.
Mark Adams: That's right. We were over 50% in the quarter completed and the timing is still potentially variable, but I would look for that to complete out in first half of this calendar year.
Mark Adams: Sorry. Assuming no changes and as you know we have always maintained the flexibility there to make changes depending on market conditions, but as sit today, we anticipate completing that out in an orderly fashion.
Mark Adams: I think there is some opportunity there over time. It came in a little under primarily, I think, in this current quarter we had some reduced legal expenses that were contributors to that, but on a go forward basis our focus on the R&D line right now is to make sure we make all the investments we need to support the business both from technology transition perspective as well as from a system-level solution enablement perspective, and so we are not looking to drive that down in a big hurry. On the SG&A front, I will let Ron comment.
Mark Adams: Yes. I can do that for you. In Q1, we don’t -- I am not going to be able to do that for you. Well, we just don't track them quite like that.
Mark Adams: You know, we do. We think that the overall PC market feels like it's stabilizing a bit. At least from our customers' perspectives. The demand is pretty robust, as I mentioned earlier, quarter-to-date and we think that the balancing between that, not just the smartphone segment, we have got pretty good inroads into, what I would say, is the utility smartphone business that our customer breadth there is allowing us to diversify away. So we are not so heavily concentrated in the smartphone segment itself. So we don't necessarily feel that we are overly exposed to that dynamic you are referring to, post Wuxi coming back on. We feel pretty comfortable where we are at on the customer engagement model and what the customers are asking from Micron from a capacity standpoint.
Mark Adams: On the packaging side, Elpida certainly has their own approach to packaging. So as we look at Micron going forward, we are drawing up our own strategy in terms of an internal and external approach, a hybrid approach to how we are assuming our product needs. A good way of thinking about this, or rather a simple way of thinking about it is, for some of the higher touch, higher value add products and applications more of that will be done in-house. And as we evaluate future opportunities, some of our more commoditized low-end business PC, mobile application, where they don't require a lot of touch and development will probably use some outside third-party to get that done.
Mark Adams: That's right. I am sorry about that. Yes, when I made the comment earlier, we are still on track and optimistic that a late Q1, early Q2 for production samples for 2014.
Mark Adams: Well I can tell you little bit about how we see it. I think we think from 3-D volume perspective, we think it will be, for us, a broad spectrum of application usage. We are looking to, obviously, enable it in the high end and use it to our advantage to drive enterprise but the way we have architected our products is going to allow us to cover a full breadth. We think volume is probably back half of 2015 for 3-D and thus we think that where we are in our development, we are on track to do that.
Mark Adams: Our design allow us to focus on a couple of key markets that we view as kind of high value for the sockets, but are limited into where we can take this over the long-term.
Mark Adams: The way you have asked the question, the way we look at it, there are some parts of the NAND that have remained very strong and robust and there are some that have shown some of the weakness you are talking about. Some of that by the way is pretty natural out of the holidays, but it's not as severe as prior years necessarily. We also see some people who are exposed in the NAND business in the mobile market getting a little more aggressive with that capacity and the low-end client business, quite frankly, we are not going to play that game. In addition to moving the components to other application segments, we don't necessarily want to sell our business just to compete the market share perspective, where other people are trying to grab share on pricing, so independent of the Fab 7 dynamic I mentioned earlier, overall it's not bad NAND business, it's just there is pockets of weakness coming out of the holiday and with some softness where people are exposed.
Mark Adams: Well, as we commented on earlier, the way we plan our business is basically with a full Wuxi fab capacity in the market. As Mark Durcan commented on earlier, we have got kind of bit of a shift in dynamic with certainly Wuxi coming on at some point. We don't know when that is, but some point in the future but offset partially by our continued Fab 7 conversion. If you put that altogether and balance with industry up at about mid-20% range of DRAM bit growth of the year, we think that's in line. We don't think that's going to drive a significant oversupply in the market and we think the customer see that too, so as customers look for 2014 sourcing, as they think about kind of when Wuxi may or may not come online, they are trying to lock up capacity and commitment and are going to make it through as - future calendar 2014.
Mark Adams: We don't want to get into detail, but it's kind of over a longer period. The intent was to secure output over a long cycle, not in a specific quarter for example.
Mark Adams: Well, let me answer your first question. It was a sample on the M500 DC product. It was based on our 20 nanometer technology. As we look at it, as I mentioned in terms of the NAND behavior in terms of ASPs and market, on the higher density in the enterprise market obviously we would like to drive as much of our capacity to that segment. Where customers who have got exposure into the high end smartphone business have capacity, what we are seeing is some aggressive pricing in the client business and we are going to take a look at that versus our retail business which is doing pretty well, and versus our component business and versus other application segments, so we don't necessarily want to go head-to-head and try to compete truly on price in the client business. If you look at our client business, on its own merit, our average densities in client are much higher than the market and because we are trying to keep that above, what I would say, the trading client business, which again you have got a lot of capacity in the high end smartphone business that's exposed, you might be bit more aggressive in the [business].
Mark Adams: Sure. I don't think there is anything alarming to the process. I think what the comments on integration are that the teams is coming together, they are working pretty well. Of course, we have got the 25-nanometer ramp ongoing as well, as I talked about, second half of the year 20-nanometer product in the market. So as it relates to the focus of the team and just the timeliness of the integration efforts with engineering teams coming together, the marketing organizations coming together, looking at market segment optimization with that team as part of Micron has actually been very helpful for us because of the dynamic between the mobile and computing bit optimization we talked about from an ASP and wafer, our perspective. So a lot of normal stuff in integration that we feel pretty positive about and I think the customers see the breadth and the opportunity for flexibility in our portfolio whether it would be in the mobile portfolio or the pure computing portfolio.
Mark Adams: Yes. I am sorry. This is Mark Adams. We continue to be very bullish on the server market, really primarily for two reasons. One, which is the applications driving at the data center, cloud computing dynamic, coupled with as much DRAM as they can put in the servers they are putting into the bit growth in servers last year continues to play into this year's numbers and we are seeing significant bit growth in the 50% to 60% range in the server market. So we feel pretty good about that business and it has been very stable and we have been capturing more share quarter-over-quarter for five to six quarters and starting to get in the and setting server market records.
Mark Durcan: I think there's one clarification on CapEx just in general. As we move into more systems and solutions, some of that CapEx is going to things that don't influence capacity necessarily. Some of it goes into things around packaging technology and assembly technology that's allowing us to build these systems and solution.
Mark Durcan: Well, we are acquiring talent across the spectrum to support those system level solutions. So you will note, in the last quarter we brought in some more senior leadership in the controller area with Brian Angell. We also brought in Tom Snodgrass in the system level storage solutions area and we will continue to bring in people up and down the organization whether they are software folks, firmware folks or hardware folks to support those efforts.
Mark Durcan: Thanks, Mark. It's a good question and one which obviously we think a lot about. I think the key here is we want to be careful we don't optimize a short-term at the expense of a long-term and we will continue to look at what the exact right balance is, but we think in terms of some of our challenges right now relative to NAND as we bring this new capacity online are more short-term oriented relative to enabling the customer socket and getting the product placed in the right place as opposed to a long-term supply/demand phenomenon. When we look at the long-term dynamic for NAND, we still think that's going to be pretty robust, so we will obviously keep a close eye on it and we do have flexibility, but as I mentioned earlier, our trajectory today is to continue to move towards closing that out in an orderly fashion over the next year.
Mark Durcan: So let me try and characterize. Obviously, early on, as with any new technology, we are going to pick a couple of applications first, as Mark Adams mentioned a moment ago. Our technology, I think, as you look at different suppliers in the marketplace, different suppliers are taking different approaches to 3-D NAND technology. Some of them, as I think you are implying Monika, have limited performance on certain planes or parameters. Micron's technology, we believe, is more generally applicable to the full swap of applications currently being serviced by planar NAND. So we expect over time we will roll our 3-D NAND across the spectrum. And yes, of course, we believe, over time it will be significantly more cost effective than planar NAND given the scale that goes on with 3-D NAND.
Mark Durcan: Well, it's tough to pin that because we have to say what we mean by volume and all the details associated with that but yes, we believe it's a 2015 phenomenon for production ramp on 3-D NAND and significant in the marketplace, probably more or so in the second half than the first half.
