Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Mark. In the last several months, we have seen a dramatic drop in demand. Micron has responded quickly to reduce our CapEx and supply output, and we are taking strong enterprise-wide actions to control our expenses. We have increased liquidity on our balance sheet and adjusted our operational plans. While the environment remains challenging, we currently expect second half fiscal 2023 revenue to improve from the first half. We are confident that the broad advantages enabled by data-centric technologies will create long-term growth for our industry and expect the total available market to reach approximately $300 billion by 2030. Thank you for joining us today. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So Tim, I would like to point out that what we said is that our DRAM supply growth would be slightly negative in fiscal year '23. So not mid- to single high single digits -- supply growth for Micron would be negative. That's because we have taken the actions. We are taking the actions in terms of supply -- wafer output reduction reducing supply through underutilization in the fab. And as you know, we have also CapEx reduction. We have pushed out our 1-beta DRAM production in the fab so that we can bring our supply closer to demand. So the industry is oversupplied, and we do believe that actions need to be taken as reflected in Micron's actions with respect to supply reduction. And of course, the rate and pace of the industry supply cuts would affect the recovery of the industry in terms of bringing supply and demand balance closer together. So look, I mean, we cannot specifically comment with respect to the -- our competitors. But what we can tell you is that if the industry supply is -- supply growth in calendar year '23 is negative, and for DRAM and flattish for NAND, it will accelerate the recovery in the industry.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, C.J. Of course, Micron is in a strong technology position. We feel very good about our technology capabilities and our road map. Our -- if you look at our 1-alpha DRAM that compared to our prior 1-z node gave us a 40% bit efficiency gain per wafer. And now if you look at our 1-beta, industry, you would expect less, but what you see in our 1-beta node is a 35% improvement in terms of bit efficiency per wafer versus our 1-alpha node. And our 1-beta DRAM node is well designed for D5, DDR5 deployment as well with good performance and good power efficiency improvements over prior products. So it's really 1-beta is a very good node when you compare it to any other even EUV nodes that are out there in the industry. So it's an industry-leading node. We are well positioned with our 1-beta node. And of course, our 1-gamma node will be well positioned as well. And we are timing the production of these nodes to maximize the ROI in our R&D and manufacturing. And of course, to bring supply and demand in balance overall and keeping in mind the longer-term CAGR for DRAM growth and adjusting our technology cadence accordingly. So I think we are managing our technology node development and manufacturing plans our supply plans in a highly responsible fashion, and we'll be well positioned with our technology. And same thing on NAND side, our 232-NAND is in very good shape. Both 1-beta and 232-layer NAND in terms of cost, in terms of quality and in terms of, of course yields, we are well positioned with them and continuing to work with customers in qualifying those products. So not only just 1-beta and 232 layer, we feel good about our technology road map, capabilities and position with our plans for 1-gamma and the node beyond the 232-layer in NAND. And just to point out that Micron, I was recently talking to a leading customer and executive there, and the customer was facing Micron's as being the best in the industry. And same kind of accolades we get from customers on LP5, on GDDR6 on our QLC NAND. And of course, we are broadening our portfolio of products too. So not only with respect to technology, we are well positioned. I think we are well positioned with respect to our product momentum as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So inventories with data center customers including cloud is higher than what we thought. So that inventory adjustment has begun, and it has some wood to chop in that area. And of course, the end demand for cloud operations that are driven by consumer-related activities given the overall consumer environment and the macro trends, some portions of cloud and demand may be weaker as a result of that as well. And also in the macro environment that exists today, there is -- given the higher interest rates and other macro trends, companies do become somewhat cautious in terms of managing their overall expenses and any long-term agreements, et cetera. So that can impact some of the current environment for end demand in cloud. But what I would like to point out is that digitization trends ultimately do remain positive. Cloud definitely helps drive that efficiency that businesses seek in an environment like this. We do absolutely expect that once we get past the current macroeconomic environment and macroeconomic weakening, longer-term trends for cloud will remain strong. In terms of the current environment, yes, inventory adjustments and some impact of cloud and demand weakening as well. that's impacting our overall data center outlook.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Well, of course, the markets where DRAM and NAND are well diversified. PC is one of the markets. And we already talked about the decline in PC units. Actually, in calendar year '22, high teens decline in PC units. This is the sharpest decline in the history of the PCs, and smartphones, another area where unit sales of smartphones globally down 10% as well. And that, too, historically, in terms of a decline is high. So these are, of course, impacting the end consumer demand and then inventory adjustments on top of it impacting the demand. And of course, as I spoke about earlier, that inventory adjustments are happening in other parts of the market as well. I think with respect to our outlook for next year in terms of demand, we expect about 10% demand growth for DRAM in calendar year '23. And when you look at mid-single digits, low- to mid-single-digit demand growth in '22 and approximately 10% in '23 that over a two-year time period is really significantly lower growth rate compared to the years in the past, the CAGRs that have been prevalent over time. So, I think what's important here is that the supply has to be reduced. The biggest factor here really would be the supply reduction. Of course, once inventory adjustments, we are able to get past and the macroeconomic environment improves. The long-term trends for demand, driven by all the factors we have spoken about before, AI, 5G, industrial IoT, autonomous, all of those long-term factors will drive that demand along the lines of the CAGR that we have discussed today. But in the near term, the biggest factor to really address the demand supply is a reduction in supply in the industry. And of course, the rate and pace of the financial performance improvement will very much depend on how fast supply comes into balance. And as we have discussed, we have taken our actions in terms of CapEx reduction, in terms of underutilization, in terms of adjusting the technology node cadence. And we do believe that with the supply actions, the industry environment will improve. I do see that in fiscal year '24, the revenue, the profit and the free cash flow profile would be much better than '23. And of course, again, will be a function of how quickly the supplier just to demand.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And on your questions regarding customer inventory, what I would like to point out is that customer inventory in aggregate -- and that means in terms of volume in bits, we believe it has come down, although still at high levels. And you can see that in Q2, we are guiding to increase bit shipments. And just keep in mind that where demand used to be in terms of or the industry shipments used to be a few quarters ago versus now, they have come down substantially. And even though there may be some end market weakening in demand that points to that some of the inventory is being consumed by the customers. Basically, some of the inventory that the customers are holding is being consumed by them to address their end demand. So basically, the ship out by customers is greater than the ship in, in terms of purchases by customers from suppliers. And this trend of inventory improvement, gradual inventory improvement we believe will continue. And by mid calendar '23, we are projecting even though we don't have perfect visibility, but based on all of our discussions with our customers, we are projecting that inventory at customers will be in relatively healthier position by that time. And that's where we say that our second half of fiscal year revenue will be greater than first half, and we would expect continued improvements beyond the second half as well. And regarding the question on China, of course, China reopening has to be monitored closely, and it may be choppy. In terms of the near term, we are assuming that China is reopening for the second half of the calendar year, will result in benefit in terms of increased demand coming from the China markets. And of course, China reopening is not just issue to be monitored in terms of Chinese customer demand, but also any impact on global electronics system supply chains. And of course, we have assembly and test operations in China as well, and we are continuing to monitor those as well with respect to some of the recent COVID cases there. So, I think China, COVID cases and reopening will have to be -- continued to be closely monitored.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So our products are well positioned, and we expect that these will be ramping during the course of '23 and, of course, continue to ramp in '24 as well. And these are the ones that will drive a greater D5 attach with the servers. And as we said, we expect that for servers, D5 in 30s percentage range in terms of deployment by end of calendar '23 and somewhere around 50% by mid-calendar. So our products are well positioned, and we are looking forward to deployment of those new CPU platforms and that will drive healthier dynamic with respect to D5 deployment. These new processors, they work with more cores. They increase the attach rate for memory because they are bandwidth hungry and that just points to greater adoption of DRAM, particularly D5 memory with those processors.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So of course, it has been pushed out. I mean compared to the plans last year or over the last few months, some of those new processor deployments have been pushed out, but we look forward to them getting broadly adopted as the year progresses in '23.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So look, we don't comment specifically on pricing, but I can certainly tell you that both DRAM and NAND are experiencing challenging environment. And again, it is about oversupply in the market and decisive actions that we have highlighted today are the kind of actions that are important to make progress towards bringing supply and demand into balance.
Mark Murphy: Chris, this is Mark. I'll take that. A few comments on the profile. We did say that Q1 would be the bottom for bits, and we expect bits to be up in the second quarter and revenue down. So that points to continued challenges around the market conditions. We also expect 2Q to be peak on DIO, but 3Q will be the peak on inventory dollars. So the industry remains in an oversupply situation. But customers are depleting inventories, and we expect them to be in a better position by the second quarter of the calendar year. But profit is going to be challenged through the year, and that will challenge gross margins. Now the utilization effects specifically maybe I'll talk just costs generally first. In FY '22, and historically, Micron has strived and achieved cost downs in line or better than the industry, node advancements, manufacturing, productivity and other factors. But fiscal year '23 is going to be challenging in the near term as these utilization effects and low volumes weigh on the cost per unit and weigh on margins. And there are three principal drivers that will help explain that. One is maybe an overlooked factor is just simply the effects of routine period costs that run through the business on a normal basis, scrap preproduction volumes, pre-qual volumes, freight, royalties, these sort of things. And when you add this sharp decline in volumes and revenue, those period cost effects are going to impact margins. And so we're seeing that. The second driver is the much lower volumes are creating underload issues in the back end. And of course, that creates higher cost inventories that some is period cost, but most of it still hangs up in inventory and creates higher inventory costs. And that also is a significant factor early in the year, especially weighing on our costs. And then third, most visible has been our announcements to lower utilization on the front end. And that is a significant cost -- and we have -- most of those costs are going to be in inventories also versus period cost. And we said that $460 million of -- which is over -- just over half of the total fixed costs that will need to be applied will impact FY '23. Now the rest of those costs will flow through in FY '24. Now if our volumes are better than expected, those higher cost inventories will be pulled through earlier, if volumes are less than expected than more of those costs will flow through in FY '24. But right now, we're seeing about $460 million in FY '23. So in summary, we expect cost per bit to be up modestly in Q1. Again, that's mostly just the period cost effects that are normal and then some back-end effects and that's related to just low volumes. That's going to be a bit more cost in the second quarter. Again, and this is more back-end effects as those inventories clear. And then the third quarter, we're going to have the back-end effects of underutilization and the front-end effects as that inventory starts to clear. But then in the third quarter and then especially in the fourth, we have offsets. In fact, we get -- we resume cost down in the fourth quarter, as volumes have been -- as volumes pick up and absorption occurs. It's not a permanent condition. This is just a function of volumes that are unseen drops in volumes, and you see -- and actually the steps that we're actively taking to reduce supply. And I think it's worth noting that cost is certainly important. It's a great focus. We're managing the details. But the largest impact to the profitability and financial outlook for us is the supply-demand balance -- and the rate and pace of this improvement is going to be a function of aligning supply with demand, and we're taking decisive actions on CapEx and utilization to address it.
Mark Murphy: Sure. I think I got the question. So the -- as mentioned, the DIO peak, we expect to be in 2Q, the dollars in 3Q. And from both those peaks, we expect it to gradually improve, which is consistent with profiles that we've said before, though the conditions have worsened and volumes are a bit lower. Yes, we do expect customers to be in better shape by the second quarter of calendar year, and that's encouraging. And then you've seen the steps we've taken on supply to get inventories down. But I did cover this recently at a conference, bears repeating. Inventory is -- it's obviously a risk where we carefully and thoroughly monitor and with the lower utilization we have and the higher costs associated with that per unit. And then the weak market conditions we have, the margin of safety we have has decreased from where it was. We did a thorough quarter-end analysis as we always do. And of course, that includes the outlook. And in that, we determined that there are no write-downs to the lower of cost or net realizable value warranted. We perform extensive reviews of project -- projected pricing. We analyze customer trends, and there are a number of other factors. If our estimates did change, further, there could be risk of write-off in future quarters but none this in the November quarter. I do refer you to our inventory policy that's disclosed in our 10-K. We have a long-standing policy of evaluating inventory as a single pool, and we evaluate this policy regularly, and we apply consistently.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Toshi, I'll just briefly touch on the first one. We're expecting these elevated underutilization levels through most of -- well, through fiscal year '23. And beyond that, we're just going to always be evaluating the market conditions and then we'll update you and the market accordingly.
