Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Ernie. As part of our strategic planning process, Micron developed a new vision statement that embodies how we see the opportunities in front of us. As we close out 1 year and look to the next, I would like to now share it with you. Our vision, transforming how the world uses information to enrich life, captures the tremendous potential Micron possesses. New technologies like artificial intelligence will change the world in ways we can barely imagine today. Fast data access and high-performance data analytics will be at the heart of those transformations, making memory and storage core to the data-centric world that is taking shape in front of our eyes. I believe our strategy to tighten our focus, accelerate our technology and product development and strengthen our presence in critical markets will make Micron an increasingly prominent player in the industry as these revolutionary new technologies take shape. Fiscal 2017 was a record year for us, but I am confident that the best is yet to come for Micron. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And of course, our focus also could be on high-value solutions, so that our revenue share outperforms our bit share.
Sanjay Mehrotra: In terms of the market environment, we are certainly excited about the demand requirements for DRAM as well as for NAND. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I mean, bit growth driver for DRAM certainly that’s outpacing the average growth of the industry is in the area of server and cloud. And here we are making great penetration with the hyperscale customers in terms of driving the growth of the DRAM business. So, we remain very bullish about the DRAM market environment through the 2017. We think it will be undersupplied. And given the demand trends, we think we will have healthy demand supply balance in DRAM throughout 2018 timeframe as well. And in terms of NAND as it’s well-known that average capacities are increasing certainly in mobile devices, but even more importantly, SSDs are displacing HDDs at the rapid pace with the attach rates continuing to be projected to be going up over the course of next several quarters. And of course, there is a strong value proposition for SSDs in the cloud and hyperscale data center environment as well given all the trends of artificial intelligence, machine learning, all of this is driving big data analytics. So, all these trends are related to artificial intelligence, bit growth in data customers wanting to offer differentiated value to their end customers, all of this is driving need for memory and storage solution and overall, we remain pretty bullish about the demand trends. I mean, if they look at DRAM as well as NAND even in autonomous vehicle, the demand requirements for flash, I mean data is being generated. So much data is being generated by autonomous vehicles that it requires fast processing both within the vehicle as well as on the cloud. So, I think demand trends for the foreseeable future continued to be strong and that bodes well for our industry. In terms of your question regarding customers and some of the customers wanting to engage in longer term requirements, yes, that is absolutely happening and we do consider that based on various customers. I mean, it depends on the nature of the customer’s requirements, really cannot get into the details of that here in this call, but certainly, our business includes customers that are more transactional in nature that have business more on a monthly transaction basis, some that are more on a quarterly basis and certainly certain customers that are also involved in longer term trends. I think customers are just seeing increasing value of memory and storage. I mean, this DRAM and flash is becoming strategic to our customers and our customers are seeing Micron as being uniquely positioned with having a strong portfolio of DRAM as well as flash and being the only company in the Western Hemisphere with those capabilities and that is definitely making us an attractive and valued partner to our customers.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, in terms of going in to 2018, we see healthy industry demand and supply balance for NAND. And you are right to note that the bit growth is going up because of the technology transition in the industry to the 64-layer technology. And when we look at the demand trends, those demand tends continue to be strong as I just pointed out related to SSDs as well as increasing average capacities of flash in mobile devices and all kinds of other devices. So, demand continues to be strong. We see healthy trends in that regard in 2018 timeframe. Regarding pricing, we don’t specifically for competitive reasons provide comments on pricing on the call, but we just like to point out that we believe that the healthy industry environment as one where price decline is less than or equal to cost declines and we are certainly focused on aggressively reducing our product cost with realizing successfully our technology production ramp of 64-layer.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Certainly, the diversification of the end markets for DRAM absolutely bodes well for the future health of our business. We have enjoyed the benefits of that. Calendar year 2017 as you noted is a great example. And you just pointed out the mix of our DRAM business between PC what used to be just about PC and mobile is now very much about PC mobile, server, automotive and multitude of markets and Micron has really great presence, where variety of I mean whole slew of customers and channels. So, this really bodes well, plays very well to the strength of Micron. It has really for long time enjoyed diversified set of global customers and great presence in channels and that is coming into full play as the demand requirements for DRAM continue to grow nicely and into multiple mega-markets.
Sanjay Mehrotra: With respect to NAND in terms of our third-generation 3D NAND, we are not yet disclosing the number of layers in that technology. As I said in my prepared remarks, we are continuing to make good progress with that and we plan to be introducing that technology in the 2018 – calendar 2018 timeframe and continuing to deploy CMOS under the array technology that continues to provide Micron a die-sized leadership position, which is usually attractive to us [indiscernible] point of view. And with respect to DRAM in terms of 1Y node, we will be introducing that node also in calendar 2018 timeframe. And beyond that, we are not providing any specific details for our technology related to competitive basis. And your question regarding floating gate, we have a strong roadmap of future technologies related to floating gate.
Sanjay Mehrotra: As we have indicated before that in terms of technology cost position as well as the technology node readiness, in recent times over the course of last couple of years, Micron has lagged the competitor in terms of getting advanced technology ready at par with them and deploying those technologies into volume production. However, in recent times, Micron has made very good progress in this area and we are getting the benefit of that as we are ramping those technologies into production. I have said before that these kind of undertakings, driving, accelerated deployment of new technology nodes into volume production and continuing to narrow the gap on the cost front is a multiyear phenomena and we have made very good progress in this regard. I fully expect us to make – continue to make good progress in fiscal year 2018 as well. And we are of course very much focused on continuing to accelerate the timeline of our future technologies into production and then well positioned to ramp those technologies into volume production as well. And along with this of course remain very much focused on driving a greater mix of high-value solutions both in DRAM and NAND as well. So, these are really two very important pillars of our strategy driving cost competitiveness and driving greater mix of high value solutions and these things don’t happen overnight. They will continue to be strong growth opportunities for us going forward over the course of next few years.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I will let Ernie comment on the CapEx, but on the demand side, as I pointed out earlier, I mean it’s not that this demand is perishable, I mean this demand in terms of the trend of SSDs replacing HDDs in client notebook computers where the attach rate continues to increase in 2017 attach rate of SSDs to PCs is around 35%. That attach rate over the course of next few years continues to grow to around 50% in 2018 and by 2020 timeframe expect it to go to around 75%. So, these demand trends are secular in nature. It’s the same thing on the enterprise side, again on the cloud side that the attach rate of SSDs as well as the average capacity requirements on our per-server basis continued to go up as well. So, these are really very solid secular trends here that are long-term in nature and of course the trends of mobile devices adding new rich features such as augmented reality, such as rich displays, all of these are trends that also continue to drive higher average capacities in mobile devices. So, I feel very good about the demand trends on the NAND side.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes, some of this product enablement CapEx is related to back-end captive assembly operations, which will help us improve our cost position going forward. And of course also there is CapEx associated with upgrading of the infrastructure that is needed to realize the technology transitions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Sure, Chris. So, I think as has been the case for a few quarters now, there is actually a fair amount of tightness across those three channels that you mentioned. So, it would be hard to distinguish one from the other relative to any nuances there. I don’t think there is an inventory issue certainly, if you actually take a look at inventory levels that are reported, which are typically financial numbers and adjust those for dollar cost of how pricing has changed over the course of the year. You do get a bit of a different perspective on inventory as reported by a variety of customers and channel partners in those areas, but the environment continues to be strong. The supply demand circumstances continue to be fairly tight and we are working very closely with our customers to make sure that we stay in close sync with them as they think about their plans going forward.
Sanjay Mehrotra: We do not rule out M&A in the future. Right now, our focus is on the priorities that I mentioned that include cost competitiveness and strengthening the high-value mix in our revenue. And of course, if and when, we were to engage in M&, our focus would, of course we to try to strengthen our future opportunity and make it an opportunity that’s absolutely provides a strong ROI, beyond that I would not speculate in this matter.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I mean, we are definitely seeing strong demand trends from – the entire spectrum of our customers a large what you would call Tier 1 or Tier 2 as you termed, although all customers are important to us and we do engage meaningfully with them and we work closely with them to understand their demand requirement and we apply our own judgment to their demand requirements as well in terms of assessing that overall industry demand trends. And based on those demand understanding of our – on behalf of our customers, we project healthy industry supply environment in DRAM and NAND.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Sure. So, we talked about being at bit output crossover for 1X DRAM by before the end of the calendar year of 2018. And then as we have previously shared for the 1X node, we see somewhere roughly 45% increase in bits per wafer versus 20 nanometer and about a 20 – to slightly more than 20% cost reduction on a cost per bit.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So we say that our SSD mix was about 20% of our NAND revenue and that consists of our sales of client, two client customers as well as to the hyperscale of cloud and enterprise customers. And both are roughly about the same in both of those categories. Beyond that, we don’t provide further breakdown.
Sanjay Mehrotra: In general, the technology complexity increases where subsequent technology generations both in DRAM and NAND and also given the increased technology complexity, gigabytes or gigabits that you gain in NAND as well as DRAM on a per wafer basis tends to decline with advanced technology nodes. So, all of those factors play a role in terms of cost reduction capabilities as well going forward.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Sure. I can do that. I just want to add a comment to the previous question on cost. My comment was related to cost on a per wafer gigabyte per wafer basis from one technology node to the next. Of course, cost also depends very much on how you deploy those technologies into volume production. And this is one of our focus areas in terms of deploying advanced technologies faster into production. Now, specific to your second question regarding the attach rates in enterprise and server markets, so SSD attach rate is around 50% there in terms of on a SSD per unit basis and opportunity there is greater. Average capacities are definitely moving fairly fast. In fact, enterprise and data center is one of the fastest growth segments for flash in terms of year-over-year bits demand increases that are projected. Average capacities in enterprise and data center for SSDs are over 3 terabyte. That’s average capacity and that trend continues to increase by some projections tripling almost to 9 terabyte by 2020 timeframe. So as I was saying earlier, I mean, these demand trends for increasing attach rate of SSDs in client and data center cloud computing applications as well as the increases in average capacities are secular trends.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes, Mike. So, certainly the statement about no new wafer capacity in fiscal year ‘18 applies equally to both DRAM and NAND. And relative to your second question, there is not anything material relative to the CapEx guide that we shared that relates to construction costs or whatnot. As you pointed out, there is obviously incremental clean room space available or could be available at pretty low cost, but it would not be material in course of the overall guide that we provided.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I think in the flagship models, to answer your specific question, the demand for DRAM as well as for NAND, average capacities continues to go up. And of course, the mix of these high-end smartphones also as a part of the total smartphone market continues to go up. And specifically to DRAM, average capacities of DRAM in high-end smartphones going from somewhere over 3 gigabyte in 2017 projected to go up to over 5 gigabyte closer to 6 gigabyte by 2020 timeframe. And specifically to NAND, average capacities of NAND in high-end smartphones in 2017 is somewhere around 70 gigabyte, let’s say, projected to double – or more than doubled by 2020 timeframe as well. So, again, the average capacity increased trends in smartphones continues to be solid, not only actually in high-end smartphones, but in value segment of the smartphone market as well.
Ernie Maddock: Yes. So, multipart question let me try and break it down in easily understandable way. First, as you pointed out, there is a time lag between the time CapEx is invested and the time that the bit growth is realized. And certainly, if you look at what we did in 2017 that was actually a function of the investments that we made in 2016 and it’s also important to remember that the bit growth that we were able to realize from the Inotera investments were not part of my current CapEx plan. And so if you add Micron’s spend and Inotera’s spend, you are probably in the upper $6 billion range and so that’s a good point of comparison as we now look at 2018. So in 2018, we would expect the majority of the bits that or the results of the CapEx to come on towards the latter part of the fiscal year. And you heard Sanjay in his prepared remarks say that we would be at bit crossover on an output basis for our 64-layer NAND around the second or third fiscal quarter of the year, but it was going to be the exit part of the calendar year for DRAM before we hit bit output crossover on 1x. So, that gives you some sense of the timing and the impact of timing on those investments. I would also tell you that our objective over a multiyear period is to grow at about industry levels. And certainly, we think this investment plan over the course of a multiyear horizon will allow us to do that, obviously, being above in 2017 fiscal as we have just reported DRAM at the low-end, little above on NAND. So I think looking at snapshot comparisons across our fiscal year is interesting, but really important is the segment that we intend to grow aligned with industry over the course of these multiyear periods. And I think that’s probably the best broad perspective I can provide, happy to address any specific question.
Ernie Maddock: I don’t think the experience that I think you are referring to colors our perspective on partnerships, that all partnerships are very individualized, partner specific set of activities and so certainly while we continue to become informed just as you do. Our color would be very specific to the circumstances at hand vis-à-vis any potential partnerships or the continuation of any content, any partnerships. And I think do you have a long history of valued partnerships here and annoying how to make the partnerships work well. So I mean partnerships are important.
Ernie Maddock: Sure. So, I think that in terms of Gen 3 NAND, we will certainly talk more about that as we are able to in terms of what we might expect and whatever is appropriate for that. So, it is true just on a mathematical basis that as you progress up layer count on an absolute basis, there are less incremental bits and there is an association between cost reduction and bit growth opportunity. But in terms of providing specifics, it’s very, very early to share that with you. And if you look at 64-layer versus the first generation, it’s somewhere in the realm as we have talked about before 2x the density in roughly an aggregate of 30% reduction in bit cost.
