Kipp Bedard: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Micron Technology's Third Quarter 2011 Financial Release Conference Call. On the call today is Steve Appleton, Chairman and CEO; Mark Durcan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ron Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance; and of course, Mark Adams, Vice President of Worldwide Sales. This conference call, including audio and slides, is also available on Micron's website at micron.com. If you have not had an opportunity to review the third quarter 2011 financial press release, this is available on our website, again at micron.com. Our call will be approximately 60 minutes in length. There will be an audio replay of this call, accessed by dialing (706) 645-9291 with the confirmation code of 76907886. This replay will run through Thursday, June 30, 2011 at 5:30 p.m. Mountain Time. A webcast replay will be available on the company's website until June of 2012. We encourage you to monitor our website at micron.com throughout the quarter for the most current information on the company, including information on the various financial conferences that we will be attending. Please note the following Safe Harbor statement. I think what I'll do is go ahead and read it for you. During the course of this call, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company and the industry. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files on a consolidated basis from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission; specifically, the company's most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results for the company on a consolidated basis to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. These certain factors can be found on the company's website. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Also, we are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of the presentation to conform these statements to the actual results. I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Steve Appleton.
Kipp Bedard: Thanks, Ron, and with that, we'd like to take questions from callers. [Operator Instructions] With that, let's please open up the line.
Kipp Bedard: We've given you the bogey of 60k wafers per month, and the more current guidance is all baked into our bit growth guidance for Q-to-Q.
Kipp Bedard: Today, personal systems are about 18%, and that looks like that will come in about where we will average for the year. As Ron mentioned, we're getting awful close to having NAND surpass total DRAM revenues for the first time in our history as well.
Kipp Bedard: Danny, in terms of gross margin ranking, trade NAND is one of the better ones we have. It's about our second-highest gross margin. So to the extent that we're shipping more of those bits, that will certainly help on the gross margin side.
Kipp Bedard: There's a couple of moving pieces, so you have to be a little bit careful. Obviously, we're adding more bits. We get more of that output, so that's good. There's obviously an ASP component to it, which we don't want to get into try and predicting today. But steady-state today, it's our second-highest gross margin product.
Kipp Bedard: I think our visibility in the wireless side is pretty good. I think part of what's going on in the wireless space is a little bit of a shift in the industry structure, with market share shifting from company A to company B. I think that's contributing a little bit to the fogginess in terms of that business. Having said that, I would think with some newer models coming out, and it is a bit of a seasonal uptick, that it'd be reasonable to assume that there could be an improvement in terms of the market conditions around wireless coming into back-to-school and the holiday. And remember, our comments were around the segment of the wireless market. The smartphone market continues to be very strong, and I also think that might be something that contributes to some higher-end gross for the back half of the year.
Kipp Bedard: I think -- let me make sure you're reading the right lines there. We look at bit production up double-digits, and currently, the ASP is down low doubles. Is that what you're...
Kipp Bedard: That's correct, Kevin. As Ron mentioned in his comments, we're going to see -- we're obviously executing pretty well at IMFS, and those will be more discrete units here in the short term. So expect more OEM-type business during the short-term quarter. So it's mix-related.
Kipp Bedard: Kevin, I don't have that breakout in front of me. But I'm happy to follow up with you. It's something that we present from time to time, and so I'll get it to you.
Kipp Bedard: We're not going to give you the actual numbers, but they did come down a little bit in those segments.
Kipp Bedard: No. There was an impact, a little larger than we expected, actually. It's about a $20 million impact in this quarter that we just reported, and that's about equal to what's left. We do anticipate the rest of that will come in over the next couple of years.
Kipp Bedard: It's all related to the certain parts that did get written up in the inventory, and so some of those are legacy parts that will sell out over the next year, even. But it won't all clear up in one quarter.
Kipp Bedard: Let me start, Doug, with the bit supply, and then Mark can talk you through maybe some of the different segments. We look at DRAM somewhere in that 40% to 45% range. We see NAND in that 70% to 80% supply range. Duly noted that on recent equipment conference calls, they have referenced equipment pushouts. So it does -- in our analysis, it does look like we've probably come through our or are in the highest sequential bit growth quarters now. And that going through the rest of the year, especially in DRAM, they tend to tail off pretty good. We're fairly -- looking at the NAND numbers in terms of supply, looks like you're going to run kind of low double-digits here for the next couple of quarters. And with that, I'll let Mark maybe talk you through some of the segment demand things that he sees.
Kipp Bedard: Well, Bill, it's a different discussion point because we can, on the discrete device level, bring costs pretty down. But what you're really asking is the cost to our customers, and that's more market-driven. So you have to be a little more specific.
Kipp Bedard: It might be a little bit below. As we have discussed in the past, we've been trying to enrich the mix, and generally, those are lower-density devices. And so you don't get quite the bit efficiency per wafer, for example.
Kipp Bedard: John, I've got it broken out to total revenues, and we ran server about 20%. So pretty good business for us.
Kipp Bedard: Yes, in terms of wafers probe, we saw a 26% increase in -- or 26% of our NAND wafers were processed in SLC in Q2. And of course, as those sell out, that would be into fiscal Q3, and that's why you saw the pretty nice increase in cost per bit. But again, referencing both what Ron and Steve said before, that also gave us the very nice margin lift and ASP lift as well. It's worth it for us to put as many wafers in that direction as possible.
Kipp Bedard: This looks pretty flattish. As we mentioned before, IMFS is primarily ramping right now on MLC. So don't think that the wafers aren't growing in SLC. But as a percentage of the total, they're about flat in that 20% range.
Kipp Bedard: Thank you. And with that, looks like we're out of time. We'd like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you will please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language.  During the course of this call, we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on this call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Thank you.
Mark Adams: This is Mark Adams responding to that. I think in general, we've all seen a softening of the desktop, notebook, PC climate. Partially offset by some growth around tablets, more helpful on the NAND front, obviously, than the DRAM front. But it's been pretty hard to kind of see beyond Q3 calendar year in terms of what the demand picture looks like as some of the bigger OEMs have kind of come out and made their forecast, the analysts certainly have made their forecasts, and overall, the PC environment is weak at this point, and hard for us to call too much further out in the future.
Mark Adams: Well, that's a good point, because my -- I should have qualified my comments. The PC comments are primarily around the consumer environment. The corporate refresh is still in process and going fairly well in terms of the NAND side for our more enterprise-corporate type products. And servers certainly is one of the products that Kipp was just referring to as being a better opportunity for us and more stable for us. And we think that continues not just around the servers, but even our networking product portfolio and some of our embedded products, more in the commercial applications. So the softening we're talking about is primarily around the consumer environment, and desktop, notebook. Even Steve made reference to the value lines market consumer -- value line mobile market. But the enterprise applications, especially DRAM, continues to be pretty strong for us, and we see no reason that's going to change in the coming quarter.
Mark Adams: Sure. I think I'd break the inventory answer into 2 parts: the OEM component to that and the channel. The OEM component, I think, will probably be managed fairly well throughout this calendar quarter. So I think that -- I'm sorry, what I really referred to is calendar quarter Q3, our Q4. I think the OEMs have got a good handle on that, because I think that's already in process. The channel fees, as Steve mentioned, are somewhere in the 5-week range, 4 to 5 weeks. And I think that really was a reaction to Japan and some early accumulation on concerns over supply to the -- in the spot market and the aftermarket module market. So I think that is more of something that gets to be managed over time here over the next coming 90 days or so. But I feel that the OEMs are in better control of that and already actively working through that. The channel folks are getting into it now, and I think that's what's causing the differentiation between the spot market pricing and the OEM contract pricing.
Mark Adams: Sure. I think server is -- so we need to just run over and do that on a quarter-to-quarter basis, there's a lot of qualification and supply variables that go into actually getting into the server business. I think on the mobile side, a lot of people have talked about that, and we've seen one of our competitors talk about going back to the commodity business. So that's a harder one to gauge. But I also think that comes with the challenges of not just redirecting capacity, but getting qualified at some of these bigger OEMs. So it's not a perishable capacity choice. You have to kind of be in the business and be committed to it over time. I think the comments might be more fluff than reality in the short term.
Mark Adams: Yes, sure. This is Mark Adams again. The DRAM shipment was more of a carryover for us, especially around some of our OEM customers, for Inotera output. They've got us timely in the quarter, but we could not convert it into modules in time to get to our OEM agreement. Secondly, towards the end of our quarter, we saw a pretty wide gap between the spot markets and the OEM contract market and certainly didn't want to play into the game of end-of-quarter negotiations when the spot market's driving price down further. So we chose to keep some of that inventory for our larger OEMs going into the Q4 fiscal.
Mark Adams: Absolutely. I mean, absolutely the case. And again, if you track the spot market pricing over the last 2 to 3 weeks of our quarter, it started to get pretty volatile. And for us, given our OEM demand curve for Micron memory, it was a pretty logical choice not to play in the spot market game at the end of the quarter.
Mark Adams: I would say that early in the first half to 2/3 of the quarter, the contract pricing was rising. And I'd say it kind of plateau-ed and flattened out towards the end of the quarter.
Mark Adams: Well, there's 2 things there. The guidance we're giving is quarter year-to-date. So I'll come back to that in a second. But your question earlier was about Q3 and the trend during Q3. And I stopped short by saying that it was flat during the last month, which was May. Our June contract pricing is down slightly, and then we also have some mix effects there as well, causing the net impact of the quarter-to-date guidance we're giving you.
Mark Adams: Yes, it's pretty consistent with earlier comments. I think it's -- the consumer business overall tied to kind of the macroeconomic environment, it just seems a little bit hard to predict and a little bit softer than we might have thought going into July. But certainly, you've got some seasonality effect in there as well. So around DRAMs, for example, the PC business, to earlier comments, is weaker than we had hoped. And right now, we don't have line of sight on anything in terms of a recovery back to an upward-priced environment in DRAM on the consumer side, especially DRAM and our better margin product areas. We continue to remain pretty bullish, because the demand there has remained strong. And I referenced this earlier, but the server products and the server business overall is pretty good. The growth there on units is still in line with, I think, what the analysts kind of suggested we would be for 2011. Networking. Again, networking products remain strong for us as well. And our AIMM business, which is part of the Embedded business unit, is very stable also. So it's not that we can make one conclusive comment about the overall memory landscape. I think the commodity consumer-oriented businesses are seeing some softness of demand side for DRAM, and the specialty businesses around enterprise and corporate are pretty good. When you look at NAND, we're not seeing anything that would change our perspective on a pretty strong demand environment for NAND. SSDs have been a continually good story for us at Micron. Steve referenced earlier slightly below 40% quarter-over-quarter growth, new technology launches, and good reviews for us and customer qualifications on enterprise performance drives. So SSD could be a strong place for us. If you look at the smartphone piece of the business, where a lot of that NAND is consumed in the mobile market, still very strong. And the tablet business is, again, is another good environment for us for NAND. So we think the drivers on NAND are pretty consistently strong through the back half of the year, especially [indiscernible]. And I don't think anything's going to change that going through the holidays, minus some significantly different environment as far as the economy.
Mark Adams: I don't think that, that pressure has manifested itself back down to us. I do think, though, that when you look at what's driving the application here on the server products itself in terms of the markets, in terms of cloud and some of the other applications, you are seeing a broader value line of servers take share in the market. And that's the unit volume shifting that way and could potentially drive that. We're not seeing that implicate our server pricing too much on the memory side of the house, but I think that there seems to be a higher volume of distributed server technology in the market, and I think to that extent that you could see that being potentially commoditized downstream. But we don't -- we haven't seen any impact internally.
Mark Adams: Yes, I think absolutely. Just in terms of unit growth alone, I think there's an opportunity there for us as well as if you look at the evolution of what people are using the smartphones with, we feel pretty confident that the content piece will evolve favorably.
Mark Adams: To the extent that when we look at our NAND portfolio, to the extent that we're choosing to be engaged in that market, which is pretty strategic to us, we feel pretty good about it. We feel, needless to say from a cost perspective and technology perspective, it's a good place for us to invest. And our customer demand continues to remain strong.
Mark Adams: Sure. Our experience has been that the OEMs are really trying to adopt us to establish a separate class of notebook users, if you will, and trying to add some higher-margin opportunities themselves in selling up to executives and consumer power users. The volumes are pretty significant around that. And you think about the sudden growth in terms of enterprise applications actually manifesting themselves up in terms of revenue in the category, those are still pretty much the 2 drivers, I would say, are the OEMs driving power SKUs for the enterprise executives as well as consumer power users. And then in the enterprise sector, I'd say the shipments basically doubled quarter-over-quarter in that sector, and we continue to see long-term growth there for us through the next 2 to 3 years.
Mark Adams: I still think from a cost per gigabyte, we're not quite close to yet equality. I think what you're seeing from the shipment and, both in the client space and the enterprise space, would suggest that even though we're not at cost parity, we're not really even close yet on a dollar-per-gigabyte basis, the benefits of the SSD and total cost of ownership allow us to compete pretty favorably.
Mark Adams: You know, it's funny. We tend to think slightly the opposite of how you stated it, which is that the tablet not only serves in a mobile application environment, but starts to mimic some of the functions of PC. And I think there's a fair point that, that might be an opportunity for us, but it is on kind of a partner-by-partner basis in terms of how they look at their architecture and their system.
Mark Adams: No, it's consistent with the demand picture that we get for our products. And I'd say in the server business, we're mildly constrained around the capacity of those parts that could go there. We're trying to ramp that up in the coming quarter.
Mark Adams: Well, it's interesting. If you went back a couple of years, when the ASPs of DRAM were significantly higher, we went through this destocking [ph] period due to the supply and demand imbalance. Since then, obviously, it's recovered pretty nicely, and we were just short of 4 gigabytes per unit in the desktop notebook environment. And it's projected to go over that threshold, which I think is the first time, at least that I can remember, there have been 4 gigabytes per unit. So our sense is that continues to remain progressively increasing and then favorable.
Steven Appleton: Well, I think that our CapEx next year and the variability of it will really be based upon how we view the market. So our CapEx for our fiscal year, keep in mind that we still have IMFS we're paying for as the equipment's been delivered or under qualification, there's somewhat of a lag delay. So a lot of that CapEx is associated with IMFS, of which we're already committed to, and ramping, and the rest of it is just sprinkled throughout the rest of the network. That's not likely to change much unless for some reason, we feel like we ought to try to get more production out of IMFS, in which case we would spend more to do that. But that's all market-dependent at this point.
Steven Appleton: No, that's not true. I didn't say that. I said a lot of it was for IMFS and NAND, and then the rest of it is sprinkled throughout the rest of the network. Remember, we got many fabs. It doesn't take a whole lot per fab to add up to a total of $2 billion.
Steven Appleton: Well, first of all, we don't have any partnership with Elpida at this point. And I think if you look at the entire industry picture, obviously, there are a few companies that are still struggling. The Taiwanese are struggling a lot, and then you draw Elpida into the mix. Of course, in terms of total size, they are also one of the smaller companies in the memory business. And I think over time, most of that will get resolved. But in the short term, typically, what we have to see is some kind of crisis in the industry and the more of a crisis, the quicker the resolution of consolidation industry. And whether we're in that time period or not, right now, I think it will depend on how long the market being down lasts. But short of that, we'll just have to see how it plays out.
Steven Appleton: I see, I see. Well, I think you can correctly surmise that the ability to ship our NAND product and downstream products, in other words S -- i.e., SSDs and other things, just has there buying proposition and more margin for us. So to the extent that we can do that, we'll be focused there. But I would say that our objective, in particular as our percentage of the total, as Ron mentioned, our percentage of the total output of the joint venture comes to Micron, our objective really is, though, to still serve all the markets in some form, and obviously, we'll direct that capacity to the best return for the company.
Steven Appleton: Well, in terms of the Japanese impact to our revenues, I had mentioned that about 5% of our Embedded group was affected, primarily the entertainment industry over there, as you might expect. In terms of the inventory channel buildup, Mark can add a comment here if he would, but essentially, that happened after we had the Japanese event. And I would say to the extent that some of it did go, it's clearly trying to make sure that they were covered. But in addition to that, I would just add that, as Mark already did, that a couple of the markets were weaker than maybe people were anticipating, so they had some inventory that they accumulated.
Steven Appleton: Well, clearly, the Rambus trial started. It's a multi-month trial, and we'll continue to accrue litigation costs, as we have in the past. And that's really probably all we can say on the topic, because it's in flight.
Steven Appleton: Well, that's already embedded in the guidance we gave for the quarter. The length of trials are unpredictable, and as a result, that doesn't mean that we'll have some additional accrued litigation costs the longer it goes. But we'll just have to deal with that realtime as it's happening.
Steven Appleton: So I'll take the first part about decisions being made on the fly during the quarter and change mix. The answer is, of course, we're trying to optimize margins in the parts. And as we see opportunity, we'll do that. Now also, I think in correlation, make the comment that sometimes it's easy to change the mix, and sometimes it's more difficult to change the mix, depending on the product and the category and so forth. And we also have customer commitments that we have to make sure we make. So all of that goes into the hopper. But we're cautiously looking at it. And for the next part, I'll turn it back over to Kipp.
Steven Appleton: Yes, they're ramped in wafers. They're still working on coming up the yield curve, et cetera, and get more good bit yields out for production. So no, we don't get specific underutilization charge. We did when it was shut down in 2009. But now we're just paying on a wafer cost basis and, as I've mentioned before, there's a cost basis and then there's a profit-sharing component that gets spread back.
Ronald Foster: This is Ron. We had startup charges, as I mentioned, last quarter, and we had some reduced level of startup charges overall this quarter. In total, for the company, it's about $36 million in the second quarter, dropped to about $20 million in this most recent quarter. Some of those costs are now being put into inventory and will go out with the shipments of IMFS product in the coming quarters.
Ronald Foster: Yes. If you look at it, the ASPs were up about 15%, and our costs were up about 12% in the quarter and the impact was related to mix, as Steve commented, specifically in the area of higher SLC mix. SLC is a higher-margin product. It's also higher cost. And so that affects the top line, but we end up with more margin, as Steve mentioned in his comments, going forward. Also, there was some SSD growth that he mentioned that helps drive up both the pricing and the cost a little bit.
Ronald Foster: Well, yes, it's more normal rates of $15 million to $25 million kind of range going forward on taxes. That's our normal rate that we pay for the other regional jurisdictions.
