Ronald C. Foster: This is Ron, David. The supply agreement with Intel is set up so that it's a fixed amount of volume. And we have a profit margin built into the agreement, and it's set up to extend for a number of years into the total agreement period.
Ronald C. Foster: Yes. And Harlan, in terms of the idle capacity, we've had some improvement, as I mentioned, with a little bit less idle capacity in our 200-millimeter activities. But we will continue to have some effect of that in the following quarter or 2, that's for sure. And then we expect it to pick up some later in the year.
Ronald C. Foster: Yes, Doug, the -- we consolidate all these joint ventures. So all the structure on the balance sheet, P&L, et cetera, is in our financial statements. The CapEx is in our CapEx numbers, the depreciation is in our depreciation numbers. So what you'll see is when a higher ownership percentage, so there'll be less equity share growing out to minority shareholders on the P&L. And as Mark already mentioned, we'll have more trade revenue business. But the cost structure will be essentially the same cost structure. We'll have the chance to leverage up the revenue portion of that with a higher trade mix. The rest of the cost structure is essentially as it was.
Ronald C. Foster: Yes, as I mentioned, the -- 60% of our total CapEx budget was probably spent in the first quarter of this fiscal year, and it was related -- and into the second quarter, it was heavily related to the final payments -- build-out and payments on our IMFS capital. And as you heard the report on the ramp of that facility. So the remainder of the second half of the year is pretty low in the remaining balance, and it's going to be probably the $400 million range for the next couple of quarters.
Ronald C. Foster: No, it's right on. I just want to -- I gave you the -- our view, $155 million to $165 million, which is sort of the typical range of SG&A. They were just blips in the quarter that affected the total cost by about $20 million.
Ronald C. Foster: Mark, this is Ron. We've -- I'm not going to break it down to a specific percentage, but we gave you a view of the Intel volume. It's going to be about the same in this quarter we're in right now. I wouldn't expect a big change with the transaction occurring, as Mark mentioned, in early April. Then it'll trend down a little bit. We'll be reporting the supply agreement portion as -- which has a profit margin, in our trade numbers. And so it will go up in the mix. But we'll certainly update you on that as we go forward. And you got a rough view for me of the wafer mix that is coming out from Micron as well.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, the communication that we've given fairly consistently is that we target over the long run to be in the 20% to 25% debt-to-capital range. Right now, we're running right at 20%. And that can, of course, vary with market cycles and with strategic decisions that we make in the business. But in general, the range we're comfortable with over the long run is in the -- the upper end will be the 25% kind of range over a long-term trend. But of course, that can vary in interim periods based upon market conditions and strategic decisions.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, we got -- you can see from our converts that some of them kick in at profit levels. For example, at $60 million net income, one of our converts kicks into the measurement, et cetera, and then a couple of more at $200 million kind of profit range. So the dilution affects from the converts would come in at those kind of income levels.
Mark W. Adams: Bob, it's Mark Adams. I think the -- you've listed a couple of key contributors to that end result on inventory. Certainly, we saw a mild recovery in the PC business against expectations going into the post-holiday quarter as the hard drive industry started to recover and that’s helped us on some stronger DRAM pricing coming out of the quarter, like desktop notebook commodity. SSDs continue to be a positive bright spot for us in terms of bit shipments through the quarter. We had growth there. And we continue to find growth opportunities around server bits. Our server bit shipments were another record, the second consecutive quarter we had a record in bit shipments to servers. So combined, there's been some good application segment performance for us.
Mark W. Adams: Yes, I think it will. I think that's in front of us, too. I don't think that's happening today. I think the Romley adaptation is probably -- if you went back into the back half of last year, they -- you would have thought there'd be more market penetration around it. But I think it will, and it's in front of us and they'll benefit us in the future quarters.
Mark W. Adams: Sure. The phenomenon really occurs when the market does churn pricing. Some of the premium specialty markets we're in lagged that effect, so they may, in fact, have lower pricing while the commodity desktop-notebook actually trend back up. And that's where we are seeing improvement, in the desktop-notebook commodity segment. And our specialty markets are lagging in improvement and in turnaround. So that's where it comes out about flat, all kind of around the mix equation.
Mark W. Adams: Yes, sure. I'm sorry, but that -- the -- Mark Durcan commented earlier on -- that the wireless NOR market is probably more accelerating in its decline in demand. I think that put more NOR inventory in the market and then hit some of the pricing that gave us a mild erosion on the Embedded profitability. And we had to react to that.
Mark W. Adams: Yes, I think I probably ought to speak to dynamic here, that if you go back into our last quarter, we saw a fair amount of OEM pull and channel pull ahead of -- in the last quarter due to the lack of hard drive availability. And what we saw after that was that the sell-through of that pull-through wasn't as much as the OEMs and the channel anticipated. So I would characterize it as a slightly decelerating growth as they -- as we work through the inventory. I think this is a short-term phenomenon, and I think you'll see our SSDs continue to grow. And I think maybe another quarter of right around this level is reasonable. But I think it's just a work-through out of the, I guess, the overexcitement around the preholiday SSDs given the hard drive issue.
Mark W. Adams: Yes, that's right. I think that it's a mix effect going to less value-add segments during the quarter.
Mark W. Adams: So as we commented on the SSD situation, we're working our way out of that. You'll see our -- put our bits into more of the -- a retail-oriented commodity card USB business, those types.
Mark W. Adams: You know what? Except for what we identified in SSDs, I think overall, things are in pretty good balance. On the DRAM front, based on some of the dynamics going on with competition, it seems that DRAM is in a pretty healthy place, pretty moderate inventory. Our OEMs have come back with pretty strong upside demand signals for us in the -- in Q3. The dynamic in the spot market's a little bit different because we expect some of the smaller players liquidating for cash flow purposes. But in general, the market inventory situation is pretty good on DRAM. And in NAND, as I described in an earlier comment, I think the inventory situations needed just to work through this quarter on selling through SSD inventory that we have carried forward, and I think that is a short-term phenomenon. And I think overall, when we look at tablet growth and smartphones and SSDs combined, I think we're bullish out in the midterm and the longer term.
Mark W. Adams: I think that's part of it. I think the other part of it is just as we're talking about maybe some negative impact on the SSD side, we think that because the -- primarily the corporate sector held off on PC procurements given the higher price SSD systems in the fall, we think there's some strength in the PC market out towards the next quarter or so.
Mark W. Adams: On personal systems? Okay, about 1/3 of it -- I guess that's right. About 1/3 of it in personal systems relative to the other markets.
Mark W. Adams: I think both's favorable for us. I think the challenge for us in the marketplace is really around pricing and the acceptance of the platform and volume. We think it's more of a best-case, a holiday product of 2012, more a 2013 volume product. But we still think it's pretty favorable in the DRAM side and, obviously, very positive on the NAND and the SSD form factor.
Mark W. Adams: Sure. I think if you look it over -- the impact from the execution of the additional capacity we got out of Inotera, the overall output grew. And then our -- when I referred to the bit shipments, our bit shipments in servers grew as well, but not at the overall capacity.
Mark W. Adams: I think from an opportunity standpoint, there's an immense opportunity as we get more and more converted over to 30-series product, I think, if there are volumes in that category increased significantly.
Mark W. Adams: I think the demand outlook, if I understand your question, is still fairly positive. I think what you're seeing a little bit is the continued shift in mix towards the -- a higher percentage of smartphones as the overall product category. And so that's rewarding those with a portfolio that have a broad breadth of MCPs and MMC-type offerings. So -- and also, the customer concentration is different because people who were successful in smartphones weren't necessarily the leaders in the feature phone. So there's a lot of dynamics shifting. But I think overall, we still are very optimistic about the continued growth in that category.
Mark W. Adams: The best way to characterize our position on that is we think that this a kind of an adjustment in terms of what's happened out of the SSD build from the Thailand situation, which we've commented on in the call today. We think it's a short-term phenomenon. We're pretty optimistic in the back half the year that the demand and supply balance in NAND will continue.
D. Mark Durcan: Well, I'm not sure I'm going to be able to give you a whole lot of clarity on this, but, obviously, there are a lot of things that go into the mix when you look at consolidation opportunities, and you have to look at all of them in aggregate in order to make a decision as to whether something is going to be beneficial to Micron or its shareholders or not. Some of the things that we look at, obviously, are: What's the potential price of the assets you're looking at? What do you get beyond just physical assets in terms of intellectual property or technology? What is the form of consideration you might be contemplating? How does it change the competitive landscape relative to product portfolio? Clearly, we always can get -- well, not always, but we typically consider that we'll have scale efficiencies not only at the manufacturing level but also at the operating expense, R&D, SG&A. So scale has virtue in our business. All of those things kind of go in the hopper as well as probably a number that I didn't think of off the top of my head, but we look at all of those.
D. Mark Durcan: Yes, well, I think there is some supply off-line. I'd put it in the 5% to 10% range currently. And with the recent uptick in pricing, I think you would normally see some of that coming back online, but you've got to balance that against, obviously, the situation that some of our competitors find themselves in of -- relative to cash availability. And so I think we're at a reasonably stable point currently with maybe a small amount of capacity coming back online in some of the Taiwanese manufacturers.
D. Mark Durcan: Sure. Our internal modeling is in the sort of 65% to 70% range. But there's -- obviously, there’s some guardrails around that. We don't have complete accuracy or precision relative to our information. What can drive that up and down, obviously, is mix of 3-level cell versus 2-level cell versus single-level cell. So product mix going to the market can have a significant impact on bit growth without necessarily having a significant impact on profitability or cost per wafer. We have seen some level of new capacity come -- certainly planning to come into the market, and we've seen that be what I would characterize as relatively measured and, in some cases, muted relative to initial plans. And so I think what we anticipate is something in the 65% to 70% range. And if the market's stronger, maybe it'll be a little bit higher. And if the market's weaker, maybe it'll be a little bit lower.
D. Mark Durcan: Oh, I'm sorry. 2013, obviously, less visibility. And from a technology migration perspective, we would expect it to be slower as opposed to -- as compared to 2012. So less from technology migrations. However, there is capacity coming online, and I don't have that figure exactly in front of me. So I would say it's probably in a similar range, actually, when you bake it all together.
D. Mark Durcan: No, I think that's a good characterization of what's going on, Kipp, is mix more and more drives what the bit growth is going to be on -- in any given quarter. In terms of just an overall "What are we looking at for the next couple of quarters for DRAM," as we noted, next quarter flattish and in that same range, probably more later in the year. On NAND, I think I'd say 15%, plus or minus, and lumpy going forward.
D. Mark Durcan: Same level as last quarter. So let me just add on this, this mix issue. To the extent you see significant ASP declines that are toggled [ph] by mix, I mean, you also are seeing some pretty significant cost declines in those same products.
D. Mark Durcan: Yes, we're actually very encouraged with the progress on our 30-nanometer, not only in terms of yields and the way the ramps are going generally but also the quality level and the power performance it's delivering for the server market. So we anticipate that we will be able to accelerate that 30-nanometer ramp above and beyond what we would normally do. And we're still in the early process of qualifying all those products, but we're very encouraged by the way that's going. So generally speaking, we believe that we'll be able to ramp that node more aggressively than maybe we would typically do while maintaining a good mix of servers.
D. Mark Durcan: Well, I think what we're trying to say is about 30% of the trade NAND is SSDs in one way, shape or form. So either internal SSDs or NAND that we sell into somebody else's SSD products.
D. Mark Durcan: Yes, that's going to be -- again, it's going to be driven by product mix and the applications we're serving. I commented at the beginning of the call that we're actually ramping 20-nanometer in all 3 fabs and are now making plans to position additional capacity given the way technology node is going as well. So we're quite happy with the 20-nanometer performance and its acceptance in the marketplace. And that'll probably drive us to accelerate conversion as opposed to what we originally had planned.
D. Mark Durcan: So this is Mark. Let me take the 20-nanometer DRAM node. That'll be early production in the summer next year.
D. Mark Durcan: Well, it'll -- yes, typically, the higher density's selling at a slight discount, although early in the life, you can actually get a premium. So it kind of depends when the other guys get caught up. So there'll also be -- by the way, it makes it 2-bit, 3-bit-per-cell. As I commented coming into the call, we're sampling our 3-bit, 20-nanometer, 120-gig as well.
D. Mark Durcan: Yes, again, we don't like to forecast either gross margins or net margins moving forward in time. There's just too much uncertainty relative to ASPs. What we can say is that the increased scale that we now have at our -- in our NAND business, not only by virtue of the asset acquisition from Intel but also by virtue of the successful ramp of IMFS, puts us in a much better position relative to our operating expenses relative to the overall scale of our business.
D. Mark Durcan: No, I don't think so. We're anticipating that'll close very early in April. And again, we think it's a pretty beneficial agreement for both partners, actually. And Ron, by the way, is just reminding me that the other significant thing to keep in mind relative to the asset acquisition from Intel is that the -- when you think about Micron's margins in NAND overall, there's a significantly higher percentage now of that product that is trade NAND versus sold at Intel to cost. So that will also have an impact in the way you model margins.
D. Mark Durcan: I think obviously, there's a lot of puts and takes that get you to the aggregated view. But I think generally speaking, we're looking at a richer mix as we move into fiscal Q3, especially in DRAM.
D. Mark Durcan: That is our prediction for trade production from Micron's trade business as I described it. As I just mentioned, we don't expect to see a big swing in the current quarter we're in right now, the third quarter.
Kipp A. Bedard: We had a -- as Mark commented in his opening remarks, Shawn, the operations all executed quite well. So in all the categories that we gave guidance for last quarter, we beat them all.
Kipp A. Bedard: Pretty close, yes. We're -- we beat that. We guided mid to high teens. Last quarter, we beat that by a little bit.
Kipp A. Bedard: Yes, we're seeing a nice shrink road map there, and again, taking into consideration the comments we just made about a lot of times the specialty cost per bit is slightly higher than the commodity cost per bit. So as you're transitioning to more of those bits on a Q-to-Q comparison, you may not get what you expect to see in the old days when 90% of the output was all PC commodity and you could go through a shrink and measure a pretty -- put a pretty linear methodology. So keep this mix shift in mind.
Kipp A. Bedard: We won't break out the contribution, if you will, to that sell-through. But generally speaking, we have about a couple more quarters to work through that inventory.
Kipp A. Bedard: If I understood your question right, it was a little bit confusing, but I think the answer you're looking for is about 30%.
Kipp A. Bedard: John, it looks like, if you look at the third-party data, it's probably anywhere between, on a production basis, 30% to 35% bit growth in 2012.
Kipp A. Bedard: And with that, we'd like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you'll please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language. During the course of this call, we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on this call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Thank you.
