Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. Over the last year, Micron delivered strong performance in the face of significant challenges from COVID. I am thankful to the Micron team whose tenacity and resilience enabled us to navigate this challenging period and maintain production at normal levels while continuing to advance our technology and product portfolio. Micron is poised to emerge stronger in calendar 2021 as the world recovers from the pandemic. We are confident in our roadmap to further enhance our competitive position while exercising supply discipline. We are in a better position than ever before, and this has been recognized by our customers. Recently, Micron received supplier awards from multiple customers, including from tier 1 China smartphone OEMs. We also continue to make great strides in advancing our corporate responsibility agenda. In November, Micron published our fiscal year annual diversity, equality and inclusion report, detailing our progress over the year and our commitments for fiscal year 21. In 2020, we increased our female board representation and also made investments to improve representation of all underrepresented groups, including Blacks and Latinx in technical and leadership roles. We expanded our pay equity initiative beyond gender to also include other underrepresented groups and to consider total compensation across pay and equity awards. We are working with industry organizations to establish best practices in supplier diversity and to support the inclusion and competitiveness of diverse suppliers in the semiconductor industry. And finally, we leveraged the power of Micron's influence in the communities where we live and work to advocate for greater social justice and safety globally. We are also proud to report that in November, we were added to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, joining the ranks of the most sustainable American companies. We aim to build on this recognition as we advance on our sustainability goals this year. Thank you. And now we will open the call for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So let me be clear that when we're referring to nonmemory component shortages, we were referring to those and our end markets, our customers experiencing certain end market shortages. And yes, without those nonmemory component shortages, yes, the overall demand could have been even somewhat higher. And these nonmemory component shortages that some of our customers are experiencing, they relate to general tightness in the foundry space, logic, 8 inch, 12 inch nodes, there's some of our customers and there is end market hardware are experiencing certain shortages, so that's what we are referring to. Of course with respect to our [old] [ph] supply chain, this is an area given some of the foundry shortages that are existing today, we are continuing to manage our supply chain today. We do not see for this quarter any specific shortages in terms of our ability to supply any nonmemory shortages with respect to our ability to supply product to our customers. Of course as we highlighted in our script, we do see certain shortages in memory, particularly in DRAM across several parts of the market. And with respect to our [whole] [ph] supply chain aspect, we have factored those in the outlook that we have provided. And the supply chain has really excellent operations team and we continue to work with our suppliers, with our partners to make the best assessment in terms of managing our own supply chain. So again, to be clear, we were not pointing to any nonmemory component shortages in this quarter for our own manufacturing supply chain, we were referring more to our customers’ end markets where they're experiencing certain nonmemory component shortages. Of course from the point of view of our own supply chain, we continue to monitor some of the trends that are there in the tech supply chain, there's certain parts of the supply chains running tight, we continue to monitor those in terms of any impact on our business, as well as work closely with our customers to understand those demand trends.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So John, I mean we're giving you our best estimates with respect to demand assessment. And you would absolutely right to point out that the end market demands are certainly the demand trends are strong. The trends, the secular trends of AI, 5G, cloud and intelligent edge, including smart vehicles is absolutely strong growth driver for memory and storage in the years to come. Keep in mind for calendar year 2020, particularly in the late part of calendar year 2020, the demand went up strongly. So when we look at DRAM demand growth for calendar year 2020, we said that it is somewhat above 20% in calendar year '20 on a year-over-year basis. So that's what has really adjusting some of our assessment for calendar year '21 in terms of high-teens for the DRAM demand growth. In terms of how we come about these numbers we are always working closely with our customers, our market intelligence team is assessing the end market demand trends. What we see is over the course of next few years for DRAM that stronger than the average of the market would be mobile. 5G will be a long-term growth driver. In 2021, we do expect that 5G phones will be twice of what they were in calendar year 2020, going from 250 million units to 500 million units. And no question that average DRAM content in the 5G phones increases substantially as well, with minimum DRAM in 5G smartphones being 6 gigabyte. Yes, graphics, gaming consoles, new gaming consoles, new gaming graphics cards, also a strong driver and stronger than the average in 2021 of the DRAM growth. So I would be expect to be healthy and strong in 2021 as well based on all the reports that you have seen from various cloud suppliers about their CapEx investments and their workloads moving more toward AI and machine learning driving greater demand. And also certainly in 2021 auto unit sales will be demanding. And all of these and auto of course as vehicles are becoming more intelligent also driving greater content. All of these markets that I just mentioned, mobile, graphics, cloud, auto, we believe will grow stronger than the average of the market in 2021. Weaker than our average of the market would be the PC, although, PC overall will have unit growth in 2021 and Micron is well positioned with PC market as well. All I'm saying is that compared to the average of the industry, the DRAM bit growth in PC, I believe would be somewhat less than the average. And enterprise continues to be somewhat weak as well. And with the recovery rebound from the pandemic, we would expect during the course of the year, enterprise will recover as well. So these are all -- this is how we look at the end market in 2021. And this is what leads us particularly on the heels of a very strong above 20% bit growth in calendar year 2020, this is what leads us to project high teens kind of number for 2021. And when we look beyond that, as you noted we see that overall, DRAM CAGR, multiyear CAGR will be mid teens to high teens, some years maybe a little bit less, some years little bit more, but we are talking about the general CAGR there. And of course, we work closely with our customers, we work closely with understanding their demand and we also have annual supply agreements with several of our customers in various parts of the market. This is all what helps us build the intelligence that led us to the numbers. And John, we look at these numbers on a very regular basis, we assess them and of course we make adjustments as is necessary. And when we make adjustments in those projections, we of course make adjustments in our own expectations of how to manage our supply, because our goal is to manage our supply growth to be in line with the industry demand growth on a CAGR basis.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So on the cost downs for this year, as you mentioned, DRAM our expectation is that we see mid single digit cost downs this year that is our -- the cost impacts of the disruptions we experienced at the beginning of this quarter and late last quarter are embedded in that for sure. As you look into more, I should say as we progress through this year and into next year, 1-alpha will become more and more of our volume, that should bode well for our cost declines. And that’s one of the reasons why we think most of the cost decline we'll see in DRAM is really back end, back half of FY21 loaded. But we do expect to see that lead to further cost improvements in FY22 as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So if you looked at last year, FY20, our cost declines were pretty negligible actually on NAND, because of the transition to the first generation of replacement gate. And really the only area where we got any sort of cost declines was in the change over and depreciation for NAND from five to seven years. As we move into the second generation, as we talked about this 176 layer has a particularly good cost structure. And so that will obviously be the big factor in terms of driving our cost declines in the low teens for this year. And again, we're going to be ramping this through the year and into next year. So we do feel like this will be a tailwind for our cost reductions as well. You didn't ask about this but on top of that, as we talked about on the call, we have good momentum in QLC that should be also a good tailwind for NAND costs as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So as it relates to graphics that is in single digits overall as part of the industry as well as part of our business, if anything Micros actually leads in the graphic segment. With respect to our leading-edge, high performance power efficient DRAMs, our GDDR6, our GDDR6X products are very well-positioned with industry-leading specification in the graphics market. You know about GDDR6X that would be introduced with the PAM4 interface with twice the data transfer rate of the traditional DRAM memory before. So we are very proud of our leadership in the graphics market and certainly some part of our graphics market addresses the crypto mining applications as well. So that's embedded within our graphics revenue that we talked about. Basically some of the graphics cards that are built using GDDR6 and GDDR6X memory and other graphics memories that we supply are used in crypto mining applications. And crypto mining is just pointing to yet another continuing digitization of the economy, yet another application. It will be an important -- crypto currency will certainly be very important in the future and data mining needs there, crypto mining needs definitely need higher performance memory and Micron DRAM memory, Micron graphics products are well-positioned in that part of the market.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes, it's simply is, Tim, the later of what you just said that it is, the overall demand in 2021, we absolutely based on all the demand drivers that we see, that we describe in our script, we see really continued strong trend of demand in 2021. So it is what you said that 2020 has a higher base, because 2020 demand for DRAM went above 20% with that higher base compared to our prior expectations we have said that high-teens. Nonetheless, let there be no confusion, I mean 2021 overall DRAM demand trend across the board, across our market except for the enterprise where we have said enterprise resense will go away once the pandemic recovery takes fold fully on the economy. But whether it is auto, or it is smartphones, or it is cloud, or graphics, all of these end markets are pointing to strong demand of units, as well as strong demand for average content increases in 2021. So we are very excited about the demand opportunities. And keep in mind this is in the backdrop of CapEx management, disciplined CapEx management in the DRAM industry leading really to a supply environment where we think that the supply growth will be less than the industry demand growth in 2021, which steps up 2021 very nicely for the DRAM fundamentals. And that too with Micron's execution on technology and products continuing to strengthen our position there really very proud and excited about Micron's position with industry leading 1-alpha node now, which of course over the course of next selling quarters will be ramping into production.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So with respect to cloud, yes, I mean, compared to our pre-COVID expectations, 2020 was a strong year for cloud and we did well. It was good for the industry and it was good for us as well. And yes, we definitely in 2021 as well continue to see strength in cloud, healthy business environment, healthy demand for cloud and continuing to work with our leading edge technology nodes as we get that ready into production with 1-alpha to get that qualified with our customers. So yes, cloud is long term secular demand driver for our industry. And again, it is the trend of AI and ML and the workloads that are requiring more memory. And you are absolutely right to note that companies are in 2021 introducing new CPU's and compute architectures, which will have more cores, which will have more channels, more DRAM attach rate. And with the end market appetite of need for more memory and the compute architectures and processes enabling greater DRAM attach rate in the servers, yes, this trend of more memory in the cloud environment will continue in this trend it's here to stay for considerable period of time even beyond 2021 timeframe. With respect to DDR5 that is really in the very early innings at this point. We are happy with our product position there. And the DDR5 will start picking up in terms of revenue opportunity later on in 2021.
Sanjay Mehrotra: We’re still in the qualification phases and there’s some revenue opportunity, but we are well position.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So certainly, NAND as traditionally has been the case, has elasticity that is an important part of the NAND market and even elasticity will continue to drive greater content in the various end market applications from the smartphones, to client notebook computers, to data center applications as well. And post the pandemic, we definitely expect that across the tech space, there will be release of pent up demand and that itself for a couple of years is going to drive increasing demand. Overall, when we look at 2021, we expect the demand growth in NAND to be approximately 30%. And our estimation is that supply perhaps somewhat above demand. And as elasticity kicks in, as the post COVID, post-pandemic and what demand environment builds up, as well as with greater focus from the industry in terms of management of the supply then we do believe that NAND fundamentals can strengthen. As far as Micron is concerned, I mean, we definitely are extremely focused on managing our supply growth with discipline. With our 176-layer NAND, we are very excited about our industry first position with this technology, but we manage our supply growth. And we expect that Micron supply -- overall, supply growth will be below the industry demand growth. And of course, we will supplement that with some of the inventory. So that in terms of our shipment growth in 2021, it will be in line with the industry demand growth expectations. But management of the supply, I think is an important factor in the industry in terms of overtime, returning to the healthier levels of the NAND industry along with elasticity and post-COVID NAND demand environment.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So again, I think both for DRAM and for NAND, I think it is extremely important for us at Micron on an ongoing basis to stay disciplined with respect to supply growth, with respect to investments in CapEx to manage our supply grows to be in line with the industry demand growth expectations on a CAGR basis. And this is where our focus is, because that's the best way to generate ROI on our investment. We feel very good about our CapEx discipline and are focused on really driving profitability of the business through increasing our share, not just chasing bit share but increasing the profit share of the industry. And this is where are focused on differentiated solutions, both in NAND as well as in DRAM to strengthen our position, to strengthen the merits of the product portfolio is an important part of our strategy. But with respect to the CapEx discussions, it always is about really discipline on supply growth, staying in line with the demand growth.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And with respect to smartphone content growth, certainly with 5G the average content continue to increase in smartphones. We have talked about in the past that how DRAM content in smartphones is 8 gigabyte to 12 to 16 gigabyte, even in certain phones and average content increase in the smartphone market will be in the double digit. And again, in the smartphone, I think it's important to understand that not only is it about the 5G number of units increasing, more than doubling calendar year '20 or calendar year '21 going from 250 million 5G smartphones in '20 to 500 million plus in 2021. But the average content of DRAM is increasing in these 5G phones as well. So that's the multiplicative impact with respect to the DRAM demand growth in the smartphone market. And if you look at the calendar of DRAM content over the course of next three years or so, that CAGR of average content growth in the smartphone market is in the double digits range. So smartphone will continue to be a strong market and we are very well positioned with our NAND and DRAM combination to address the growing opportunities in the smartphone markets. We mentioned in the earnings call prepared remarks that our MCP revenues, MCPs with multi chip packages that include DRAM as well as NAND we are extremely well positioned being the manufacturer of both DRAM and NAND that MCP revenue hit a record in our fiscal Q1 timeframe. So smartphones, continues to be a strong and the largest market for DRAM and NAND and we are really well positioned there and quite excited about the opportunities here, including introduction of our LPGDDR5 and uMCP5 industry leading solutions.
