Kipp Bedard: Thank you very much and welcome to Micron Technology's second quarter 2013 financial release conference call. On the call today is Mark Durcan, CEO and Director; Mark Adams, President; and Ron Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance. This conference call, including audio and slides, is also available on our website at micron.com. If you have not had an opportunity to review the first quarter 2013 financial press release, again it is also available on our website at micron.com. Our call will be approximately 60 minutes in length. There will be an audio replay of the call, access by dialing (404) 537-3406 with a confirmation code of 21046896. This replay will run through Thursday, March 28, 2013 at 5:30 p.m., Mountain Time. A webcast replay will be available on the company's website until March 2014. We encourage you to monitor our website at micron.com throughout the quarter for the most current information on the company, including information on the various financial conferences that we will be attending. Please note the following Safe Harbor statement.
Kipp Bedard: Thanks, Mark. We would now like to take questions from callers. (Operator Instructions) With that we would like to open up the phone lines.
Kipp Bedard: Thank you, Dean. Really appreciate it. We'd like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you will please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language. During the course of this call we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on the call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Thank you.
Mark Durcan: Thanks Kipp. I’d like to start today with an overview of the key developments during the quarter and follow up with a few strategic and industry updates. Then I’ll turn it over to Ron for a financial summary and we’ll close with Mark Adams discussing key developments in our business units, operations and market conditions. Our second fiscal quarter was highlighted by improving market fundamentals in memory, along with solid execution from an operations and financial perspective. We had significant growth in key segments, including SOCs and server DRAM. Personal Systems, a segment which has been a drag on our financial performance for some time, has rebounded significantly due mostly to structural supply shifts in the market. As we suggested in the last earnings call, we took a significant step forward with the successful restructuring of our supply agreement with Inotera, effectively doubling the wafer output we receive from them. We’re pleased with the increased scale and profit opportunity this restructuring process provided. As you will have noted in the release, revenue in the quarter was up about 13%, with strong growth in DRAM and NAND. Gross margins were up significantly from 12% to 18%, again with improvements in both DRAM and NAND. Ron will get into more of the detail for the quarter from a financial perspective. We’re building a very large and diversified memory business and remain focused on making capital and segmentation decisions to optimize margin and free cash flow over time. The Elpida acquisition process remains on track. Creditors voted in favor of the reorganization plan and the Tokyo District Court approved the plan at the end of February. In addition, all of the country and regulatory approvals have been completed. Closing the transaction remains subject to the satisfaction of waiver and waiver of certain conditions, including finalization of the Tokyo District Court’s approval order under Japanese bankruptcy rules and recognition of Elpida’s reorganization plan by the U.S Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. We believe Elpida’s financial performance is consistent with current market industry trends. A successful close will increase our overall trade memory capacity by about 45% from today’s level without impacting industry supply. This capacity initially will be all DRAM. However, our 300 millimeter capacity is fungible and can support other advanced memory manufacturing technology. We’re taking steps to enable flexibility to transition a portion of our capacity demand should market demand and returns on our investment warrant. I mentioned last quarter that we would continue to look for ways to streamline all of our manufacturing operations, including the 8-inch front-end capacity. With that in mind, we made the decision to sell our 200 millimeter image sensor fab in Avezzano, Italy in Q2. We believe this is a positive step to keep us focused on memory market and optimize our overall margin structure. We don’t have any other plans to announce today, but we will continue to look for opportunities to streamline our operations. In terms of the memory market, supply dynamics in particular appear to be healthy looking forward. We believe the DRAM industry wafer capacity will be down in both 2013 and 2014 and process technology upgrades are being stressed out, thereby reducing supply growth compared to historical trends. In the NAND market, we see a favorable supply and demand balance. We have the benefit of significant demand growth in several applications such as SSDs and smartphones, coupled with generally stable supply conditions due to slowing process technology changes. I’ll stop here and turn it over to Ron and Mark before returning for Q&A.
Mark Durcan: So this is Mark. The Inotera fab is really just in the last phases of completing the 30-nanometer ramp. That CapEx is really pretty much completely funded at this point. So the forward-looking CapEx for them will occur late in 2013 and into the first half of 2014 to drive a 20-nanometer transition. I wouldn’t expect that to be overly steep but it could occur throughout the totality of 2014 with most of the CapEx coming in the front half of that year.
Mark Durcan: We are not going to comment on what Elpida has been doing on their internal operations. What we have told you before relative to forward-looking CapEx for Elpida, is that on average it just looks similar to our own technology migrations and capital intensity which we don’t believe is overly burdensome.
Mark Durcan: We are not going to comment on particular facilities. And really what I intended to convey to you is that we were making steps to provide ourselves with flexibility to make those moves, but not necessarily a commitment to any particular timeline or magnitude of those changes. So I think what you will see is activity going on at Micron fabs in order to lay the ground work so that we have the flexibility to do that. In the short-term what that means is more engineering activity and a small amount of incremental tool installations and minor disruptions in ongoing operations, but no significant capacity decisions are made at this point.
Mark Durcan: Yeah, I think that’s right. There's really two things driving the cumulative impact on ASPs for us. One is the relative [lag] contract spot and the other is the change in our mix that has occurred with the addition of the Inotera increment. Now over time obviously we’ll start moving more of that capacity into value-added segments. But the initial slug of capacity came in the PC area.
Mark Durcan: The answer to the first question is we don’t think that the distributors are in a good inventory position at this point relative to six, 12 months ago. We think it’s a pretty lean there as well. Quite honestly there is just not that much capacity available for those channels for them to take that position. As it relates to the NAND piece of the equation, there are certainly pockets of NAND that are in tight constraint as well. A lot of that is driven by the production mismatch sometimes what the requirements are on higher density SSDs. So we’re seeing real tough pockets on the [limits] of available supply for some of the SSD categories.
Mark Durcan: So what we’re seeing in terms of overall raw capacity, it would be -- mobile certainly would be at the top of that list. PCs are probably second when you factor in tablets and it depends where you put tablets in the overall ranking. Server is actually pretty significant. You’ve got single digit growth, but pretty significant server DRAM content growth and that’s becoming more and more of a growth category in terms of bit consumption. And of course you’ve got the automotive and networking as you go down that list.
Mark Durcan: Yeah, but in balance remember now it’s kind of a science as you just highlighted. When you’re a manufacturer of DRAM you’ve got to make those calls on production based on where those products are going. You can’t just take a mobile bit and make it available a PC guy or vice versa in a given production period. So the unit growth in PC might not be super high, but the balance of PC bits and PC demand is pretty healthy right now.
Mark Durcan: We are not going to talk about which fabs we would or wouldn’t consider. We will consider, actually all our fab, all our 300-mm fabs I think are candidates and we are not going to be forecasting which ones we may or may not do.
Mark Durcan: I can't vouch for your timeframe on what the competitors have done previously [lost] at mature yields. However, I would say that anything that we would consider would be on a much lower frequency than switching back and forth to take advantage of short market cycles. It would be much more along the lines of permanent transitions as opposed to high-frequency change to capture small changes in temporary market conditions.
Mark Durcan: Well Doug, as you know, we've increased our capacity a lot in terms of the NAND business with our restructure of the Intel relationship. On the DRAM side, this is the first quarter that we're seeing some of the effects of the Inotera volume and obviously Intel – the Elpida deal hasn't closed. So we're still more heavily weighted to OEM contract pricing in the volume markets, specifically and it's obviously true in specialty. So our model today is pretty heavily focused on contract and that's why as I mentioned in my earlier comments that that lag effects shows up in our ASP and Micron relative to what you see in the DRAM exchange. But we see that gap closing in Q3, like it normally does in a recovery market.
Mark Durcan: Yeah, so I think the overall SSDs we see year-on-year unit growth '13 over '12 in the 60% to 70% range. Of course ours is growing much faster than that. I think part of that is, you know any time you have a new technology like SSDs they were a lot of competitors in the market. Some were just weren’t able to compete long term and that opens up market share for people who are in it for the long term, such as Micron. We have always said that we believe people with access to the NAND, manufacturing the NAND are going to have an advantage and we think it's driven by our growth in the SSD market that’s playing out pretty well. And we are optimistic we are going to continue to outgrow the market in the short term.
Mark Durcan: Well, we’re all about margins. So we’re going to take a look at where we think the margin's going to be for us on a relative basis and it's got to be sustainable. But that’s what I meant when I talked about low frequency and short frequency changes here. We’re not going to be jerking our manufacturing capacity around to take advantage of short perturbations in the market, but we are going to try and align our capacity with the long-term demand and where we think we can drive higher margin business. So we identify an unfulfilled segment of the SSD market. We may want to go after capacity in place to service that. Likewise, if we see something particularly attractive in package-on-package DRAM or something of that nature, we want to make sure we're there too. So we're going to identify those high margin opportunities and move our capacity there to intercept them. Hope that’s not too fuzzy for you, but that's really all I can tell you.
Mark Durcan: Well good question. I guess to Ron's earlier comments, we generally have a difficult time ultimately predicting ASPs which obviously are 50% of the impact to gross margin. So, maybe I'll just end the call or give you one more chance with questions without trying to lead you to gross margins particularly. We do have a few views but maybe I'll just let that for market speculation for now.
Mark Adams: Jim, this is Mark Adams. I think the numbers, we kind of based our planning around in the 30% to 40% range of the NAND bit growth and I would expect Micron to be to the upper end of that range but basically right around there.
Mark Adams: This is Mark Adams. I’ll take the first part of the question. The NAND business is kind of funny when you think about where it was and where it is today. It used to be a very seasonal business. You had memory card and USB and MP3 players all over driven by either back to school or the holiday sales. Today where you see NAND bits going, that’s more diversified and less seasonal. So you referenced some changing customer dynamics around NAND, but in general the demand driver is still really solid coming out of the holiday period as I mentioned in my opening comment. And we think it looks pretty good balanced when you think about 30% to 40% bit growth and when you still think about strong demand across a growing SSD environment, smartphones now we’re growing the unit. We’re taking on some more content. We think overall when you couple that with tablets it’s a real healthy outlook for us in the remainder of 2013 calendar.
Mark Adams: Sure. I am assuming you are referring to the volume segment to client business. On average it's kind of in the 127-128 gigabyte on the client side. When you look at the enterprise part of the business, obviously a little bit higher, towards the, somewhere in the mid-240 on the enterprise side and we think that will continue to go up. As I mentioned earlier, it's interesting that we had a little bit of a negative impact on the ASP per gigabyte calculation as you go to higher density drives. But we think that will continue to go, as far as the density consumption, that will continue to go up throughout the year both in the client SSDs.
Mark Adams: Well, I think what we're seeing in general on that side is continuing increase in content albeit at a much lower amount or quantity if you will. If you look at gigabytes and gigabits -- DRAM's based on the gigabyte per your handset. In the smartphone business we’re projecting it's up about 37% year-on-year. If you look at NAND in the premium segment, which is up double digits as well, we’re seeing some of the tail off in some of the feature phone environments. But we think DRAM and NAND will continue to get pretty solid growth in content. Again it's nowhere near in comparisons to what SSD’s volume is in terms of storage content, but again increasing content nonetheless.
Mark Adams: Daniel, so first of all, it's a May close. So after May we wouldn't have any volume that would shift over. That's when the close actually occurs. In terms of impact on our financials, the Imaging business is a piece of our other non-segment category in our financial statement if you look at our 10-Ks and 10-Qs and it's a predominant share of it, but it's not everything that's in there. If I look at the recent quarters, we have been running relatively negative on margin, not large amounts. It's zeros to tens of millions of dollars kind of range per quarter and often around zero because that’s the target in structuring. So you think about it, in recent history, it's probably a slight improvement, marginally a few million dollars per quarter.
Mark Adams: I think it's in the 20% to 30% range that most people are prognosticating and that looks about right to me.
Mark Adams: I think the easiest way to think of it is there is a spend for 1,000 wafers per week or 1,000 wafers per month that we would typically make the move DRAM fab 4, the technology node or NAND fab 4 to technology node. It's about the same. So if we want to take a leading edge DRAM fab and move it forward, move it to a leading edge NAND node, it's about same spending that it would be to take the same path and move it forward to the next node in DRAM. It’s that same capital intensity. It's just choosing a slightly different node to transition to.
Mark Adams: Yeah. I'd like to just reinforce the point I touched on a little earlier, which is a mobile DRAM part is not necessarily perishable to a PC DRAM part and vice versa. So as we look at the overall market, both mobile DRAM and PC DRAM are pretty healthy right now. But having said that, as you think about the market conditions, even though the PC unit growth is not -- has been projected to be low single digit to flat year-over-year, it's in pretty good balance right now. The PC market is not oversupplied as we sit here today in March. And so and the mobile market is pretty hot. But we're watching that balance because as manufacturers we have to call it right to keep the balance in good favor and that's what I think helping us both in the PC space. It’s not that end user demand for PCs are up, it's just the economics of supply and demand are providing a pretty favorable business for us in PC.
Mark Adams: I think we will just continue to work with our customers to work on adoption. We get a little concerned when we try to think too much about what's out in the press and the marketing of these types of technologies. It's really about customer adoptions and manufacturing output aligned to overall demand there. We have got qualified DDR4 product out there to Intel and others (inaudible).
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Can I just clarify a point, because when I hear your forecast -- not forecast but your statements about ASPs for the quarter in DRAM. Is it right to say that what's really happening is as you take on more Inotera wafers, it actually impacts the ASP increase because of mix but it actually is still contributing solidly to the profitability.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: That’s an important point. Second thing Mark, actually just to clarify, you made a statement about channel inventory being very lean. I just wanted to clarify, when you look into distributors, you don’t feel like those guys are trying to build inventory as they sometimes do when pricing is rising and related to that, are you also on allocation for NAND? You suggested you were selling DRAM.
Glen Yeung - Citigroup: Just one last quick question. Thinking about the pull that you’re seeing for DRAM from now a variety of end markets, not just normal PC, I wonder if you could rank the end markets now in terms of what areas are pulling DRAM at the greatest or fastest growth rate be it server, networking, mobile or PC.
Ronald Foster: Let me take the CapEx piece. Let me take the CapEx piece. We're going to be very disciplined on CapEx here moving forward, and there is a lot of good reasons for that. First of all, of course, I already mentioned, we've got options relative to the capacity we have in terms of how we move that around between the various technologies and market segments to optimize margin. that can all be done relatively cost effectively. So I think in terms of, that’s our most desirable way to adjust our capacity to match any imbalances we see. But beyond that there is a couple of reasons why it -- I think you will see that Micron in particular maybe others be somewhat reticent as they think about putting new fabs online and that’s this whole technology environment that we see today relative to -- we have 20-nanometer in volume production. I think most of the folks are working on technologies down as low as maybe be 14-nanometer for planar. But beyond that most of the competitors are working on 3D and you know there is just a big mismatch in the type of capacity you put in place for 3D versus what you put in place for those end of life planar technologies. And so I think people are going to be pretty circumspect about how much capital they go spend on their capacity over the next couple of years while their prepping for a 3D transition sometime out in 2015-2016.
Ronald Foster: Yeah, John, in terms of the OpEx risk last quarter, we had a couple of favorable [effects] I called out in the SG&A side regarding legal expenses, and they just happen to be lighter related to some of those legal activities that are hard to predict and they have lumpiness in accruals. On the R&D side, it varies, as I commented related to wafer calls and timings of releases of products to production. So some of that’s shifting between COGS and R&D, so it's a question of which bucket we put it in. So you need to understand that where in many cases it's just moving dollars around. But the guidance I gave you for the third quarter is roughly in line with where we have been historically and I would see it as a more normal trend line.
Ronald Foster: Doug, this is Ron. One of the – that's a good question about stability. One of the challenges we have in trying to give hard guidance if you will is just the variability in our pricing. Historically it's been related to wild variability and volatility in ASPs and PC DRAM pricing for example. Going forward, we have the added challenge of a very nice mix of products that we've been able to develop in the recent years and it continues to expand and as you've seen us call out in conference calls, we have a lot of mix adjustments we have to do in our messaging. With that combination of ASP volatility, which at least is still with us to-date and variation and mix, it's pretty challenging to try to call it. But we do try to point you as you know on the direction of where we think things are headed as best we can.
Ronald Foster: If I can help you a little bit with that, it did increase our exposure to personal systems memory, which is what you’re referencing with from around 13% of total revenues in Q1 to around 18% or high-teens in Q2. I think I'll let Mark talk more around the pricing dynamics and the demand dynamics, but those are the favorable points for us.
Ronald Foster: Dean, this is Ron. It remains the same. We're about a 40% owner and we take 40% of it on our equity line.
