Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. We recently introduced our vision for the New Micron. We have been undergoing a fundamental transformation, driven by changes in our markets, our industry, and within our Company. Starting with our markets, data-hungry applications are driving secular growth for memory and storage solutions. Importantly, our customers recognize the essential added value that memory and fast storage provide for the solutions they deliver to their end customers. Second, the industry we operate within is structurally different than in the past. Technology transitions require more CapEx and provide less bit gain, and the pace of those transitions has slowed, given increased process complexities. The result is a more consistent and stable supply-demand outlook. These structural changes have also resulted in improved ROI over the last several years. Finally, a laser-sharp focus on executing our strategic business objectives has allowed Micron to better capitalize on our excellent technology portfolio, product breadth, manufacturing scale, customer reach, and deep team expertise. We are creating a culture of increased urgency, crisp execution, and accountability that will enable us to consistently deliver against these strategic objectives and create positive results for all stakeholders. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I just want to point out that as Dave said in his remarks that the mix of our NAND business has improved substantially, given successful execution on our strategy of shifting our products toward high value solutions. And multichip packages which have both NAND and DRAM and carry higher ASPs, on a sequential basis, we doubled our sales of those solutions in the market. And of course we did well on SSD as well, which hit a record. So, all that mix really drove our strong performance on the ASP front for the NAND business.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes. We are comfortable with our targets. As we said, we are proceeding well with our 64-layer transition into production, actually achieved bit output crossover one quarter earlier than planned, and on the DRAM side continued to do well with our 1X nanometer technology transition, which we said will have bit output crossover by the end of the calendar year, and similarly good progress in terms of our 1Y nanometer DRAM. So, yes, with respect to our overall bit growth target for the year as we have said that we believe that the industry will be in the range of 40% to 45% for NAND and will be somewhat higher, that remains the case. And with respect to DRAM, we have said in calendar year 2018, industry supply bit growth will be approximately 20% and will be in range and that stays the same as well. I’ll just point out that in FQ3, our -- the supply -- the shipment growth being flat for DRAM and NAND, as you were questioning that really is just related to the normal ebb and flow of the business in terms of qualifications of our products in those new technology nodes as well as ramp up in production of those technologies.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, we just said that at length at our investor day and as we highlighted, the markets today are structurally different compared to ever in the past. For us, they’re ever more diversified. Markets are not just about DC and DRAM. I mean, data center is driving large growth for DRAM. The AI trends, which we are very, very early innings of requires more and more DRAM in order to really perform high performance competition that AI applications rely on. So, driving -- AI applications are driving growth in the data center as well as through more intelligent devices on the edge. And smartphones, certainly where features such as AR and VR and AI getting implemented into these phones, along with all the high resolutions cameras, they require more and more DRAM as well. So, the demand drivers are diverse. They’re secular in the nature. Memory has become essential in terms of delivering the value proposition of the end market applications. So, this is what is really driving the overall robust demand drivers for our industry for DRAM. And whether it’s in data centers or in mobile or in graphics or automotive applications, all of these need more memory. And memory is now really enabling higher value as well to the end market applications. So, yes, this all bodes well for the long-term healthy industry fundamentals. And all of this reflects in our guidance as well, which speaks for itself. It’s a very robust strong guidance that we have provided for the third quarter.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And I’ll just point out that it’s only a very short period of time, just a few quarters. So, we eventually we have really driven tremendous momentum in our SSD sales and SBU. And yes, they are mostly 32-layer driven but 64-layer is starting to ramp. And as we focus on bringing our next generation of products into the market with our -- such NVMe solutions as well as more 64-layer based solutions for cloud applications, that will help improve the cost structure and certainly will bode well for the health of our SBU business going forward. So, we are very excited about the opportunities, about our very cost-effective NAND die and technology, and very focused on continuing to accelerate our product introductions and get the benefit of advanced technology nodes as well as the reduce the overall cost of SSD builds, because you know that in SSDs, there is more than just memory that goes into building SSD. So, we are extremely focused on all of those. And that bodes well for the cost structure of our SSD solutions as well as growth of the SSD business.
Sanjay Mehrotra: In terms of cost, we are continuing to ramp our -- in DRAM, our 1X technology into production. And as we said in the latter half of this year, we will achieve the bit crossover. And then that 1X technology node will continue to ramp into production even during the course of next year, just like our 20-nanometer ramp for several quarters as well. So, that will on an ongoing basis continue to provide us cost benefits. And same story on the NAND side. We are focused on continuing to go beyond bit crossover, the 64-layer now, to continue to increase the mix of 64-layer technology to production. And then, as we ready our 96-layer technology, which in my prepared remarks I said, we will be having in the second half of this year, as we ramp that up, it will then continue to provide additional cost benefits on an ongoing basis. So, you really can’t say, which quarter is the cost reduction peaking. In general this is gradual over the course of future quarters. And please do not forget, when I’m talking about NAND here, I’m talking about the NAND technology level cost reduction capabilities. Of course NAND cost is also a function of mix. I mean MCP solutions tend to carry the cost of the DRAM in them as well. So, they tend to be highest cost when you measure it as a cost per gigabyte of NAND and similarly SSD solutions because they have other cost, also tend to be higher cost. So, don’t confuse the reported cost changes quarter-over-quarter with the underlying technology capability of cost reduction. The mix plays the role in reported margin numbers that you talk about.
Sanjay Mehrotra: We can’t really comment much on it, other than the authorities in China had visited our offices and had on May 31, I believe it was, and had requested certain information. And of course we are cooperating with that. And I would just like to point out that we absolutely do remain focused on -- disciplined and operating with highest integrity methods.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I think, servers and graphics, we continue to see growth, strong growth in those areas. And again, these are long-term trends. As we described earlier that cloud and all the billions of devices on the edge, all of them becoming more intelligent and trends of AI are absolutely driving more and more demand. We had shared at the investor day, for example AI driven, AI training driven compute workloads have like 2x the amount of DRAM and 6x the amount of SSD. So, these trends are really secular in nature. We are at the very, very beginning. And same way in mobile in terms of our low power DRAM where we have very strong position, DRAM contents requirements are going -- continuing to increase. And certainly graphics in console and gaming as well as some crypto driven demand continues to be overall long term strong trend as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I think our strong execution with our products is enabling us to really broaden and deepen our reach with our cloud customers. And over the course of last few quarters, in cloud where we used to be under represented with respect to our total shares, when you look at our total share of the DRAM industry and you look at cloud, we used to be under represented but with strengthening execution, our share has increased and is in line with rest of the overall DRAM industry share. So, it is really sheer execution on our product roadmap, our ability to work closely with those customers to understand the requirements in terms of the technology, in terms of the product and certainly understanding them in terms of supply as well and being able to fulfill their requirement successfully. This is an important area of focus for us. And I am very pleased with the performance of the Company, both on the DRAM side as well as on the NAND side in this growth market.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Difficult to predict when we would need additional cleanroom space. Obviously these node transitions are requiring more footprint, more floor space as we move increasingly to more and more higher technologies. And so, I am not sure I could predict exactly when we’ll need that. What we’re trying to do is carefully build supply consistent with what Sanjay indicated as our long-term expectations around industry growth rates.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, as I pointed out earlier, we work closely with these customers and really are building strong relationships across the board. We do not see trend of building or holding product. We don’t see that. I mean we -- the demand in cloud applications has continued to increase. You have heard cloud operators, the major cloud operators increased their CapEx in Q1, calendar Q1 ‘18 over Q4 ‘17, by more than 20%. And on a year-over-year basis in calendar Q1, CapEx spend by major cloud holders increased by -- cloud operators increased by over 100%. So, this -- and of course meaningful part of that total cost CapEx from cloud operators is certainly going towards compute and storage and memory. And we are playing a good role in terms of supporting the needs of those customers. So, no, we do not see these trends. We work closely in assessing overall their demand requirements and expectations. And keep in mind that this is a global trend in terms of cloud data centers growth and there are several large operators around the world. And we are well engaged with most of them. So, if ever, there is any pause from any one of them, it doesn’t overall matter because the total trend is one of continuous growth. Again, given the value that memory and fast storage brings to the end market applications that these cloud providers are enabling for consumers as well as for businesses.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes. Certainly, we do see that average capacities of NAND continue to go up in smartphones, we discussed that at the investor day as well, and certainly for DRAM keep going up as well. In the high end smartphones, 6 gigabyte DRAM is being used. And that average capacity over time, even phones getting introduced in the future with 8 to 10 gigabyte, even 12 gigabyte. And similarly on the smartphone side, certainly average capacity of NAND content is continuing to increase nicely. I think at investor day, we had pointed out that there is a smartphone introduced in China that has in fact a terabyte of flash content. So, average capacities are continuing to increase. And yes, certainly, with the benefit that 64-layer technology has brought to the industry in terms of enabling lower manufacturing cost certainly is enabling content growth, not only in the mobile market but also in SSDs. And last year in SSDs, somewhat average capacity growth had somewhat stalled, given the supply constraints that existed last year. And now with the benefit of 64-layer, certainly average capacities are expected to continue to increase over the course of next several years. And yes, replacing HDDs as well both in client computing application as well as in enterprise applications with increasing attach rates and average capacity increases as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, we’re executing very well on our 1X as well as 1Y technology for DRAM. I think, we had already indicated that how on 1X DRAM technology we had RAM to mature yield much faster than the previous generation technology note and we have talked about that on 1X, we are on track to achieve bit output crossover in our supply in second half of this year. So, we’re absolutely on track there and very pleased with the progress on 1Y technology node in DRAM as well, which we will begin production of in the second half of this year, of course following customer qualifications.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I don’t think we have stated the core in terms of our 1Y technology mix. What we have said is that in the second half of this year we will begin production of this technology following customer qualifications. Of course that will then ramp up gradually over period of time. And of course we will be then focused on ramping up the production yields of the technology as well. I think, you’re confusing the 10% with what we have said regarding the Hiroshima space expansion. What we have said is we’re expanding the cleanroom space in Hiroshima by 10% in order to implement the 1Y transition of the install capacity there. That does not mean that we will have 10% of our DRAM production in 1Y technology. That is not the case. So, I hope I clarified that with you. But as I said earlier, we’re pleased with the progress that we’re making with our 1Y technology development and really pleased with the execution focus of our entire team on accelerating our technology development and focus on deploying these technologies into production in order to enable us to catch up on the cost competitiveness in the industry.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Again, as we have said, we are focused on executing to our strategy in terms of accelerating technology development and cost competitiveness and executing well on our products. We see strong demand trends for our products in our end markets, in the well-diversified market that we have talked about. So, I think this is what we’re focused on and this is the best way for us to focus on high ROI, return on our investments, and that’s our focus here.
Sanjay Mehrotra: With respect to eMCP, we are engaged with a broad set of customers in terms of getting our products qualified. The shipments that we have made with respect to eMCP are with 32-layer. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re also focused on qualifying 64-layer based eMCP products. And just will like to point out that along with eMCP products, we are of course also focused on qualifying our 64-layer based UFS and MMC products with our customers as well and seeing good traction there. This is all part of our strategy of shifting our portfolio toward high-value solution. Having both DRAM and NAND in those eMCP solutions gives us a unique capability to provide a strong value proposition to our customers. And of course, these solutions are also, as we pointed out in our embedded markets, automotive markets. So, there is a broad set of customers that we are engaged with for our eMCP and discrete Managed NAND solutions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: We do not provide cost reduction for these technologies. For competitive reasons, we don’t disclose that. But, I can tell you that in NAND, if you look at our track record and Micron’s capabilities of CMOS under the array we have produced the smallest die in the industry with our 3D NAND. And on the DRAM front, we are continuing to focus on bringing in next generation technology nodes to narrow the cost gap that we have currently in the industry. And we are making very good progress as you can see in our results of FQ3 as well as in our guide of FQ4; we’re making very good progress on all those fronts.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. I think, I won’t comment on the fourth quarter guidance and what’s built into it. But, I think right now what you’re seeing is a pretty healthy mix of the higher value solutions. We’re getting increasingly a higher mix of that component into our NAND -- into our NAND business. And that’s really helping keep the pricing healthy.
Dave Zinsner: Well, I think, in one case, in the second quarter when you look at the pricing, there was a bit of an aberration, I guess I’d call it, given that we had in the first quarter a higher ASP lift as it related to kind of onetime MLC sales. So, actually think when you strip that out, if we had done it like-for-like. I don’t think we made a comment on that in the second quarter. You would have found that those ASP declines were relatively modest as well.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. Well, we probably won’t get into too much detail about our guidance, other than to say we did give a range, the high end of the range is 62%, so that would actually be an improvement from this quarter. So, that’s certainly a scenario and that would encompass a more robust mix of higher margin products for sure. And this is somewhat mix dependent business. And so, we factor in that that might happen and that creates a bit of a range for us. I wouldn’t look too much into the fact that the midpoint is slightly below.
Dave Zinsner: So, just going back to the prepared remarks, the underutilization charge associated with 3D XPoint was about 700 basis points, as it hit to the SBU operating margins. We sold very little of 3D XPoint to our partner. And so, it certainly was a relatively high level. Hard to say, if this is indeed the peak, but it’s certainly close to the peak if not the peak. I think, longer term from underutilization perspective, we could continue to sell wafers to our partner, and that certainly would mitigate the underutilization charges. So, I wouldn’t dismiss the likelihood of that happening. And then, on top of that, as Sanjay mentioned earlier in the call, we are expecting 3D XPoint products towards the end of calendar year 2019 and will ramp into 2020. And that certainly will help improve the underutilization aspect of this thing, and have that go away. Having said that, we are looking to try to improve the cost structure of the storage business unit; and certainly as we transition more and more of the wafers from 32-layer to 64-layer, that will have a meaningful improvement to the cost structure of SBU.
Dave Zinsner: I mean, the low 30s is more of a longer-term model. Clearly, some years will be under the low 30s, some years we might be a little bit above the low 30s. This is a very robust year from a revenue perspective. And we had a plan where we wanted to make investments, both in DRAM and NAND, plus cleanroom space we talked about in Hiroshima and Singapore, and then also some investments, capital investments in our R&D organization. And so, I think the fact that we had a bit more revenue and we had an opportunity to make some more investments, we did take advantage of that this year. But clearly, it’s below our model. I’d tell you next year, which I’m assuming Joe is real source of your question is try to figure out what next year might look like. I don’t know the exact number yet. I mean, we’re still working up the operating plan for next year. I think Sanjay in his discussions with all of you at the analyst day made a great point about the capital intensity of these businesses going up, which is why we thought the low 30s as a percent of revenue made sense. And so, I think if you wanted to make a guess, you certainly suggest the CapEx will be up next year. The magnitude of that and exactly how that would all break down, I think is yet to be determined by us. And we will go through the process this quarter in a very granular fashion, make sure we’re getting good ROI on everything, every dollar we put into CapEx. And then, I think at the end of the fourth quarter when we’re providing guidance, we’ll give you a specific number in terms of CapEx.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. You’re right. Sanjay even mentioned that the mix of multichip products in the mobile was very healthy this quarter and they do have a NAND and a DRAM component. Their ASPs are very high. They’re margin accretive, I would point out, but the cost is actually higher. So, the cost and ASPs did go up. But it did expand the margins on the NAND side by about 50 basis points.
Dave Zinsner: As I mentioned earlier, it’s roughly in the same range for next quarter, assuming that we do not sell any 3D XPoint to our partner. I wouldn’t rule that out, as I said before, and that could happen in any quarter or multiple quarters quite honestly where we do sell product to our partner. And that would certainly reduce or mitigate that underloading charge. Absent that, I think the expectation is, as I mentioned that 3D XPoint products would start to be introduced in late calendar 2019 and the expectation is they would start to ramp shortly thereafter. And we’ll start to see the benefits of that in terms of bringing our underutilization charges down over time.
Dave Zinsner: So, inventory, as you probably noticed, was up a little bit this quarter. I’d point out that finished goods inventory was actually down by about $50 million. It was all up in whip and that was driven by this crossover on 64-layer and the ramp up of the 1X technology that drove the inventory up. Early to make a prediction on next quarter, but maybe what I’d tell you more holistically is as Manish talked about in the analyst day, we really are looking at inventory and intend to make good progress on just refining our ability to manage with lower days. So, that’s kind of our goal. But, that’ll happen over time.
