Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Mark. The memory and storage TAM is expected to grow to $330 billion by 2030 and become an increasing portion of the semiconductor market. The near-term market environment notwithstanding, we are executing extremely well on all aspects of the business that are within our control. Micron’s continuing technology, product and manufacturing leadership puts us in an excellent position to capitalize on the long-term opportunity and to extend the frontiers of what is possible with memory and storage. We will continue to exercise supply discipline and take appropriate actions to navigate through the near-term headwinds, and we remain focused on creating value for shareholders and generating healthy free cash flow cross cycle. Thanks for joining us today. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And Harlan, I’ll tell you that we work very closely with our customers. I mean our team here, Sumit, myself, I mean, we really engage very closely with our customers across our ecosystem partners here - in China as well as here in the U.S. and worldwide. So, of course, we are keeping close tabs on how the business environment is evolving.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So certainly, on the -- in terms of inventory adjustments that are primarily happening in the smartphone and the PC market. Of course, those inventory adjustments are happening in NAND as well as in DRAM. And clearly, as we have said that in terms of overall demand projection for this year, we definitely see it below -- for DRAM below the guidance we had provided earlier as well as the longer term CAGR for DRAMs mid-teens to high teens. So, we see that below that trajectory. And in terms of NAND, same thing that earlier we had said that the CAGR is high 20s, and we see that in calendar year ‘22 coming in below that. Again, adjustments are happening with respect to inventory both in smartphone and PC market. And just keep in mind that compared to earlier in the year estimation for PC growth, we now are projecting that PC year-over-year in calendar year ‘22 will be down nearly 10%. Similarly, smartphone at the start of the year was expected to grow in mid-single digits in terms of total unit sales worldwide year-over-year and now, one is looking at a decline of mid-single digits. So, a swing of 10% in smartphones as well. If you were to translate it into units, it amounts to like 130 million units reduction versus expectation earlier in the year for smartphone. And similarly for PC, let’s say, 30 million kind of reduction in terms of total units versus the projections earlier in the year. And of course, PC and smartphone combined represent half of the memory and storage worldwide demand in terms of bits, right? So, with this adjustment primarily happening in the second half of this year in these two markets, clearly that is resulting in a year-over-year change versus prior expectations in DRAM as well as NAND demand growth.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So earlier, I provided some color regarding our view on cloud. I think I will ask Sumit just to add some further color on that. And Sumit, maybe you can just take the China question as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So clearly, we don’t guide to Q1 here. But as I pointed out in the prepared remarks that we expect these inventory adjustments to be working themselves out over the course of second half of the year. We have pointed out that the inventory adjustments primarily are taking place in PC and the smartphone market. And I’ll just point out that from the past history as well, that once inventory adjustments begin in a certain part of the segment, then it takes a couple of quarters for them to work out. And here, we, of course, have macroeconomic uncertainties as well. It has been a rapidly changing and uncertain environment. And this is what we have to keep in mind when we look at when does normally see return in terms of demand. And that’s why, just like Mark pointed out here in response to the last question, we will be using inventory to address the demand next year. And we will continue to closely with our customers to understand their overall demand environment. We think that sometime in fiscal ‘23 is when -- in our fiscal ‘23 is when demand will rebound, but more importantly, it’s really about the supply-demand balance. And with respect to supply-demand balance, you can see, that we are taking actions immediately in terms of curtailing our supply growth for fiscal year ‘23 by sharing the plans with you that we are bringing down our CapEx versus our estimations earlier. So, that’s an important step. And of course, industry has shown that in DRAM that it has CapEx discipline as well. We believe our actions will also contribute toward returning the industry health sooner. So, I would expect that sometime in our fiscal year ‘23 demand will rebound as well as industry demand supply environment, there’s a store to a healthy level. But again, I will point out that, look, this is a highly uncertain rapidly changing environment. We are, of course, responding fast and -- in terms of any changes we see. So we are not been pointing to any specific quarter at this time. And again, I think what’s also important is that Micron execution continues to be really strong. I mean, whether you look from technology, product, manufacturing, customer relationships and of course, our strong balance sheet, we are well poised to emerge stronger on the other side of this downturn. So, we are really executing well, working closely with our customers to understand the latest demand trends in various end market segments and adjusting our plans as necessary and as fast as we can, and really positioning the Company for overall healthy growth in the long term. And again, the long-term trends -- as Sumit also pointed out earlier, and I shared with you, the long-term trends absolutely bode well for memory and storage.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Look, I mean, it really varies by customer to customer, right? So I mean, we can’t exactly give you some of those details here.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So look, I mean, we are in the process of firming up our plans. And when we have our FQ4 earnings call in September, of course, we will share with you some more details around calendar year ‘23. That will be more appropriate time for us to be talking about it, as well as our fiscal year ‘23. But again, the important thing to note is that our inventory is highly cost effective. I mean, Micron is leading the industry with our DRAM and NAND production nodes, right? We are several quarters ahead. So, this is a highly cost-effective inventory. Our manufacturing operations are running well. So, we will be using this inventory in fiscal year ‘23 and of course, continue to adjust our plans as necessary on the CapEx and front-end wafer technology ramps, et cetera, to bring balance into demand and supply, and which is what I pointed out earlier that overall, the combination of our inventory as well as new production growth that’s how we’re positioned to bring that into balance to meet the demand sometime in fiscal ‘23.
Sumit Sadana: Yes. I mean, I think the inventory level, as Sanjay said, is higher on the cloud customer side and generally on the data center side compared to where it was pre-COVID. The channel business on the cloud side is relatively in a better place compared to the consumer business challenges that Sanjay highlighted. But of course, different customers have different strategies on how they manage their particular inventory. And the smaller customers in the channel that focus on data center products have had more challenges getting their hands on some of these products that are in shortage like NIC cards to complete server builds, and the smaller customers are getting more impacted there than some of the bigger customers.
Sumit Sadana: Yes, sure. So, Krish, very quick on the cloud discussion. As Sanjay mentioned, the CapEx trends for our customers in the cloud space continue to be pretty strong and the end demand for cloud services and the growth in those cloud services continues to be robust. And so, of course, like you also pointed out, I mean, the inventory levels are higher compared to where they were pre-COVID. Now, it remains to be seen how the macroeconomic environment is going to cause the cloud spending trends to modulate over time. But if anything, we think that the cloud spending trends are going to be pretty secular, pretty strong. Even if there is some kind of an impact, it will come back strongly as things stabilize. And even companies that do focus on tightening their belt in this macroeconomic environment will continue to look for ways to become more efficient, become more profitable, improve their competitive positioning. And that means extracting more value from data, digitization trends to continue. So, those kind of things, we feel are going to be well sustained through the environment that may happen. But of course, a lot depends on how the macroeconomic environment evolves, and that’s why we are staying very close with customers. Switching to your China question. China has been a pretty significant impact to our FQ4 trajectory. This time last quarter when we were contemplating our FQ4 trajectory compared to that to our latest guidance that we have provided. Our view for China revenue has come down by approximately 30%. And that reduction in the China revenue has caused roughly a 10% reduction in our consolidated company-wide revenue. And so, that’s the impact to the Q4. It’s pretty substantial. And the China impact is largely driven by, of course, smartphone weakness, PC weakness, the general consumer environment there has been weak due to the COVID shutdowns, and that has percolated to different parts of the economy. So, the economic environment is weak. Now, we do feel like given the weakness in that economy, as you know, China does tend to provide stimulus to improve the financial and economic conditions, and we are hopeful that that kind of stimulus and improvement in the economy will be forthcoming in the quarters ahead. The timing of that and how it plays out with further COVID-related issues in China is unclear. But we remain optimistic that over time, the consumer demand will come back and improve things.
Sumit Sadana: Yes. Happy to talk about that. So, the long-term agreements, generally, we go out four quarters, talk about volume in each quarter. And as I have pointed out in the past, these are not meant to be take-or-pay agreements, but more meant for planning and shared assumptions and so on. We have had extensive discussions. We keep having ongoing dialogue with our customers about the environment. We obviously continue to press our customers to stick with the agreements and the quarterly SKU, et cetera, as much as possible. But, when there are such significant extraneous events that are happening, exogenous shock sometimes to the environment and such unpredictable type of situations that Sanjay was highlighting, fast-changing environment that is causing impact to the end demand, especially given some of the consumer spending shifts that are happening in the world that are causing reductions in purchasing of certain electronics products, PCs, smartphones, et cetera. Then it is not possible for our customers to purchase based on the LTAs that were established when the assumptions around the industry were very different. And so, our goal then is to work with our customers to come up with the best approach and figure out how best to position ourselves in terms of the forward-looking views of their purchasing patterns. And this is where I feel like the product momentum that we have had has played out really well. We just mentioned that our data center SSD revenue doubled in the most recent quarter year-on-year. We have tremendous product portfolio momentum across all of our products. We are shipping in volume, HBM products. We have the world’s fastest graphics DRAM product, first to market with low power DRAM and mobile and really strong capability in automotive, number one share in auto, industrial and networking. So, these all play to our strengths with our customers. So, in the areas where we want to improve our portfolio position, improve our share because they are more stable segments in the market or they are more profitable portions of the industry profit pool. That’s where we focus on. And then our portfolio strength really helps enable that transition with customers to make our own business more optimized and more profitable, more steady over time. So, that’s the engagement that we have with customers. And we use those LTAs to then drive those longer-term goals that we have with customers.
Mark Murphy: Yes. C.J., as mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect to end fiscal ‘22 at around $12 billion, so -- on total CapEx. So that would be an uptick in Q4. And that’s consistent with previous statements. Now, with bit supply growth assumptions coming off versus previous group -- the view, we’re actively working to bring spend down. And as you say, we’re confident that as we sit here today, WFE spend will be down in fiscal ‘23. We’re also evaluating construction and other large areas of spend. We’re looking to reduce utilization on some older nodes to maintain supply and drive CapEx for use and shift production to more cost-effective nodes, doing a number of things. And the market is dynamic. So, this is real time. I’m not going to size the reduction next year just at this point because it’s still moving. But at this point, we’re confident that WFE will decline year-over-year.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Tim, I’m not going to comment on definitively about our rate and pace. As you point out, the balance sheet is stronger than ever. And I think what’s most important there is we’re in a great position to sustain long-term investments as the markets a bit softer here. We’ve got $14.5 billion of liquidity, which you point out, $12 billion of that’s in cash. And that is above a liquidity target that we had set of about 35%. We’re 10 points over that. Leverage is low, 0.4% on gross and we’re in a net cash position. So, no near-term maturities, average debt maturity out 2031. So we’re in great shape. I think we want to maintain a balance sheet to be able to focus on the long term of the business. As you point out, we did return historically high levels to shareholders in third quarter. At these share price levels, we project opportunistic repurchase to increase. And then from there, we’re just focused on free cash flow growth, returning excess cash to shareholders and importantly, maintaining investment-grade rating. So, I’d say, we have ample liquidity now to repurchase at a higher rate this quarter.
Mark Murphy: It’s a good question, Tim. And you heard Sanjay talk about this briefly in his prepared remarks. Our strategy is to manage supply through inventory as a buffer and we did talk about reducing bit supply growth assumptions a bit. We are starting this sort of softer period in a pretty good place. We ended the third quarter $5.6 billion of inventories, 109 days, down from 113 days in 2Q. So, we do expect inventories to go up this quarter. And that will build in some flexibility as we work to optimize price on our products. I want to note, it’s cost-effective inventory, much of it built on leading nodes. And so, it will be competitive for a long time. And then, we’ll also use this inventory build to revisit some CapEx decisions and defer CapEx, optimize the manufacturing footprint where we can. And to CJ’s earlier question, it gives us more confidence that we can lower WFE spend next year. So, in the -- we expect it to go up a couple of weeks and days in the fourth quarter. From there, we’ll have to see how the market develops and which way it moves. We are -- we do have more complex wafer processing and more complex module products that are sort of adding some pressure on the days, but we’re also offsetting that with better cycle time, lower stock levels and so forth. So, I think the days that we would be uncomfortable with is a number that we’ve talked about in the past, around 150 days where we start to -- that’s too high a level. So, we would definitely go up in the fourth quarter, and then we’ll see where inventory levels go from there.
Mark Murphy: Okay. I got the mix of spend. I won’t give an exact number because the mix varies from year-to-year and depends on product cycles, availability of fab space and facilities and other factors. Over half of CapEx generally is manufacturing WFE, and then, the other half is split between development CapEx and construction.
Mark Murphy: Just to be specific, we’re talking about WFE for manufacturing, and that’s what I was addressing would go down year-over-year. We did not commit to going down year-over-year on construction, nor on technology development. I did say though that depending on how the market plays out here and inventory levels and supply bit growth and so forth, we continue to look at our footprint. That’s a continuous process to optimize the amount of spend. So, again, just to make sure that’s clear, WFE over half, and then the rest is construction spend -- equipment spend for R&D and assembly and test.
Ambrish Srivastava: Sanjay, good to see the financial and the CapEx discipline. With respect to supply growth and you’re ramping down supply growth heading into fiscal -- for fiscal ‘23. What’s the right way to think about demand growth? And so, within the supply meeting demand, how much do you think will be production growth, production supply versus coming from the inventory from the industry? Because I think the industry seems to be consistent in that, at least what we heard a week or two ago from one of your large competitors is also lowering CapEx. So, that’s the good part. But what -- how should we think about inventory on the balance sheet of the three participants adding to the production supply growth? And then, I had a quick follow-up for Mark as well, please.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. And Mark, real quick one on the WFE versus non-WFE, what’s the percentage? And I respect the fact that plans are still in flux, so you can’t give us a number for ‘23. But what’s the number expected to be for this year, please? Thank you.
Ambrish Srivastava: So, when you say you will be -- you could take down construction as well, that means construction as well as development, or what’s the right way to think about the kind of the playbook is what everybody is looking for if things continue to…
