Mark Durcan: This is Mark. We gave you already the CapEx spend projected for the year. In terms of how that's split technology wise, a little bit more than half on DRAM with the remainder to build out incremental 80 and 90 series NAND conversion which is 20 -- conversion to 20-nanometer and 16-nanometer as well as some early spend on 3D NAND.
Mark Durcan: Yeah, I think as well as that, I would just add that it's still a little unclear to us at least exactly when there will be a full recovery, so trying to get the dynamics around how that all plays out over time is very difficult.
Mark Durcan: Yes, Joe, you're correct. That was actually reported a production number. So, production numbers came in even better. I think Mark mentioned in his script that in particular we were pleased to see that the 20-nanometer NAND is now more than 50% of our bits produced. So we’re pretty pleased with how the team executed.
Mark Durcan: Pardon me?Doug Freedman – RBC Capital Markets: So it ends up – great. The $41 million, it's not going to move my gross margins multiple percentage points this quarter. Going forward though it will have a more material --
Mark Durcan: The Inotera bits are market minus, and Elpida is part of our consolidated result. So, does that address your question?Doug Freedman – RBC Capital Markets: It does. Thank you.
Mark Durcan: This is Mark Durcan. At Elpida, we have a 25-nanometer ramp well underway and that's going quite smoothly. There has been some early activity at Rexchip as well, although that would go maybe at a more muted pace. And we'll continue to monitor how we have our computing and DRAM mix and that may get things more than technology introduction at Rexchip as we try and get that mix right. But generally speaking we have product running at both those fabs and the 25-nanometer node. 20-nanometer is really a second calendar half of 2014 story. There will be activity in the first half, but it will production in the second half of 2014. In NAND, as we said before, we're over 50% 20-nanometer NAND already and well into our 15-nanometer ramp which has gone very well.
Mark Durcan: Absolutely. I think it's inevitable that the pace of technology node migration is going to continue to slow. There's no -- it's interesting because it's not like NAND where there’s really a hard stop on planar NAND. It just becomes very, very difficult with a floating [detail] to make it work at all below about 50 nanometers. But DRAM has a lot of bags in the trick -- a lot of tricks in the bag, sorry. It's just an economic challenge to make that all play out. So I think you're going to continue to see technology migration, but maybe addressing smaller segments where there is some particular form factor need or performance need, as well as just a longer trajectory to get to the next node. But you will see nodes well below 20 nanometers over the next five to seven years.
Mark Durcan: I’ll give you market. Like Mark, I don't want to -- I want to keep some mystery in exactly what we do with our mix. But basically what you're seeing per handset only, you're looking at an average megabytes per phone of about 450 going to just over 700 in 2014. On the NAND side we're looking at something just below an average of 5 gigabytes of phone going to something just over six and that includes all handsets, an average of all handsets in.
Mark Durcan: I would say from a Micron standpoint, we're running around 50% of revenues from SSD and around 30% from consumer and around 10% mobile.
Mark Durcan: Some of that, Daniel is really qualifying and getting those products into these applications and internally qualifications as well as getting them qualified at the customer level. But the opportunity we believe is significant. We're obviously not going to quantify it here on this call, but you've heard reference today to historical revenue from Elpida around wafer sales and personal computing and mobile. They obviously haven't in the past been very successful in getting over there to these specialty markets. And quite frankly, our customers you can see we had records in basically all of our specialty markets and we feel like we were constrained. There was more upside there. So we think the opportunity is there. Our job is to go make that happen.
Mark Adams: This is Mark Adams. As we typically don't do, we’ll not comment on future pricing. There’s a lot of variables we just don't have a handle on in terms of what the competitive recovery would look like. Obviously, we are in a situation that since then up until quarter to-date, it's further tightened, was a tightening market, but we're not in a position of predicting future pricing.
Mark Adams: There is that. I think you're hitting on a couple of areas that are relevant, but also remember there’s a three months, basically a full quarter inventory flow through which will be much more positive when we get through that period as well.
Mark Adams: Let me take this chance also just to comment that in the mobile business, we are currently -- we are strategically looking at a margin business, not a scale business. And so where we see opportunities to use our capacity for specialized and differentiated product in mobile, that's what we're focused on. We're not trying to necessarily grow the top line in mobile just to grow it, and I think from our perspective, when you add all those factors together, you'll continue to see hopefully us make announcements around differentiated products.
Mark Adams: Looping back also, Joe to the tech conversion, again while we’re going to monitor that as the market continues to evolve, that transition went better than we ever could have possibly expected, that the yields are phenomenal there, and it’s been very, very smooth.
Mark Adams: So far until quarter-to-date, we think that it's been mildly capacity constrained with good capacity bits being able to serve that space. So we haven't seen any detriment to suggest otherwise. Again, I think we're getting some tailwinds on customer engagements in this business with our product portfolio that again we feel pretty positive and bullish going forward.
Ronald Foster: Joe, this is Ron. I showed you the effect in the latest reported quarter, and I gave you a projection for the first quarter, so we will continue to pro forma that each quarter and give you the breakdown. The fact is that it's easier for us to actually project the cash tax rate and it’s going to be in the low-single digit range over time, because of our tax structure and that’s what we'll actually be paying in taxes. The GAAP tax rate is more difficult to figure out because it's an estimated effective tax rate based upon your projected annual profits or pre-tax profits. So I can give you a pretty good diagnosis of cash tax rates, and in each quarter we'll break out the non-cash portion that's in our GAAP number.
Ronald Foster: This is Ron. John, if you look at there are couple of effects, James. One is the --John, excuse me, the flow of market prices, which are up stronger than the average guidance we're giving. But the Elpida product mix has a lower average price than that of historical Micron. As I mentioned in my comments, this pushes down the average ASP in Q1 as you work that into the total mix for a full quarter. Everything else being equal, I would estimate that based on today's pricing that the Elpida mix is taking us down in our average in the high-single digit range. So the guidance we gave you is muted by the fact that the Elpida mix is dropping us down in the high-single digit range on average using quarter-to-date pricing and estimated mix.
Ronald Foster: David, it's Ron. Yeah. Obviously, we've just got the acquisition together and we're looking at our go-forward strategies for all of our operating structures and there certainly are opportunities. The general structure of OpEx, both for R&D and SG&A at Elpida was similar to ours as a percent of revenue. So it doesn't radically change the percents of where we are right now. Going forward, obviously we'll be looking at efficiencies and synergies that we can derive across the whole cost structure.
Ronald Foster: At the highest level, we're not seeking any market share segments in any particular segment. We’re seeking to optimize our margins across the segments and drive differentiated products that have enduring values.
