Mark Adams: Well, there is a couple of things, one, the primary issue is the mix issue as we shift our products directed more towards mobile and end product SSDs. The second factor is we are getting our factories ready for both transition to new process technology, 16 nanometer TLC, as well as prepping for - in Singapore starting the process for 3D manufacturing.
Mark Adams: That’s right. Our assessment is that the industry inventory position on SSDs is improving. We actually think the pricing in the NAND business is stabilized quarter-to-date, and relative to Micron’s performance we've got a number of products that are going out [in qual] [ph] to OEMs that are based on our 16 nanometer MLC, interestingly enough for us we’re seeing a lot of people or some of our customers revert back to an MLC-based SSD drive based on some of the issues that have come up with competitive offerings on performance and endurance and reliability.
Mark Adams: So this is Mark I will take the question we try to avoid speculating on future pricing and in projecting margins out in the future but I will comment that we continue to feel very good about the execution of the team in delivering against closing the gap competitively and for all the reasons we’ve talked about in the past those signs are happening; I have talked about in my earlier comments how our mobile NAND business is growing quarter-over-quarter - had a very successful growth trajectory. I think that the 16 nanometer MLC SSD that I communicated just a second ago are pretty good. Our alliance with Seagate and the SaaS development in getting access to these SaaS market earlier than we otherwise would have is pretty good and as we commented into the market last week in our announcement with Intel on the 3D NAND technology we still continue to feel that we’re in a very competitive and market leading position in 3D NAND. So, with all those things in place we are pretty bullish about NAND and we continue to think we’re going to close the gap.
Mark Adams: Mark, this is Mark Adams. I think that we remain bullish in general on DRAM going forward for the following reasons. First of all, we think that the second half of the calendar year is going to be pretty strong in mobile and all signs are indicating to that. We do think that the PC capacity needs to be shifted over that to address that opportunity and that will balance out some of the current market conditions around PC. I am not sure how to call the PC market other than to say that we think it could improve from here because it is not doing so well and we think the back half of the year with Microsoft new OS and holidays and so on so forth we think it’s just got to be better and hopefully than that it is today. Beyond that when you look at our business we think as we have talked about in the past that it’s a more rational industry and with that is coming better behaviour and as Mark talked about earlier we’re going to do the right things to run our business and if that means not selling inventory below acceptable prices we’ll do it. So if I look at all of that I think about other end market growth I think we’re still in a pretty bullish perspective about DRAM will play out in the second half here.
Mark Adams: Interesting, let me comment on one thing around inventory that you didn’t really asked for but I will get to your answer. General inventory has increased a little bit since the first quarter. Now my interpretation of that is pretty positive. The people who accumulate this inventory on channel that’s how they make money, they make money by taking inventory and waiting to sell in a better market and the accumulation of this is just not dramatic but it’s probably now four or six weeks in DRAM and NAND and as you think about that they’re buying memory at current market pricing and they’re betting on a rebound and these are some people who have been in the business for quite some time I happen to believe that’s a pretty positive sign. Now relating back to the question on how we can do that, well I am not going to give you a number or weeks on-hand or what have you but we do believe that given the diversity of our end markets it is more a matter how we shift our capacity and now that we sit on a bunch of old aged inventory we would just move our capacity to better end markets.
Mark Adams: Sure, Monika this is Mark Adams, relative to pricing it’s hard for us to get on that and try to make projections out in the future. What I would say is the comparison between the 9% and 6% Q2 and Q3 remember the 6% was off a much higher base coming into Q1 and so the 9% and 6% are not really apples-to-apples. We do believe that for the reason I say it is earlier that the overall DRAM business will remain in pretty good shape we don’t see massive price pressure in any of the other segments - are down 6% actually and Q2 was PC down a lot more than 6% and the other segments flat to even some better. So what I would say there is that we don’t see a lot of pressure in the other segments at this point. Now remember each of the businesses this is what is great about diversification, each of these businesses act differently, meaning for example the commodity component DRAM business is what it is and we have noted to be it is a lot smaller portion of our business, but when you look at things like mobile, mobile is a different business. It's a design in business, more concentrated customers in the number of 10 to 15 major customers that we sell to and we negotiate with them and we negotiate more long-term and so that’s a different business. So the pricing dynamics are much different. The fact that pricing stays good it is a great sign for us in mobile and our costs can get better and as we grow our market share we are going to continue to expand our business and that’s true if we look at each of the segments whether it’s the embedded, mobile, networking and automotive that’s all true in terms of how we look at the business, we take each of them as individual segments that run differently.
Mark Durcan: Yes, I think the answer maybe it is Mark Durcan I think the answer is the same that we’re not going to try and predict margins, but the fact that we’re talking about this and by the way it's nothing new. But the fact that we’re talking about our willingness to hold some inventory here. Is really reflective of the fact that we’ve got a lot of confidence, as we move into the back half of the year we’re seeing a lot of signals, Mark talked about a bunch of them I’ll say even with the compute business we get signals from some customers that maybe they want to look at longer term ordering patterns et cetera. So, we got a lot of confidence that this is going to be pretty solid in the back half of the year and that’s probably about all we can say about it.
Mark Durcan: Yes let me just say this Mehdi, we compete with Intel in the marketplace, we have for a long time and we expect that Intel product whether it is hit by Intel or by Western Digital will be competitive or will be competing with my comp solutions in the market in 2016. Now the good news is, we think we’ve got a great 3D NAND solution and we also have a lot of capacity at Micron and so we think that overtime, we’re well positioned to do well in that business.
Mark Durcan: Well it's -- remember Mehdi it is -- the partnership we have with Intel is the co-development, the core technology that’s a big piece of the solution, other areas are the SaaS controller, the firmware, the software and the go-to-market capabilities that each of the other people are interested in it is the Seagate and Western Digital references that comes into the equation of going to market with a full-fledged enterprise SaaS SSD. So as we look at that it's our core technology we have dealt with our partner and there is really two avenues one with Intel taking it through their channel, and one with us taking through our channel.
Mark Durcan: So when you think about the pricing like-for-like, the overall price I think we have guided down was 9% for the quarter. So high single-digits and as I made the comment earlier that, that was really driven by where we have exited Q2 going into Q3 as some of the mix changes that to think about our business mobile server and the other markets have pretty stable pricing. So a lot of the fluctuation in the guidance we are giving you is coming out of a quarter that started higher, ended lowered and then we’re starting kind of in the lower base.
Mark Durcan: So let me characterize it generally for Micron and then I think relative to Inotera you can get some more specifics from them. But for 20 nanometer we've said the second half of calendar 2016 will be -- sorry the second half of this calendar year will be ramping, and by the time we get into the first half of 2016 it will be the majority of our debt mix.
Mark Durcan: Let me say it this way then, there will be significant shipments in Q4 of the calendar year for Micron.
Mark Durcan: As I have highlighted today in our script and some of our comments that the real catalyst for some of the disruption here in not just the PC segment was really the demand side. And I think if you talk to other people in that business in the PC business the hard drive guys, the CPUs, the unit declined in the PC notebook segment kind of drove some of this and an interesting thing for us is that none of the other segments kind of showed that, and when you think about where our business is today where it might have come from years ago is, yes our pricing in one of the segments had some pressure in the first quarter, I am sorry in the second quarter. We felt pretty good about the rest of our business and it kind of showed up in our performance. So as I think about driving for us, we clearly in Micron if you look at industry pricing and you look at kind of pricing for gigabit and DRAM for example Micron is clearly the leader in pricing in ASP terms. And so at least historically we've been and we feel like we’re today, and we’re going to continue to try to drive it up and with that, that might mean holding inventory like we said it might mean moving to other segments, server, networking, mobile so on so forth. And so that’s kind of the picture today, I think that my comment earlier about what the timing of channel inventory and even our customer reaction we've had customers try to who initially wanted to get off the quarterly pricing come back to us in this past quarter and want to go back to quarterly pricing. So we’re generally bullish on the dynamics of pricing in the market. And yes there was an industry catalyst in the form of demand for PC, notebooks that drove a little bit of disruption in the business we don’t think it’s major, yes it’s if so you can measure it but the rest of our business is pretty good.
Mark Durcan: Well as we think about our business, we think about the end-markets where they are going where the products will be generating the highest return and as we achieved our strategic objectives in NAND. And on a competitive basis okay we believe we will be closing the gap between our competitors in the second half of our fiscal year and throughout 2015 calendar, we believe that will happen. TLC today is less than 10% it’s not a large number today, and as we ramp our staffs it won’t be materially much larger. You will see some growth in the back half of the year but it won’t be materially much larger because we've got other parts of our business whether it be mobile or I talked about the success of our MLC 16 nanometer product as Tier 1 OEM. So we will seek TLC growth at Micron but we’re not going to do it just to do it, we need that mixture nature that we are getting the right value for it and that’s important to us and our business.
Mark Durcan: I think for us the question around FX is really more a question around what is worldwide GDP growth going to be. We’re a global company. We’ve got global customers some will do better in some FX situation some will do slightly worse. But unless something dramatic happens to worldwide GDP growth we think we’re pretty well positioned with manufacturing all around the world and with customers all around the world some of which will do better in certain circumstances and some of which won’t. So we’re not overly worried about it. Obviously we have manufacturing in Japan and there is a certain cost reduction associated with the weakening yen. Obviously we got some manufacturing in Singapore and certain costs associated with the strengthening Sing But net, net for Micron these aren’t huge effects.
Mark Durcan: So there is incremental equipment required the incremental floor space there is some amount of tooling all of which can be reused in other parts of our or the vast majority of which can be reused in other parts of our business. But generally speaking we will be trading out planar NAND wafers for incremental for 3D NAND wafers. And we think that’s the most capital efficient way to run the business.
Mark Durcan: Sure, it’s almost always a short-term drag on GM when you make the transition like this you’ve got new tools coming in and it takes a while to qualify and get them loaded, et cetera, et cetera. And there are existing efficiencies associated with yields ramps et cetera. So we’re pretty comfortable by the time we get to late in the year, late in this calendar year. We’ll be looking pretty good.
Mark Durcan: We would be willing to do that if we thought the market situation were such that that would make sense to us. I can’t actually foresee that sitting here today. Clearly as we think about our plans for 2016 and things a little bit further out we’ll take into account where the market goes over the next number of months and quarters. But as we sit here today we just told you we think things are looking pretty good so we’re not anticipating making any major changes as we sit at the table today.
Mark Durcan: I think directionally where you are going initially was right we think over time it will decline as a percentage of the mix and a lot of it does depend on the business but I think directionally we think you’re spot on.
Mark Durcan: Yes I think it absolutely I mean in full transparency we’re coming off a somewhat lower base but I think we have stated in prior calls we have stated we think eMCP is for the mobile business coming out of our fiscal year will be somewhere around 25% little bit lower than 25%. But somewhere up from zero in the last 12 months so we as you identified it’s a strategic play for us leveraging our portfolio and quite honestly given our make up in the mobile business we think we’ve got advantage over just about anybody in the space.
Mark Durcan: We’re not going to talk about intellectual property strategy, David but I can tell you that we do that, we fund the development together, we do it jointly and we both own different pieces of the intellectual property but beyond that it is not a lot I want to talk about.
Mark Durcan: Well I think David, I’ll kind of get back and give you some of the comments I gave earlier. We think PC DRAM in the quarter will be down from mid-30s in Q2 to low to 30% kind of range and we think that that will signal increases in other areas such as mobile in the mid-20% server in the low 20% of our business. And so we see kind of a blend it is not just one category picking up with the PC business, mobile is the more capacity will allocate the server some PC business to server and we’ll look at networking on those as well, so that’s kind of a full suite of things we evaluate.
Mark Durcan: Mark, I think in the business we can’t, we said basically flat on shipments that we know we don’t say a whole lot more in terms of future guidance. But I think it is just that in other comments around what we’re going to do what is right for the business to drive returning margins and it is not going to be fire sale advantage for us.
Mark Durcan: So the data I spoke to in my opening comments was that in Q2 component shipments includes cards and components and now it is somewhere around the area of 50% of our overall shipments in the quarter Q2. In Q3 alone that number will be cut by 30% as we start the transition of what you just highlighted away from component card sales to mobile and SSDs. Part of that dynamic by the way in discussing how this plays out is we now will be shipping in the quarters 16 nanometer MLC followed by drives that were in process and didn’t have that volume in Q2. So the move from components and cards to mobile and then client SSD based on 16 nanometer certainly is a positive move for us as you say we move up the stack and we continue to drive things like in enterprise drive both PCIe and SaaS as we explained earlier. That’s how you should think about our target and I mentioned also I think we gave guidance that NAND did grow will be flat to down in the Q3 timeframe as we think about the evolution for 3D manufacturing stuff as well as switch to some of our capacity to those 16 nanometer TLC. We think that all kind of resonates to a better optimize mix of products for NAND portfolio.
Mark Durcan: So I think that Mark it is safe to say that we feel pretty good about our position there both existing 25 nanometer LP DDR4, as well as our 20 nanometer LP DDR4 offering. This is lesser about Micron readiness and more about customer demand lining up for the back half of the year and beyond.
Mark Durcan: John this is Mark. So we talked this quarter about how we were doing exactly what you just mentioned, which was in fiscal Q2, we made some adjustments in our manufacturing line to start positioning equipment for the 20 nanometer ramp. These things always in our balance and certainly the market today is not the market of last year or the year before, we have pretty broad diversification in the segment customers and products where we feel pretty good about our ability to move some stuff overtime, if the market demand is out there this quarter. We don’t know exactly what the market demand looks like this quarter maybe we end up not only anything else, we've left ourselves some room to manoeuvre there. But we’re trying to strike a balance between what you are suggesting as well as just building products and then seeing what the market looks like.
Mark Durcan: Yes so just on the R&D piece, there are a lot of different dynamics implying here, obviously we've got a lot of new 20 nanometer products that were going to want to qualify and ramp. And so we’re always wanting to make sure that we don’t let the R&D dollar spend getting away with qualifying products on a timely basis and getting to the market, and you just said that we should be doing. So there is that dynamic there is also I think there is an overlying dynamic as we start thinking about some of the storage class memories that we talked about making investments in and as we start continue to add resources to position the company deliver system level products that there is a different nature to the R&D spend than there have been historically as well. Now overtime we may spend less on some of the other things we spend R&D dollars on. But what we are talking about right now in terms of over the next number of quarters being up a little bit. I think it’s more related to some of the short-term dynamic around technology ramps and new product introductions.
Mark Durcan: And with that, we would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you will please bear with me I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language. During the course of this call we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the Company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on the call that are not historical facts are subject to a number risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially please to refer to our filings with the SEC including the Company’s most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Thank you.
