Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Mark. The current macroeconomic environment presents an unprecedented challenge for the industry. Our rapid actions to both moderate utilization and sharply reduced CapEx illustrate our commitment to supply discipline and our focus on bringing our supply and demand back into balance. The Micron team continues to execute with agility to changing business conditions. We remain committed to our strategy of maintaining stable bit share and growing profitability with a portfolio of higher value solutions and we are confident in the long-term technology drivers for memory. New data centric applications and technologies will drive long-term memory demand on the trajectory that outpaces growth in other semiconductor categories. Our strategic investments underscore this confidence and will ensure Micron is able to capitalize on these long-term trends in the decade ahead. Thanks for joining us today. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So I think I can answer the first part and then Mark can take on the second part on the margins. So with respect to the utilization cuts, they are across NAND and DRAM and approximately in the mid-single-digit range. And of course, these cuts are for the products that have been in high inventory. And so we are cutting production of those products and using the equipment that is freed up and the space that is freed up to deploy it toward the new technology transitions. So that actually helps us with CapEx efficiency. And Mark can comment on the gross margin impact.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So look we are not going to project future pricing trends here, but of course, we will continue to work closely with customers, not just in cloud, but customers across all end market segments. And of course, as we noted that inventories are at our customers are high, across all end market segments and they are adjusting their inventory levels including in cloud. We will of course, most important thing is to take actions and we have taken decisive action with respect to WFE reduction by nearly 50% and reducing our supply growth. We expect the industry supply growth to be in the mid-single digit in 2023 and our supply growth will also be in line with the industry around the same for DRAM. So I think what's important is that the supply growth will be less, while the demand growth once inventory adjustments at customers have normalized or have substantially improved by our second fiscal second half, then demand will go up from customers and we expect that the DRAM demand will be in mid-teens supported by inventory, but the supply growth will be meaningfully less than demand growth and that's what will brings an improving trajectory [Technical Difficulty] of industry supply-demand balance in improving fundamentals for our business as we go through calendar year '23.
Sanjay Mehrotra: What we are saying is that the supply growth will be mid-single digits and -- but the shipments will be in the mid-teens range in line with the demand recovery that we expect. And we are also saying that we expect industries supply growth to be also in the mid-single digit for DRAM next year. Remember, this is -- this would correspond to the lowest on record supply growth for DRAM.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So again, the supply growth will be in the mid-single digit, inventory will be used to supply the demand, which will be higher than the supply growth. We expect the demand to be in mid-teens next year.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So our view on long-term DRAM CAGR is mid-teens and NAND CAGR approximately 28%. And we would always be managing our investments to grow our supply in line with demand. Of course, there can be variations through the cycle, but we will overall focus on making adjustments as needed, just like you have seen adjustments now. And just keep in mind that as we look ahead at CapEx considerations, we should keep in mind that the tech transitions are getting more expensive. And of course, tech transitions are taking longer as well. So the capital intensity is higher. Tech transitions and also giving actually lower bit growth, and of course, transition to DDR5 is also contributing to lower bit growth per wafer because of DDR5 die tends to be just bigger than DDR4 die because of the specifications. So our expectation is, cross-cycle on average over long term, our CapEx would be around mid-30s that we had stated earlier, mid 30% of revenue. And of course, any given year there can be variations, but that's across cycle CapEx intensity that we would be expecting.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yeah. I think, Karl, most of it, it's designed to the way we build it, designed to be repurposed. I mean there are some limitations, of course, but -- and that, that strategy is going to -- going to yield benefit here because, this downturn was so sharp and sudden, unprecedented that inventories have grown to levels over what we thought just last quarter when we had our earnings call. We ended at 139 days. We should be down around 100, 110 ideally, but we do expect an increase again in the first quarter to be over 150 days and it will be elevated through the second quarter and stay elevated, probably through the balance of the year until the recovery is meaningful and customers replenish their own inventories. But we should see it begin to decline in days over the back half. And of course, this view shape the CapEx as well to take supply out. And -- but we're confident that over time, it's good inventory. I think it's leading node primarily and as you point out, it's fungible in a sense, so we're confident that over time, we'll be able to redeploy or use that inventory and eventually get down to our target 100, 110 days.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So Mehdi, I would say that we would of course continue to monitor the macro trends as well as the trends in our industry and the overall business. And of course, we will be prepared to take necessary actions as appropriate to address the short term as well as the long-term needs. So we will continue to look at, just like we have moved decisively here with respect to under-utilization, looking at products that have excess inventory and leveraging that utilization -- under-utilization as I said before toward -- using the tools towards, deferring CapEx requirements and we'll continue to look for those opportunities as needed.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So with respect to PC, this year, PC -- overall PC unit demand is down, as I mentioned in the script mid-teens percentage points. And next year in calendar year '23, we expect it to be flat to slightly down. And with respect to smartphones, we certainly expect that China would be opening up and China economy would be rebounding. The COVID lockdowns have had significant impact on China demand. So overall smartphone unit sales this year, down -- on a year-over-year basis down high-single digits, and we would expect that next year there would be some rebound in the smartphone unit sales. Again, I think what's important is that the content continues to be the biggest driver of growth, 5G phones need more, memory need more storage. And as we also highlighted in our prepared remarks, of course, we are extremely focused on shifting the business away from what used to be of 55% in consumer side, including PC and smartphone in fiscal year '21 towards going to 38% by fiscal year '25. So we are really marching along well on that strategy. In fact, in fiscal year '22, we reduced that percentage to 48%. So we are increasing the mix of more attractive and more stable markets such as, of course, data center and automotive, industrial, networking, graphics and we are successfully delivering on that strategy.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So look, historically, the DRAM industry in recent years has been disciplined in terms of CapEx management and supply growth management. Of course, the current environment is unprecedented with respect to the confluence of factors that we discussed, that have impacted demand, and the unprecedented level of inventory adjustments by our customers as well. We will take the necessary actions to bring our supply in line with demand. We think it is prudent. It is important to be rational in this regard. Of course, as we highlighted that this is a headwind to costs, with respect to delaying the technology transitions for our 1-beta and for our 232-layer NAND, as well as using under-utilization. But this is the right thing to do for the business to bring supply growth in line with demand growth and this is what will restore the healthy trajectory of demand-supply balance. So this is the right thing to do and I just want to also highlight that we would, of course, maintain our share as well and that is important, but as part of that strategy, we will also continue to shift towards part of the market, as I highlighted in my prior comments, where the profit pool is greater. So we will maintain share, but we will also continue to shift towards strengthened profitability. And I think you've seen that from Micron over the course of last few years, whereas we used to be significantly behind our competitors in margins. Today, we are matching the margins, if you look at past few quarters. So I think that just shows that we remain disciplined and we remain focused on continuing to shift our portfolio towards greater pools of our profitability.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Look, we have shared with you what we are implementing in terms of our WFE, but we certainly can't be commenting on parts of others in the industry with respect to their WFE actions. But as I pointed out, historically, the industry has been disciplined, has been prudent in terms of taking actions to manage supply growth, especially when it gets ahead of the industry demand.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So I think it's important to understand that we are delaying the ramp off 232-layer and 1-beta technologies versus our prior plans. And most of the CapEx -- the $8 billion CapEx that we have talked about or the WFE CapEx that we are talking about is actually going toward preparing those technologies for engineering learning and producing the products for new -- in production for customer qualifications. In turn, these technologies will really not be contributing to the revenue shipments through our fiscal year '23 until late in fiscal year '23, they will be the primary drivers of bit growth and revenue growth and of course, cost reductions in fiscal year '24. Because we will be again relying on using the inventory to supplement our reduced supply growth to meet the uptick in demand that we expect in fiscal year '23.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. C.J., as you mentioned, it's going to hit us not in the first quarter, but later in the year and it would be between 1 points and 2 points of impact at this point. And of course, depending on market conditions, we would either dial that back or bringing utilization lower.
Mark Murphy: Well, I think I'll state -- really no change around, we're going to continue to focus on returning 100% of free cash flow to shareholders. We did repurchase in the first quarter and so we will opportunistically repurchase. As you pointed out C.J., we are a cash flow challenged in the first quarter. It's been an unprecedented downturn, sharp and sudden and it has of course associated inventory builds, it's suppressed our income of course and then we've got elevated CapEx as it happened so quickly. So we expect $1.5 billion negative in the first. What we challenge in the second as well as we deal with, with elevated inventory levels and then the revenues that we guided or the bit shipments we talked about. And then the CapEx will take time to work down. We expect it to be weighted in the first half more heavily. We do expect a volume recovery in the back half of the year and lower CapEx and inventories coming down. We do expect to return to free cash flow generation in the second half. And of course, we're working -- continue to work CapEx, continue to work expenses down, working cap -- working our -- managing our working capital best we can to improve from this first quarter projection we have.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. Maybe -- maybe Tim just to maybe provide some color around the quarters. We do expect as we've laid out the bits in ASP will be down in the first quarter and they're down about the same volume, maybe down a little bit more. Costs are slightly up and DRAM and NAND and that's just a combination of volume mix inflation and then just node timing. In the second quarter, as Sanjay mentioned bits will be up, but they'll still be down year-over-year, and then as we said, the revenue range will be similar to the first quarter. And then in the second half, bits will be up sequentially, third to fourth quarter and then second half should be up in bits year-over-year. And then cost for the full year, we would expect DRAM cost downs to be lower than the long-term average. We do get some benefit from FX, but we get some inflation and some other factors that go against us. And then NAND, cost reductions are challenged, combination of mix and inflation and just a more difficult situation there. But I think the important takeaway, first quarter we expect things to improve versus volumes and then the market better in the second half.
Mark Murphy: Joe, we're -- I mean we're clearly, we're running the fabs and that's being absorbed into inventories. So I think that's the short answer to your question.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. I think as I answered in the last question, we're -- our inventory levels are high and they're going to be higher. There'll be over 150 days we believe. And again, it's a function of this unprecedented period and we're doing what we can do, affect future supply, our future capacity being in a position to work those inventories down, they're high quality inventories. So, though -- they will be usable and we're managing working capital expenses, cash flow all of them aggressively at this time.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. It would be -- it depends on when the inventory is clear, but yes, later in the year, Mehdi. And then you've got, gross margin of course is going to be a function, it's not just that cost element, it's going to be pricing and -- at that point in the market. We think volumes are recovering and we're just -- we're not guiding out at that point on the rest of the P&L or the elements of the P&L.
Mark Murphy: But its -- but we're not guiding those quarters at this point. Just we gave a framework for how we see our business recovering along with the broader industry and what we believe will be the demand activity with our customers.
Mark Murphy: And then maybe just to add, Vivek is, I think we made the point that of the remaining spend we have, its focus is on technology. So to your point, we appreciate the need to invest in advancing the technology into business, so the remaining spend we have will be focused on that. And then, we still can maintain our position in the market with the inventories that we have -- that we talked about in the prior question, well over 150 days as we enter the next or the next quarter and we'll have that drawn for some period of time.
