Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. In response to near-term industry conditions, we are taking decisive action to reduce our supply growth to be consistent with industry demand. At the same time, we continue to invest and execute against our strategic priorities to reduce costs and increase the mix of high-value solutions in our portfolio. The long-term demand trends for Micron remain very healthy, with tremendous growth opportunities across multiple markets. We continue to believe that the memory industry is structurally stronger with more diversified demand drivers and moderating supply growth capability. With our strong balance sheet and improved product portfolio and operating model, Micron is better positioned than ever before to win and deliver long-term value for shareholders. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: With respect to hyperscale, as I said in my remarks that we do expect that inventory will work through the system at our customers during the first half of the year. And we certainly are seeing evidence of inventory consumption by our customers. And we do expect that that will largely be completed by mid this year. And we do expect in DRAM that growth will accelerate, both sequentially and year-over-year for the rest of the calendar year. And second half of the calendar year, with respect to demand improvement, there will be -- the demand will improve in the second half of the calendar year compared to the first half of the calendar year. And, of course, effect of CPU shortages, those will continue to improve in situation over the course of the year. And we expect that also to contribute toward improvement in demand in the second half of the calendar year compared to first year.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I think, as Dave had previously mentioned in one of the earning calls, that about 150 days of inventory is something that we are comfortable with. And when we really look at our demand at this time and look at our production output, we think it is important for us to bring our supply to be in line with the expected demand for the year. And it provides us obvious benefits in terms of managing our inventories more effectively, managing our cash flow effectively as well and really managing our business in a healthy fashion. Of course, our inventory is at good cost, there is no obsolescence issue with this inventory at all. But, we really consider it prudent management of our business to bring our supply growth in line with our demand expectations.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Our cost position will be good in fiscal year 2020 because today with our both 64-layer as well as 96-layer technologies, we absolutely have been outperforming the industry in terms of our at the die level the costs on a per gigabyte basis. And that -- and obviously, as you know, we have discussed this many times in the past, those benefits come from CMOS under array architecture which Micron has pioneered and we currently are in our third generation using that. So that gives us a very significant cost advantage and that will carry over well, giving us competitive mix of NAND production in 2020 in our fiscal year 2020 to meet the market demands. And keep in mind, the fourth generation of our 3D NAND which will be the first node in replacement gate technology, even with greater number of layers will actually have greater capital intensity associated with it because of transition from floating gate to replacement gate that requires more tools, more specific unique tools to implement replacement gate. And that's why we are really converting portion of our portfolio to that first generation replacement gate technology. And remainder of the portfolio will convert from the third generation floating gate to the second node of replacement gate later on. And obviously that will provide us a bigger benefit when we do that. The second node of replacement gate with yet higher layers later compared to the first node. So, that will give us a benefit of cost as well as ROI and it will really be the best way to manage this transition for us. So, in summary, even with increasing the number of layers in the third -- first generation of replacement gate, we feel very good about the cost competitiveness with the mix of floating gate and replacement gate technologies that we will be achieving next year.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, bottom-line is we are reducing our output of DRAM and NAND. In DRAM, the reduction in supply growth, as a result of this idling capacity, idling wafer starts, is bigger impact. And in NAND, as we reduce our wafer starts, particularly related to the legacy nodes, the impact on the supply bit growth is smaller because that wafer start reduction that you mentioned is primarily targeted toward legacy nodes. So, again, the objective of these is to bring down our supply growth toward our estimations of demand, both in DRAM and NAND from the point of view of 2019 as well as 2020 timeframe. And with respect to cost, as I said before, we have continued to outperform in terms of cost reduction -- year-over-year cost reduction capability in DRAM. And we feel very good about our ability to manage with this slowdown in DRAM, managing a competitive fashion with our cost over the course of next few quarters. And in NAND, I just commented on our cost position there. And I'll just add to the previous comments on the cost position that of course next year, we will also continue to get the benefit of our 96-layer transition from 64-layer to 96-layer, the ongoing transition during the course of next year, which will also be helping us with cost. So, I believe our cost in DRAM as well as NAND will be competitive. And I just want to point out that the benefits of deduction, output deduction go beyond just aspects of cost. They of course -- those benefits include inventory management and cash flow management.
Sanjay Mehrotra: We are not providing fiscal Q4 guidance here. But, as we have said that second half of this calendar year, we do expect that bit growth in DRAM to continue on a quarter-over-quarter basis, both sequentially as well as on a year-over-year basis. And that is already, we are guiding to bit growth in DRAM for our FQ3, and that should continue in FQ4 and for the rest of the year as well. And in NAND, there is of course the seasonality in the second half of the calendar year. And of course, we expect effect of elasticity also to help improve the demand. And the trend of increasing average capacities in smartphones both for DRAM and NAND continues to be intact. When you look at the results that some of the cloud service providers have reported, those results continue to be solid, pointing to the demand and the growth in cloud services. And of course, memory and storage is an essential part of all the computing paradigms of the future that are increasingly being based on AI and ML as well. All of that bodes well for the long-term demand trends as well. But, yes, I mean, we do -- in all of our end markets, we do see a generally improvement in demand in the second half versus the first half. And of course, all of this is barring macroeconomic uncertainty. In case that there is any further determination in microeconomic climate, then we can have different impact in this outlook. But, that's what -- based on what we know today, that's our assessment of demand expectations.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, demand has been weak so far this year and we expect demand environment to be weak in the first half as well. So, when we talk about our total DRAM demand growth expectations, we are talking about the full year basis, right? So, we need to be -- and when you look at our supply growth, of course, we are looking at that too, on a full year basis. So, we want to bring our supply in line with our demands expectations, and we believe that this improving demand environment second half versus first half that I referred to earlier, we will be able to capture the benefit of that with our supply cutback that we have mentioned and also help bring our all time continue to drive improvement in our inventory position as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And on NAND, I just wanted to point out again that, 96-layer is still early in our production ramp, and it will continue to ramp during the course of next year as we bring out our first node of replacement gate. So, 96-layer will also continue to be a strong driver of our cost reduction capability in 2020.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, obviously, we pay a lot of attention to this in terms of managing the mix of our production. We do that on an ongoing basis anyhow in production. And, when we implement this output cut, both in NAND as well as DRAM, obviously we make sure that we are not impacting any aspect of our ability to fulfill our demand. So, as we said, I mean, we have high levels of inventory currently, both in NAND and DRAM. And it gives us an opportunity to bring our production to be in line with demand. And when we say that we mean that we will be able to address the demand in all of our end markets. We are not going to compromise our production cuts so that we run low in terms of meeting our customers' requirements in any of the end market segments. So, we believe this is a very prudent way for us to manage our business.
Sanjay Mehrotra: With respect to NAND elasticity, I mean, certainly the average capacities in notebook, PCs, as well as the attach rates of SSDs to notebooks, does continue to go up. So, that is of course a price elastic market as well. And the price -- attractive price points of NAND, of course provide benefits of greater HDD replacement both in the data center market as well as in the client market. Mobile definitely continues to be pointing to elasticity with respect to NAND. At Mobile World Congress, you saw smartphones, foldable phones and 5G phones being announced with 512-gigabyte and terabyte of storage capacities in them. And again, applications are also advancing toward features that require more and more storage, for example, 5G with greater connectivity as well as low latency will of course, these driving applications that you need more, DRAM as well as more NAND. So applications -- end market applications continue to do very well, And Micron itself with respect to our product portfolio, we are very much focused on continuing to expand our product offerings and we have also -- on the SSD side, we are expanding our portfolio with NVMe solutions. We have just brought our first NVMe client drive into the market; and later this year, we will have NVMe for enterprise and cloud applications as well. So, this is -- and we announced that we got a qualification win and just begun shipment to a customer with our NVMe -- first generation NVMe client side as well. So, these are all the things that we are absolutely focused on in terms of our roadmap to expanding our opportunities. And of course, we have made lot of improvement with respect to some of these solutions over the course of last couple of years. And there is a lot of execution that is remaining ahead of us with respect to expanding our SSD opportunities, for example, as well as growing our mobile opportunities on the NAND side where we have gained meaningful share over the course of last few quarters. But, there is a lot more opportunity and a lot more roadmap execution that is required for us here.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, with respect to timing of demand in the second quarter that was -- as you mentioned, it was a large customers timing of specific fulfillment of their demand. And that's what -- and that was related to NAND. And with respect to the second part of your question, as I said before, that we do see evidence of inventory consumption by our customers and that gives us confidence that this inventory will largely work itself through the system in the first half with improvements in demand in the second half. And, we have also certainly in recent weeks seen some new orders from certain customers that previously had high inventories. Of course, too soon to use this as any kind of a slope in terms of demand buildup from here on. But, bottom-line is that ultimately the end market demand drivers continue to be strong. If the consumption of DRAM by our customers in the end markets, particularly cloud market continues to be healthy, it’s just that those customers are using up their inventory to meet that demand. And over the course of next few months, by mid this year, that inventory will be returning to normalized levels to a large extent, and then that will provide for opportunities for a greater demand in the second half of the year compared to the first half.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. So, I'll take -- first, let me talk about our inventory. So, as we noted, our inventories are now at 134 days, a couple of dynamics going on. So, in DRAM, as we talked about last quarter, we expected to carry a higher level of inventory in the first half of the calendar year as our customers that have built up inventory and start to digest through that. And then, on top of that, what we did was we reduced our CapEx. And so, the outcome of that reduction in CapEx should start to have an effect in the back of our half of our calendar year in terms of bit growth, so that will start to help manage inventory as well. And then on top of that, this quarter, we talked about further reductions in CapEx down to the approximately $9 billion. And we talked about taking some underutilization, about 5% of underutilization to kind of further reduce the output. So, that should help bring DRAM inventories back more in line. So, we would expect that back half of the calendar year we start to see DRAM be in a better place. On the NAND front, obviously, we're at elevated levels of inventory as well. Now, that is somewhat by design, as Sanjay noted in his remarks, we do have the transition from floating gate to replacement gate in NAND going on in calendar 2020. And so, the bit output is not going to be very robust. And so, the idea was to carry higher levels of inventory into 2020 such that that would help support the end, the demand from our customers. Having said that, we also -- part of the CapEx reduction does impact NAND as well. And also, we did adjust our wafer output by 5% and NAND as well as also try to manage inventory. So, I think that, inventory you'll start to see improve in the back half of the calendar year, and then into 2020, as we start to work through the NAND portion of the inventory. As far as CapEx goes, really the way we're managing this is what we said, when we talked about it at the Analysts Day. We're committed to our model of low-30s as a percent of sales for CapEx. Obviously, there'll be years where that is above the average and there will be years that that will be below the average. I think, the last two years, fiscal 2017 and 2018, we were below that low-30s model. So, it's not surprising to be a bit above that low-30s level for these couple years. Plus, on top of that, we had a bit of pent-up demand to get some of the clean room space staged to be able to manage these node transitions. And so we have a number of different cleanroom buildout initiatives going on this year, which is maybe elevating a little bit from kind of our normal run rate. But, over the long term, you would see us be in this low-30s percent level. And as I think Sanjay mentioned in his remarks, I think I mentioned in my remarks, we're flexible on CapEx, we’ll modulate it based on the economic circumstances.
Dave Zinsner: And I’d just add -- the underutilization costs that will incur are not going to help layer into our cost per unit. So, they will be taken as period costs within the quarter and it's implied in our 37% to 40% gross margin guidance for the third fiscal quarter. Sorry to interrupt, John.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. I think, inventory might be a little bit elevated in the May quarter relative to where we are today. Obviously, as you point out, it does take some time, most of the CapEx reductions we took him took in the first fiscal quarter. So, those take a couple of quarters, but we should start experiencing that in the back half of the calendar year. And the underutilization, you get probably a quarter before it starts impacting you. So, I think, we’ll be in pretty good shape on DRAM, as I said, as we kind of exit the calendar year. NAND will take a little bit longer because of the reasons we cited about keeping elevated levels of inventory into 2020.
Dave Zinsner: We do expect healthy cost declines in both DRAM and NAND this year. We are still making technology transitions next year. And so, we would obviously expect, particularly in DRAN the cost will be good. As we said, replacement gate might not be where we want it to be in the very first generation. But one of the advantages of carrying the inventory we're carrying, 64-layer and 96-layer inventory in the next year is that has a very good cost structure. And so, we should have a good cost structure in 2020 on NAND as well. The other thing on utilization, I just want to make sure it's clear. What period cost means is, we'll take that expense kind of as it comes in the in the quarters in which we take the underutilization. It won't roll up in the inventory; it won't be counted as part of the cost. So, obviously, we'll have an impact on margins. And as I said, it's implied in the guidance of the margins we gave for the fiscal third quarter.
Dave Zinsner: We’ve got a little -- most of that, but okay, let take a crack at that, Joe. There was some background noise. So, yes, as you cite, inventories were up. We do expect DRAM to grow sequentially in the third fiscal quarter. That combined with -- are starting to see some benefit. [Technical difficulty] Those should be a combination of the reduction in utilization and the CapEx activities, or CapEx reductions that we've already put in place, will start to adjust a bit output grow. So, we’d start to see some benefit from that in the fiscal third quarter. As I said, we do expect inventories to be up again next quarter. But then, as Sanjay cited, a lot of the customers that have built up inventory will start to be back to normal. And they'll start to place heavier orders on us again, in the third and fourth calendar year, we'll start to see these reductions in a DRAM inventory levels.
