Mark Adams: Typically as we’ve made this conversion early ramp production cost going into our product costing it was pretty close to our guide for the quarter and we overall kind of are still ramping as I mentioned earlier we’re not fully ramped the facility so we anticipate that there’ll be continued improvements but at this point it’s kind of the process of kind of ramping that facility in higher cost early stage.
Mark Adams: Sure I think that the things that we think about at Micron really are how we package our products and the innovation around control and firmware as it relates to not just SSD and storage but also eMMC and the mobile phone and embedded business and how we optimize those products. Secondly, we had a customer base that primarily was requiring MLC products in the past and our utilization of TLC in the future would be a big benefit to us. As I mentioned we expect to have our 16 nanometer TLC products in calendar Q4 into the channel. And also I think that there are some interesting choices we’ve made that were probably right for the time in the past, but when you look at a market like retail where now that’s really two primary players we’re seeing a pretty stable business than one that we like to continue to grow and so our market segmentation getting away from this component trade sales, if you will, to things like growing our retail, and our channel SSD business where it provides the margin and ASP uplift. Those were kind of two or three things I think are most important to us.
Mark Adams: Yes, absolutely. And we think that we are pretty well positioned to take advantage of that. Not just for those relationships that you’ve mentioned. But through advanced technology we’re developing at Micron. So we see it as a pretty critical part of our overall strategy and we’ll continue to keep you updated on our product development.
Mark Adams: And the situation I might just add with I’ve mentioned the Hiroshima fab and we had a minor earthquake event and had a little bit short-term effort on it.
Mark Adams: So, Alex it’s Mark Adams, basically consistent with messages both at our Analyst Day and on prior calls we’re going to look at this kind of from a what’s the best return on our capacity and the decisions we’re making around inventories. We look at the market conditions right now and we see some targets for stronger margins, and stronger ASPs and that’s what we’re trying to drive our product portfolio to do, within a given quarter we can have an impact on how much we sell and how much we direct of these different products opportunities, i.e. if we could ship the components into the consumer channel or to the spot market or if we ship them in SSDs and so we go through and look at the market conditions that’s really what drives our choices so it’s really nice if you’re going to correlate what that’s going to look like. Having said that, we look at the demand for those entire segments as very strong and even in Q3 we think that the actual systems level products find us a stage enterprise and some of consumer markets going to have a very strong quarter.
Mark Durcan: Yes. We are targeting to ship that in early, volume material, in the quarter to commercial applications for our customers.
Mark Durcan: Kevin, as we’ve talked about in the past, it’s pretty hard to do a year-over-year on these because these transitions are shifting out, so lengthy if you will, but generally if you take the process node changes, that’s what you would ultimately get.
Mark Durcan: Yes I mean the biggest part for us is that we looked at the markets that we’re serving, we take a look at that business and look at the opportunities to place these bits into the channel and what segments. And certainly SSDs offer us a larger cycle time as far as the product building and manufacturing and so that’s driving a lot of it. To be honest with you, that’s where we see our growth in terms of products. And I think it’s being reflected in a much higher and improved performance in SSDs in Q3.
Mark Durcan: Well I think today if you look at those markets, really for kind of high volume low-end consumer business, I do think that you will see eventually client SSDs and TLC are in the future, a lot of companies have been talking trying to develop that. We think we have a good path to that overtime. I think early application can mostly consumer and retail.
Mark Durcan: Yes Monika, since this is an ongoing case, I am not going to answer too many questions about that. But let me just reiterate. We believe the decision contains significant errors and that the proceedings were fundamentally flawed. I will give you an example, the Court heard only from trustee witnesses. No witnesses from Micron, no expert testimony. And so as I said before, we will definitely appeal. The other important thing that you should know is that the Inotera supply and technology relationship is not dependent on Micron’s ownership of these shares. And so we have other shares that we own above and beyond these shares and whether we did or we didn’t the relationship stands above and beyond the ownership.
Mark Durcan: Well, I’ve mentioned as 3D NAND was a 2015 shipment, within 2014 we’re roughly in this profile market we’re roughly about today during Q2 32% 25 nanometer, 60% 20 nanometer, and some of that SLC. In Q3, we intend to keep moving slightly towards a 20 nanometer mix.
Mark Durcan: The DRAM bit growth for us was kind of more because we had the conversion going on in Singapore, which when you have rated some of the other proven areas in process bit growth kind of gave us what we have to the quarter. So it’s really a combination of the guidance we gave is pretty accurate relative to Q2 and it’s really related on moving parts Singapore reducing and some of the process improvement elsewhere.
Mark Durcan: On our last call I had mentioned that the conversion process of the fab as a percentage of overall output would have a decreasing effect in Q2 and so it was in the single-digits in terms of our overall capacity SSD for NAND. We expect that to be much improved in Q3 relative to going up significantly in Q3 with both commercial OEM relationships as well as a channel. Somewhere almost approaching half of our NAND and NAND output getting back to us.
Mark Durcan: Yes, a good way to look at it. As you can go back and when we gave you Elpida specific data in Q1 and in August, that’s a pretty representation of where and how good the mobile business can be and answer to your question PC is running just slightly behind that on the gross margin basis.
Mark Durcan: Well embedded business as you can see kind of get a sense on the embedded business relative it’s about proportional to what embedded business is to our top-line revenue. And then the NAND business kind of narrows that with embedded. And we’re seeing emerging for that to growth in future but right now it’s a nice proportion to our revenue.
Mark Durcan: We don’t want to try and react with too high a frequency to changes in the marketplace. When we make those kind of comments we’re really talking about long-term decisions as opposed to short-term opportunities. Having said that, we’re always maintaining flexibility in our business, particularly relative to segments and with a lower frequency relative to technologies.
Mark Durcan: Yes, we have very good progress I think on our 3D NAND technology. We’re very excited we’ve got the functional components with very strong device characteristics and talking about things like Window budgets and the tightness of our programming levels etc, so we’re very, very excited about it. We decided that we’re not going to sample for now, we like our relative competitive position and where we are relative to what we hear others might be. And so we’re going till we’re a little closer to volume production before, we unnecessarily expose ourselves by getting samples out there in the market place.
Mark Durcan: Well our focus is going to be to deliver system level 3D NAND products and putting a bunch of non-enabled components out in the market place right now for our competitors to see is of limited value. I think we want to wait till a little bit closer to where we those system level solutions enabled and then of course we’ll be working closely with our most valued customers to make sure they understand what’s coming down the pipe and the value we can deliver for and with it.
Mark Durcan: I think it’s about as we’ve been indicating for Micron it’s maybe slower than some of the early noise was. We still anticipate will be in the marketplace late this year, but the impact of the marketplace is not really until second half ’15 and maybe with some folks I thinks further talk a little late in that even now.
Mark Durcan: John, my point earlier was that initial applications for our 60 nanometer TLC components will be more consumer and retail oriented upfront. To-date no one has had a lot of success even on the client side enabling TLC memory. There is a lot of work being done and your question around controller development is a good one because I think that’s where the error correction and capabilities around enabling TLC to be reliable enough to ship in that segment. But we still think that’s kind of a 2015 calendar year phenomenon, we don’t see that happening in large scale in calendar ’14.
Mark Durcan: Sure, this quarter as you can see our inventory was flat and as we look at inventory we’ve kind of communicated this message and one good chance do it again, we’re looking at this business from returns perspective and not looking to hit some arbitrary inventory numbers in a given quarter. Even the DRAM business it’s pretty tight right now, so.
Mark Durcan: Really tight, so we don’t feel like we’re in a position that we’re going to be holding back inventory. We’ve got customers who need us to support them and it’s pretty healthy market. The NAND business as we’ve talked about earlier we’re going to make choices around the customer relationships and the product opportunities, but we’re going to resist the temptation to hit again a predefined number and inventory. We’re going to run the business to make money and we’re going to run it through the right products and that’s kind of an ongoing process we’re going to do.
Mark Durcan: Yes Doug it’s a good question and we’ve talked in the past this is something we are constantly reviewing and I think we believe that’s going to be appropriate at some point. We’re not ready to do it just yet.
Mark Durcan: Well, we kind of feel pretty strong about what we’ve delivered. This is being a new category. Customers over the last couple of years have been working with something like Micron to make this world-class quality level technology they can bring to both desktop and to the enterprise. Having said that, we’ve invested a lot in quality especially in the SSD place and our NAND performance had been actually coming from key enterprise customers as the higher performing NAND in the market. So as we look at our business, we learn a lot the new category but we feel pretty strong about our technology and our products. The areas we’ve invested the most for example PCIe, we’ve had the highest performance products in the market. So from a reliability standpoint, we don’t see that as a something that we’re explaining anything about the past. We think it’s been a pretty good quality opportunity for us to grow and to learn about system level solutions. And we think, we need a strong product development in the future.
Mark Durcan: Yes, Betsy for the first time we’re seeing the third-party data that suggest about a 12% to 15% increase in content this year. So the numbers would look something like last year’s average of about 4.3 gigabytes going to about 4.9 this year.
Ron Foster: A little bit, yes. As I mentioned we’re still projected to be within our guidance range of 2.6 to 3.2. We ran about 560 million this quarter.
Ron Foster: I’m not elaborating on the range yet that’s the range we’re giving you 2.6 to 3.2. I don’t have refinement on that at this point.
Ron Foster: Alex, this is Ron, I think the reason I gave you a view on sort of the trend of gross margin is we’re trying to give you an overall perspective on the business, we have a lot of things to move around quarter-to-quarter between products and customer mix and it affects cost and ASP ranges but in general it will be down a couple of points on margin, and quarter-to-quarter, a NAND and that’s probably the most complete way to give it to you. We have variability I mentioned in terms of SSD flow, we’re actually ramping SSDs in the quarter and it’s hard to call how much of that will move out in the quarter in your production versus sales question and how much flows into the next quarter but we’re ramping and that’s the important news.
Ron Foster: Guess the only thing I’d add from a efficiency standpoint, we now have all of our Singapore operations essentially running on NAND and that gives us a real benefits in terms of operational efficiency and cost going forward, and that’s also the strategic decision.
Ron Foster: Well, John this is Ron. The OpEx guide is generally in line with our run rate for the quarter, this most recent quarter maybe up a little bit higher and that’s usually a function of wafer calls on the R&D side. We were 344 in Q2 and regarding 345 to 355 that just typically wafer call cost and that sort of thing that’s cycled differently each quarter. And then SG&A we’re right in there with 177 was this quarter and we’re guiding 170 to 180.
Ron Foster: The margin on the known good die that Mark mentioned is better which is why we took advantages of it over the last couple of quarters. We’re going to ship . I think you’re right in characterizing that. We’ll probably ship fewer of those types of wafers which all of that wrapped in by the ways because I’m getting some questions on some of the guidance we had adds to this mix effect on in terms of bit growth and cost downs. But I think you’ve characterized it right that the known good die program is more profitable for us than packaged parts. And we have had a pretty strong market for about six months to ship more and more wafers into that. And I think now we’re going to probably back off that just little bit. But as Mark and Mark both alluded to, we’re actually shifting mix into customers that are drastically needed and be in short shift today. So there is plenty of homes for where we mix DRAM will continue to maximize margin with us.
Ron Foster: And thank you all. I would like to thank you for participating on the call today. If you please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language. During the course of this call, we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on dump on the call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings with the SEC, including the company’s most recent 10-Q and 10-Ks. Thank you.
