Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. Clearly, fiscal 2019 has been challenging for both Micron and the industry. While we continue to believe that the industry is structurally stronger, the confluence of events that impacted this year was unprecedented. Still, we have fared better due to the tremendous progress we have made on improving our product costs, advancing our technology, and increasing the mix of high value solutions. Recent industry financial results show that Micron’s profitability and balance sheet are best-in-class. Having said that, we are not resting on our recent accomplishments and are continuing to raise the bar for ourselves. Our CapEx and expense controls reflect our focus on profitability and free cash flow. With the economic and trade challenges facing the industry, the near term continues to be uncertain. But looking beyond these challenges, I’m excited about Micron’s future. We are in the early innings of growth in cloud computing, and the value of data in the new economy is going to drive secular growth in numerous memory and storage-intensive applications. AI, autonomous vehicles, 5G, and IoT will drive significant improvements in our lives, and we look forward to bringing the value of our innovative, market-leading solutions to our customers. In April, we issued our fourth annual sustainability report, which details Micron’s commitment to enhancing the world we live in through our products and our business practices. We achieved perfect scores on industry-standard environmental and social audits of our facilities in 2018 and 2019. Our ongoing focus and improvements in sustainable practices is a competitive differentiator for both our customers and our employees, and an important part of the transformation we are driving at Micron. I’m energized by the potential ahead of us and proud of the culture of innovation and execution that we are building. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, as I said in the prepared remarks, after the Huawei was placed on entity list, we began review of our products against the export administration required regulations and through that analysis we determined that certain of our products, a subset of our products that we were previously shipping to Huawei could continue to ship because it is lawful it is compliant to those export regulations. And you know of course, it had impact as Dave noted. In our FQ3, it had an impact because we could not ship at that time any product to them of nearly $200 million. And for FQ4, there would be impact to our revenue. What I would say is, that our revenue with Huawei in FQ4 would be less than what it otherwise would have been if Huawei was not on the entity listing. And of course, as we look ahead beyond FQ4, if Huawei continues to be on the entity list then in fiscal year 2020 as well, we would have an impact compared to what our revenue with Huawei would have been if they were not on the entity listing. Of course, we are a supplier to all customers in all end markets across the globe and we will – and our presence with several of those other customers is growing in terms of our penetration there, in terms of our share there. And we will continue to work on adjusting those, but we would not be able to make up in fiscal year 2020 if this were to continue the full shortfall and all though we plan to make a part of it through other parts of the business.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, with respect to CapEx, we have said meaningful reduction in CapEx from the fiscal year 2019 levels. And we will provide more details in the next call as we finalize our plans. Of course, our goal is to have our long-term considerations in mind with respect to technology and product cost capability, but most importantly to have our supply bit growth aligned with our expectations of demand bit growth. And when we look at supply bit growth, of course, we keep in mind the inventory that we are carrying from fiscal year 2019 into fiscal year 2020 for both DRAM, as well as NAND, which will help us supply some of the demand requirement in fiscal year 2020 and enable us to reduce our CapEx requirements in fiscal year 2020 and our CapEx management, of course, applies to both NAND, as well as DRAM.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, with respect to Huawei, as I've said before, our revenue expectation in fiscal Q4 is less than what it would have been without Huawei being on the entity list. Beyond that we don't really get into specifics in terms of revenue etcetera on a customer by customer basis. Of course, our revenue expectation with Huawei is baked into the guidance, revenue guidance that Dave provided for FQ4 of $4.5 billion plus or minus $200 million. And your second question, with respect to …
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, as we have said, the industry is in oversupply right now, both in DRAM, as well as in NAND. And while demand is increasing in the second half both for NAND and DRAM, the oversupply situation does persist and we have talked about in DRAM, challenging pricing environment and therefore it's important that CapEx cuts are made, as well as supply bit growth has managed to bring the supply bit growth in line with the demand growth, as well as over time to bring inventories in line with expectations as well. So, we are not providing a fiscal year 2020 guidance at this point, but all of the actions that we are taking here are really targeted to restore the industry demand and supply balance over the course of next few quarters.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, certainly as you noted, we have made tremendous improvement in our cost position and with respect to our peers and that reflects in our financial performance. As was noted in the prepared remarks, our margin improvement, relative margin improvement from previous times has really improved by 2,000 basis points and that's because of our execution on the cost front, as well as on the execution on the high value solutions front. And of course, we have more room to go with respect to cost competitiveness, as well as strengthening our high value solutions portfolio. So, we are extremely focused on this and you know as we look at driving our future opportunities, we of course when we make our CapEx decisions, we make them based on cost competitiveness off our supply in the future and of course, keeping in mind our free cash flow considerations and most important is that our total supply available to us coming from our inventory and coming from our supply bit growth should be matching with our demand expectations going forward over the course of next few quarters and to continue to improve our inventory position. But on the cost side, we feel very good about the 1Y and 1Z progress on DRAM, as well as we feel good about our 96-layer. And overall, even with the CapEx reductions that we’re talking about, we'll be in a good position with respect to cost both in DRAM and NAND next year. Of course we have talked about in NAND, our first generation replacement gate node will be a small node, in the sense that it will be deployed across a small set of products and we will not have any significant cost benefit from that first generation replacement gate node, but the second generation replacement gate node will give us meaningful cost benefit, compared to the last generations of floating gate node. So, we absolutely are on top of the game in terms of managing to our cost objectives.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And one thing I would add is, in terms of our overall CapEx that you mentioned, of course, as you know that in fiscal year 2019, we had meaningful part of our CapEx around $2 billion that was actually tied to facilities, cleanroom expansions to enable technology transitions. And this facility spend, may not be the same from one manufacturer to the other manufacturers, but for us that was a meaningful part. Again, as noted in our remarks before, to prepare us for technology transitions and not targeting any of that cleanroom space for any meaningful capacity, but really for technology transition.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So before going to the next question, I just wanted to make a small correction. In the prepared comments, I mentioned that QLC shipments were up approximately 75%, I meant to say that QLC bit shipments were up 75% quarter-over-quarter. So, just wanted to make that correction. And now I think we can move on to the next question.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I think we will be able to provide you more details related to fiscal year 2020 CapEx etcetera in our next earnings call. I would just point out that there is obviously considerable uncertainty here. As you can all see from the rather fluid situation with respect to Huawei, as well as with respect to U.S., China trade matters and of course we are just staying focused on optimizing what we can control, and really remaining nimble in our actions.  You have seen that how over the course of last one year we have for fiscal year 2019 managed our CapEx down from $10.5 billion plus, minus 5% to $9 billion now. So, we continue to stay vigilant and we are making decisive actions with respect to meaningful CapEx reductions in fiscal year 2020. But with respect to the further details, we will be in a better position to provide you information at the next earnings call.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes. So, it got up there and we did kind of work it down this quarter. I think we got it down to about 62 days. I would say ideally, it should be in the 50s, it was a little bit of a mix challenge this quarter that kind of drove it up a bit. And there is a couple of customers that have extended terms and they kind of hit us at that point, but ideally, we'd like to be somewhere in the mid-50s.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I would say that as we of course, we don't know for sure what the list looks like. We have a general sense based on what we've seen there is minimal impact from the incremental list. Most of what affects us was contemplated in the first two 1A, 1B, and then the second list.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I think it is too soon to tell. And keep in mind that in certain countries 5G has already started to be deployed, such as Korea and there are of course leading suppliers, other than Huawei as well for 5G. So, will remain to be seen how this deployment occurs over the course of next few quarters, in particular here. But there is no doubt that you know 5G will bring about greater applications for memory and storage, not only in smartphones, but also in machine-to-machine on the IoT front. And all of this will drive greater demand for memory and storage and we remain absolutely well prepared, of course, in a flexible fashion to meet the growing demand requirements for the business. That 5G, we think will provide over the course of next many years. But near term, in terms of exactly what happens with respect to Huawei aspects, I think really it is too soon to tell.
Sanjay Mehrotra: With respect to the cost declines, of course, we are continuing to execute well with respect to our nodes transitions, as well as continuing to drive cost declines the 1Y and 1Z nodes that you talked about, and we are on plan in terms of ramping up these nodes as well. And as I said before, we don't break out the cost reductions on first half versus second half. Of course, our expectations of cost reductions are baked into for FQ4, the gross margin guidance, as well as of course that takes into account our price decline assumptions as well for FQ4. So, all of that is really baked into it, we don't break it down, but keep in mind that as the new technology nodes advance, the cost reduction coming from new technology nodes is less and less compared to the prior nodes just because as we have explained several times before they naturally give you – given the challenges of scaling less per wafer bit growth capability and less cost reduction capability.
Sanjay Mehrotra: As we have discussed in the past that we would be introducing over the course of our fiscal year 2019, actually during calendar year 2019, our NVMe products and we started that first with consumer NVMe and later with our OEM NVMe that we talked about today. And now also for cloud and enterprise applications NVMe drive and these will take some period of time over the course of next few months in terms of getting qualified by customers, in terms of gaining traction with customers and that's why we had mentioned that 2019 will basically be a year of transition for us from SATA to NVMe. I just want to remind you that couple of years ago, Micron did not actually have investments in NVMe product development. We did very well and are continuing to do very well in SATA as you noted, and we began to significantly increase our investments in NVMe product development couple of years ago, and it takes a while to have these products in the marketplace. So, in 2020, as our NVMe solutions get adopted by our customers and as we ramp those into production, we do expect to be gaining share with NVMe all throughout the 2020 timeframe.
Sanjay Mehrotra: No, I'm not saying that it will not have effect on cost. What I'm saying is that we will be in good position with cost because our technologies – underlying technologies, give us good cost reduction capabilities from one node to the next node. Overall, from our cost point of view, we'll be in good position and for NAND I'll just remind you that you know our CMOS under the array technology gives us the smallest die size in the industry and that has meaningful implications with respect to the cost competitiveness that we have. So, overall, we feel good about the technology and the production mix that we will be driving through the remainder of fiscal year 2019, as well as through fiscal year 2020 in terms of meeting our demand expectations, as well as remaining cost competitive.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, with respect to what we are able to ship to Huawei, as I said before that what we are able to ship is what is not under the export administration regulations. And that's what we are able to ship and actually export administration regulations have various complex aspects and considerations several criteria that you have to go through, if you're interested in that, you can certainly go to the BIS site and look for those and we assess our products versus those and you know these considerations are not just limited to any one or two aspects such as what you mentioned, I mean they have several aspects and we assess our products that we can ship to Huawei versus those and have made determination or shipments and we, as we said, we began those shipments in last two weeks. With respect to your question around other components etcetera, of course this is a company by company decision and each company has to evaluate its own situation and obviously Huawei has to look at its own supply chain. So, with respect to the products that we can ship to them, we work closely with them to understand what is their latest demand on those products, and that is what is baked into our FQ4 guidance. What I would like to point out here is that at the end of the day since you asked the question about mobile phones. The smartphone demand overall from consumers point of view is really going to be the same. I mean, consumers are going to be buying the phones that they're going to buy, based on the features, the new models, all of that will be bought there may be some share shift that maybe occurring between the various suppliers of smartphones and as you know, we are well engaged with customers across the smartphone ecosystem as a supplier to them. Of course, you know Huawei was our number one customer, we continue to engage with other customers as well. And we have had growing presence with those other customers and we'll continue to look for opportunities to best optimize our business while always of course continuing to comply with US laws and regulations and for that matter we always comply with laws and regulations in all countries that we operate in.
Sanjay Mehrotra: For cloud and data center. I mean, as we said I think cloud customers, as well as several other customers had operated with high levels of inventory in the – starting late last year and through the course of first half of this year those inventory levels have been largely worked to normal levels. Except for in enterprise, as we noted in our prepared remarks and we look forward to robust growth in fiscal fourth quarter in the area of cloud and you know we are, of course, continuing to broaden our product portfolio as well with solutions such as NVMe solutions and that will bring us bigger opportunities in the future as well.
Dave Zinsner: So, on DRAM bit growth, we said it would be up meaningfully in the fourth quarter, NAND will be more modest given the environment.
Dave Zinsner: I'd just add that, you know, Sanjay already mentioned this drive to high value solutions. In other way we can improve our gross margins, but also the node transitions isn't the only way we affect the cost of the product and so one example is, for example, the back-end we're very acutely focused on the back-end we are bringing some of that activity that we were doing that was being outsourced internally. We think we can improve our cost structure in that regard to. So, there are many ways we can drive the cost to improve it.
Dave Zinsner: A three-part question, John. Okay, so the inventories obviously are elevated right now. As you point out, one of the big drivers of our increased inventory level is in NAND. And that is kind of by design for us. We are trying to build up some inventory going into 2020, fiscal 2020 for us because we are going to make this transition to replacement gate. Replacement gate doesn't drive very much bit growth for us in the first node in replacement gate. And so, we'll need to draw on our inventory in order to meet demand, and that's – I don't know the exact number, but that's a decent chunk of the [overage] in terms of days. The other aspect of the elevated level of inventory is in DRAM. That was a little bit more a function of pretty good bit growth in the first couple of quarters of the calendar year of 2019 and of course we had had customers working down their inventories and so inventory was building up in our balance sheet. We do expect now that we're in a place, Sanjay mentioned that we're seeing inventories get to be in a good place in the cloud space, in the graphic space, in the PC space. And so, we would expect to start to see inventories start to come down now.  We think we'll be in a relatively good spot by the end of the calendar year, may not be at quote unquote optimal levels, but certainly in a healthier place and then quick quickly after that I would expect DRAM to be in a good place. From a write down perspective, we did write down about $40 million of inventory this quarter specific to Huawei. We finished goods inventory with Huawei that does not look like that's going to get sold, so we did reserve that. Outside of that, from a kind of an obsolescence perspective, we don't see really any risk with the inventory we're carrying. We think it's very good inventory, it got a good cost position, very good demand with that inventory. So, unlikely to have any issue as it relates to obsolescence. The other of course area, you have to concern yourself with is the, any sort of lower cost to market issue with the inventory. I think you can kind of guess by the quality of our gross margins that we are not really in danger of having any write-down associated with lower cost to market. So, outside of these kind of one-off issues that we deal with from time to time, like we did with Huawei this quarter I don't really see a big issue with inventory in terms of write-downs or reserves.
Dave Zinsner: So, getting back to the FY 2019 just to be clear, what Sanjay said was about $2 billion was kind of construction related spend, the rest is front-end and back-end. So, there is some – and some miscellaneous capital spend for R&D group and so forth. So, there is more to it than even that. I'll be honest with you, we have not, you kind of completely finalized CapEx budget for next year. We have a pretty good sense of directionally where it is going, but all the pieces specifically were not quite there yet. And so, what we'd like to do is wait and give you more granularity around that in the next quarter's call. But I would anticipate that both areas would have some reduction to them.
