Mark Durcan: Thank you, Ernie. There is one additional thing I’d like to mention before opening up the call for questions. As you know Mark Adams resigned for health reasons at the beginning of the year. Rather than directly replacing his role, we’ve decided to make and are in the process of implementing some changes to our organizational structure that we believe will effectively ensure our ongoing competitiveness. To summarize, we continue to navigate challenging market conditions, and we’re working to match the timing of our leading edge output with the right mix of customers in end markets. We remain confident in the long-term health of the industry and our strategy to improve our relative competitive position. Operator, we’re now ready to begin Q&A.
Mark Durcan: Yes, so first relative to the qualification, obviously when you’re ramping multiple new fabs on new technology nodes and simultaneously transitioning to new densities and new IOs, it’s a complicated thing to keep everything completely aligned with all the various customer requirements and customer product rollouts, particularly in a design-in sort of more sticky environment like we experienced in the mobile segment. So really what we experience is more of a timing issue relative to some of those products and some of those customers, and we’re very confident that the product meets their needs. Its just a matter of now getting them queued up and through the qualification cycle. So, very confident that that we’ve a good handle on the timing and that’s why we continue to build those products and are confident holding the amount of inventory to cover that. Relative to the -- to client SSDs, you’re right. There has been significant pressure there. We have talked about strong double-digit growth in terms of our bit growth on NAND, on a go-forward basis. And given that, significant cost reductions have come with that as well as the strong ability to ramp TLC as we move late into the year with our 3D NAND. So, generally speaking we feel pretty good about where our NAND business goes as we move late into this year and into the next year.
Mark Durcan: I’m not going to predict anything relative to ASPs or margins, but I do feel very confident that our 3D NAND ramp and our TLC ramp are as predicted with the associated cost gains that you expect and that we previously discussed.
Mark Durcan: Yes. So, you’re correct that some of these new IOs have die size penalty associated with them. It’s a mix of anywhere between 0 and 8, 9, 10 percentage, depending on the density and the form factor. I’d say that the mix shift that we see is, yes, we will continue to see as we move through the year. Some increase in the growth in the mix relative to these mobile IDs. Generally speaking, we’re also going to see growth in the server segment as well. So, generally speaking we’ve given you this all-in bit growth guidance of 15% to 25% CAGR over the next couple of years. And that includes the mix effects that we currently anticipate in our business and I think we’re fairly confident in terms of our ability to understand.
Mark Durcan: Probably not -- it varies greatly depending on model obviously. You would kind of think in terms of all-in memory growth and we think it can be up to $90, $100 a car.
Mark Durcan: Yes, the automotive business has been pretty strong for us. And its also we view it as an attractive business, because the sockets are pretty sticky, the life times of the products are longer and so from a total return its very positive market for us.
Mark Durcan: So there is always a mix piece to the equation that may vary from competitor to competitor, but if you set that aside, I think we’ve outlined that we think our bit growth and our cost downs, particularly in DRAM starting in Q3, and in NAND later in the quarter are going to be significant relative to what you would expect for an industry average and that’s really what drives the fundamental equation relative to relative competitive position irrespective of what market conditions might look like.
Mark Durcan: Well, we had significant bits -- bit growth in NAND in the quarter and typically we expect the cost reduction associated with that. On the DRAM side, what we did I think experience a measurable success relative to the progress we made on our 20-nanometer and the placement of those products with customers. There is a mix impact that is somewhat of a headwind related to the type of memory and in particular LPDDR4 and DDR4 versus LPDDR3 and DDR3. That is a headwind relative to bit growth. We will overwhelm that as we move through the next couple of quarters as we’ve talked about. But that has been a little bit of a headwind and when you layer on top of that some of the inventory growth in high margin products or with a higher margin products typically the mobile piece of the business, that was somewhat of a headwind relative to the cost reduction of DRAM in the current quarter.
Mark Durcan: No, in particular inventory that we’re holding is primarily been around timing of product qualifications, and while there is a mix of different types of products in that inventory, I wouldn’t direct you to the compute market, in particular, in fact I’d say that mobile is more significant piece of that.
Mark Durcan: Let me just -- additionally its -- we’re not taking what we think is any significant risk here. These are products that we’ve high confidence we’re going to sell-through are pretty fungible among customers.
Mark Durcan: We’re not going to forecast the make order pricing for you. We -- no matter how many times you -- how different ways we go at it, Tim, unfortunately we can’t tell you that, but we can tell you we’re pretty comfortable with our cost downs and our bit growth, being along the lines of what we previously forecast to you and we’re very comfortable with the way everything is progressing in manufacturing. So you got to take that last little piece and plug it in yourself.
Mark Durcan: Sure. So, obviously with the change in the market since the time we talked about the acquisition, the benefits whether you assume its the new arrangements or the full consolidation are actually more muted. We still believe that they’re positive, but significantly more muted than the time when we originally announced things and we’d expect from a handicapping point of view FQ1 would be the first time you would see the big uplift and the impacts that we’ve previous talked about relative to margin accretion starting in the third quarter have obviously changed as a result of the change in the market environment.
Mark Durcan: Yes, not a whole lot to communicate on that yet, other than we’ve started early silicon in the fab in Taichung. And this it’s a process that we don’t believe will result in any significant volume on 110 -- when we call a 110 series or 1X nanometer node until we get into 2017.
Mark Durcan: You know that’s moving along as we expected. So there is no new news from the last time we shared things publicly.
Mark Durcan: We ended up in a slightly different place relative to what we saw through relative to mobile, that is fair to say. Relative to mobile pricing, down mid single digits in the quarter we finish.
Mark Durcan: You know we continue to focus around our cost and our cost competitiveness. We really don’t get in the business of forecasting margins, because there is a pricing environment piece of that which we’ve very little control over. So, we can talk clearly about what we think is going to happen on the cost front, we’ve done that. I’m happy to reiterate that. But margin is not something we’re in the business of doing.
Mark Durcan: While we talk about being in -- being over 50% 3D NAND in the fall, and so if you want more precision than that, probably not ready to go there yet, other than to say we continue to be very happy with the way that technology is rolling out in manufacturing. We are very satisfied with the quality and the -- and our ability to apply TLC versions of our 3D NAND. And that will provide an added boost really later in the fall and into the beginning of 2017.
Mark Durcan: Well, its -- I don’t think I’ve got anything really new to say about that. I think we’ve said before that we anticipated that clearly China was interested in being the memory market and that they would look for ways to find partners or to grow organically. We’ve now heard about significant investments in organic growth. But we would remind everyone a yes, that we believe that there are significant technology hurdles and intellectual property requirements in terms of being a major player in the memory space and we think its going to be a challenging road for the -- for organic and will take sometime.
Mark Durcan: Yes, its what -- first of all, you’re right. This year we’re short of an enablement mode, and we’re working with a number of different end market segments. Some customers then have significant interest in mobile, some customers in enterprise, or big data applications, I mean mobile for low power -- from the low power benefits. Early on as we ramp this technology we expect cannibalization to be low to zero. Over time, as the technology matures and drive to significantly higher volumes. I’d expect some of that volume to come out of what otherwise would have been DRAM and maybe even eventually what otherwise have been other types of Non-Volatile memory. But generally speaking, this is a differentiated technology that will grow the size of the overall memory market at least over the next two, three, four years.
Mark Durcan: Yes, so we don’t give you bit growth projection for either production or sales anymore, since we are down guiding all the financial numbers. But I think the broader interpretation of your question is what are we confident, we’re going to have the bit growth that we’re baking into our models and the answer there is we’re now a month of the quarter, so a significant part of the output is already out and another significant part of the output is already running in the fab. We are seeing a month of yield data already. And we just reinforce what we said in the last Analyst Day presentation that the ramp is really at that time was and continues to outperform any previous new technology ramp in terms of yield maturity. And so, we just really like the way its going. We are seeing strong progress in two fabs in parallel and we’re highly confident that we’re going to deliver on the bit growth and associated cost improvements that we forecast to you previously.
Mark Durcan: Well, what we’ve said is that over a -- the CAGR that we provided which is 16 and 17 that we’re looking at somewhere in the realm of 25% cost down versus 20-nanometer, that’s more of a cash cost down and that if you take total costs, all then including depreciation which we will encounter to a higher degree of 20-nanometer versus what we encountered at 25. We are looking at somewhere between 15% and 25%, so it will obviously in the early days it will be less, but as we get and ramp to mature yield, you will expect to see some right in the center of that range.
Mark Durcan: So, we’ve planer, TLC NAND in the marketplace today. But we -- I think we commented earlier that, the SSD, the client SSD and consumer SSD market has been fairly challenged from a pricing perspective and so we’ve been measured in terms of how we approach that end market? I think the more important thing is that yes, we believe that as we move to 3D NAND and very significant percentage of our output will eventually become 3D and that’s just drive significant cost reduction above and beyond the conversion to 3D itself.
Mark Durcan: So, we actually already have Gen 2 in a manufacturing fab. What I commented on was that we’d start sort of early production in the summer. So, we’ve -- we actually have product range from manufacturing fabs today on Gen 2, and obviously like the way that’s going as well. As to the equipment set, its not identical, but it is similar equipment. In some cases more of it, that are very, very similar tools.
Mark Durcan: Well, I think -- well, first of all, we’re not going to do it unless we see negative cash margins, because we haven’t added any incremental capacity. And we think we’d be foolish to be the first ones to take capacity off, given that fact set.
Mark Durcan: Our focus isn’t on market share. Our focus is on making sure that we’ve deployed equivalent advanced technology, at least equivalent advanced technology to our competitor, so that we’re not incentivising others to play for market share. And we think that’s just really a prudent thing to do as managers of our business that we should make sure that we’re putting in place efficient manufacturing production capacity and that’s what we’re very, very focused on.
Mark Durcan: You know that comment was really a specific to the networking segment of our CNBU business. And we start -- we’re starting to see a little bit more activity there, maybe early parts of next generation infrastructure rollout. And we’d expect that to continue for a number of years.
Mark Durcan: No, we still think that the range that we provided is accurate over that timeframe. The industry we think will be less than 20% in terms of industry bit growth.
Mark Durcan: Yes, that’s as a result of deploying advanced technology, not adding wafers for, are targeting some specific market.
Mark Durcan: All right. I want to thank everyone for their participation on the call today and for their continued interest in Micron. Obviously, I’m still bullish of the memory industry. I like the way we’re executing and with that I’m going to turn it back over to Ivan to close us up.
Ernie Maddock: No, we don’t expect to do anything on the utilization front and we think the substantial majority of the inventory will be work through in the fourth fiscal quarter with maybe a little bit carrying over into Q1, but we don’t foresee anything beyond that.
Ernie Maddock: You know I think if you accept that the cost reductions are on track with what we articulated in our Analyst Day, really it sort of boils down to what your assumption is relative to the pricing environment and certainly we’ve embedded certain assumptions in our guided range and really want to make sure that we’re communicating that. The issue relates to an assumption around the pricing environment and not the realization of the cost reduction of the Company.
Ernie Maddock: You know if you look at the guidance we’ve provided for FQ2 and what we’ve provided for FQ3; they’re not too dissimilar to one another. And if you look at the CapEx discussion we just had where we’re saying we’re still on track to spend about $5 billion and clearly we’ve reported on the first half of the year in terms of CapEx spend. I think you’ve all the information you need to understand within a reasonable estimable range what the cash flow environment will likely look like for the third fiscal quarter.
Ernie Maddock: No, because if you think about the reverse, let’s say they weren’t going higher, you would have expected those to sell-through into the revenue line, which would have effectively increase the cash flow vis-à-vis the prior quarter. So, the fact that we -- the guidance does really contemplate if you sort of follow the guide post I’ve just provided to you, they will get you to a pretty good estimate of what is likely to happen on cash flow for the quarter.
Ernie Maddock: I think its very similar to the answer of one of the earlier questions, which is we’re very confident and provided some pretty clear visibility into what we think is happening with the cost structure. And as I said earlier, we all have an assumption set around what’s going to happen in the pricing environment and so depending on your assumption about that, and we certainly have taken a view that suggest that you’re going to continue to see some of the pressure that we’ve seen over the recent quarters. So the gross margin guide is very, very centered around an ASP assumption versus any doubt about our ability to achieve our cost reductions.
Ernie Maddock: You know I’m not sure I said that product would improve at all. So, I don’t think I went there. And as a result of that, I think I said we expect to see continued pricing pressure and certainly if you think about our discussion around our inventory build and that being in the mobile business and the mobile business typically being at the upper end of the gross margin continuum rather than the PC segment, it does help explain some of that thinking that went into our gross margin guide for the quarter.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, and I’d add to that, Tim, that its important to remember that we’ve always sort of looked at NAND cost reduction as more of a Q4 event with DRAM in Q3 and if you again couple that with the color we’ve provided around inventory and that being predominantly attributable to one of the higher margin segments, I think you will find that if you triangulate around all of this, its pretty easy to understand that what we’re saying around cost reduction is in fact reality.
Ernie Maddock: Yes its point to remember how much of our cost structure is fixed. And so to Mark’s point as long as we’re getting a contribution to that cost structure, that fixed cost structure, it’s a really ill advised move to be unilaterally cutting production.
Ernie Maddock: Sure. So, again similar to what we said before, we’re looking at a wide variety of options for that remaining $1 billion and as the time to close approaches, we will be looking at the alternatives that make the most sense to us, given where we’re at the time.
