Mark Durcan: Thank you, Ernie. As many of you know Kipp Bedard will be transferring out of the Investor Relations leadership role over the next few weeks. So, I wanted to take just a minute today to thank him for all his contributions to the team over the last 32 years. Kipp has not only been a great leader of Investor Relations for Micron, but a selfless team member, whose contributions internally through the years rivaled his well-recognized excellence externally. I've always been able to count on Kipp, Kipp's honesty and thoughtful input on all manner of issues facing the Company, and in good times and bad he is and always has been all about Micron and the team. I think it's fair to say that Micron would not be the Company it used to be without Kipp. So, we will truly miss our good friend.
Mark Durcan: Thank you, Kipp. Let me finish on this topic by saying, we're very fortunate to have a very capable Ivan Donaldson in-house and ready to step into the lead IR role. I think most on the call already know Ivan and then he too has a thorough understanding of the Company, the industry along with the skills to excel in this role. I certainly expect that if he steps in, he will hit the ground running and thought Kipp is leaving behind some very big shoes to fill, Ivan's preparation and dedication, make him an easy choice for this role. To summarize our call today, we're in the midst of some challenging market conditions but we remain confident in the long-term health of the industry and in our strategy to succeed. This confidence drives our long-term investment perspective and we expect to see stronger bit growth and cost reductions starting in the second half of the year. Operationally, we're laser focused on execution related to the deployment of leading-edge DRAM and 3D NAND, as well as advanced controller development. Operator we're ready for Q&A.
Mark Durcan: So, first of all, I think it's important to recognize that, although Inotera's output will be, the wafer starts will be about 80% by year-end it takes a while to sort of move those through the overall system and deliver them into the marketplace and so you wouldn't get the full benefit of that 20-nanometer cost reduction as we move into our fiscal Q2. And in terms of other overall factors there was clearly continued pressure on PC DRAM and as we have talked about for some time, 20-nanometer doesn't get you to lower cost immediately whether from Inotera or out of any other fab as a result of startup costs and getting those ramps to scale. And then finally, DDR4 cost which is getting to be an increasingly important part of the mix are clearly a little bit higher than DDR3 and that creates some pressure as well. So those are the general characteristics of the margin trends there.
Mark Durcan: Our TLC output is about 10% plus or minus. We have more capabilities for upside volume if we so chose, that portion of the market has been super-competitive both in components and in TLC-based client center SSDs. So we've moved some of our capacity that we initially targeted TLC toward some higher value sockets, which really allowed us to insulate against pricing pressure although a bit better than the market.
Mark Durcan: Yes, you know we have said for some time that really it's absolutely imperative that we not necessarily have an identical technology profile to others in the market, but certainly narrow the gap relative to the deployed advanced technology, that enables a couple of things, one is it make sure that we have timely introduction of the right products for our customers. But additionally, it makes sure that we don't have a situation in the marketplace that competitors can take advantage of and drive increased market share due to a different profile relative to manufacturing efficiency. So, yes we think it's strategically important that we narrow this gap; we're focused on it and we believe that with demand growth that we see in the marketplace it can absorb that incremental capacity as we make those transitions, as long as others in the marketplace don't add too many incremental new wafers.
Mark Durcan: Well, let me try to set the baseline from where we sit today. Enterprise is relatively small, but the growth trajectory is pretty big. The 3 areas of investment we’re driving today are continued focus on enterprise-level controller and firmware, obviously driving the Seagate product line to market in the SaaS category. And we're also investing very heavily in 3D NAND drives for enterprise which we will be sampling soon. The final piece for us is I mentioned briefly in my comments, our components that we market to other enterprise players are probably the highest margin products we have in NAND, because of the quality of NAND we manufacture. So when you combine all that out, we're pretty bullish about enterprise going forward and we will continue to invest as such.
Mark Durcan: I would say it's more oriented on the DRAM side for all the reasons we've talked about on the course of the call. We expect NAND to be relatively similar to what we're seeing this quarter maybe a little bit sequentially lower, but it’s DRAM is where the most significant movement is.
Mark Durcan: There is a continued performance and as you might imagine if you look at things that are closest to PCs that in the enterprise space maybe some of the cost basis that look a little bit more like PCs those maybe subject to some increasing price pressure as well. If you go to the mobile side which is a little bit more specialized that tends to be buffered somewhat, but generally speaking as we talked about on the call, you see pressure throughout that whole sector.
Mark Durcan: Yes, I think, and maybe Ernie wants to comment on this too, John but, yes I think the key point is that as we get a little further into the year that 20-nanometer transition is driving some pretty significant improvements at Inotera and we expect it to be quite accretive to us right out of the chute once we close.
Mark Durcan: Sure, on the eMCP category, there's really two dynamics going on one of which is some market softness in mobile which we identified earlier in my comments. The second piece is that as is consist with some other DRAM segments, the 20-nanometer transition puts us in a position where this was heavy focused on qualifying at major OEM customers. Having said that, there is also one area of mix issues that relates to the high-end and the low-end doing better than the mid-range segment of the market, so combine all those three together and there is some pressure on eMCP demand, we are continuing to feel that as a place for our product's focus, but again weighing that against mix and other opportunities.
Mark Durcan: That for us as I mentioned earlier, we saw a very heavy competition in client SSDs driven by low cost TLC products both in the consumer and OEM market and we chose to move some of our capacity out of that market to higher value sockets and that allowed us to get kind of the most out of our capacity.
Mark Durcan: I would say that without forecasting it is something that yes we see pretty consistent quarter to-date and we would as Mark commented we are going to watch that while we position our 3D NAND TLC out longer term, because of the performance and cost advantages there. But today we see other opportunities as I said for our NAND capacity more are high performing MLC capacity that allows us to make that shift.
Mark Durcan: Well, I not sure we sent forecast out on either one of those stated. We think that the PC market, the signs are that channel inventories are leveling off a little bit better that was after the inventory was low. If you look at more specifically to our business DRAM inventory in the channel with the exception of one player, one larger player, DRAM inventory across our channel is pretty low. So the demand seems to be flowing through and replenish of inventory seems -- that seems to be dynamic in the PC space. So that’s what behind our view of the world in terms of PC shipments. If you look at the data while not stellar growth certainly better than the first half of calendar year '15. On the mobile side, we still believe that these same dynamic goes on with smartphones, inventory is relatively low and the other side if you look at the configurations that are coming out for holiday and beyond, the memory content per unit is going out nicely in our favor. So it's all about for the mobile phone place market segment it's really all about what's the weighted average content and we still see not withstanding some of the weakness in the middle -- pretty reasonable growth in aggregate for the smartphone business.
Mark Durcan: I think overall we think yes the penetration in enterprise is so low that we think it's likely that there tends to be a better market going forward and we are going to invest as such. Some of our competitiveness comments are really more around value segment, consumer and channel SSD-type products that are really driven by kind of a cost approach and not a performance approach.
Mark Durcan: So, I don’t think it's too dissimilar a story from the discussion we had about margins which is you know we've talked about the fact that for the first couple of quarters of this fiscal year our bit growth is going to be limited. Now we are growing bits however in the face of some of the pricing pressures that we’ve seen in PCs, our PC DRAM space et cetera, that is not enough to overcome you know the bit growth doesn't quite overcome the pricing and that leads to the revenue circumstances as you heard both Mark and Mark speak about today in terms of those things are going to drive our bit growth in the second half of this fiscal year and into you know fiscal '17 those are still well on-track which would be the full deployment of 20-nanometer throughout the DRAM space, as well as the 3D NAND conversion.
Mark Durcan: So Tim we are not operating the fab, we're not ramping the fab, Intel is our partner and we're helping facilitate the deployment of the technology to that fab. So, that relationship remains healthy and we would expect that as Intel progresses with their ramp of the manufacturing technology there, at some point we will have more discussions about whether it makes sense for increased collaboration at that site, we're not involved today.
Mark Durcan: Well, again we got to stay away from or we're going to stay away from projecting ASPs with, but in terms of our internal operational leverage we think things get a lot better in Q3.
Mark Durcan: Percent of 3D is it's relatively small today but ramping fairly aggressively and again as we get into the second half of next year we'll actually be into the new fab expansion as well. So, it'll really takeoff then.
Mark Durcan: Well I think it targets both, main memory and storage applications overtime, probably a higher value in the near memory then in, and then in the storage applications but could be targeted at both. We're really more in an enablement mode as opposed to a significant production ramp today, but we think the revenue does become significant out in 2017 and more so in 2018.
Mark Durcan: Yes there is a dynamic that as you ramp new technologies you have to get those products qualified, but they don't necessary always flow out to the customer quite as quickly, so there is an inventory dynamic that you're referencing. I think the bigger issue is that when you're ramping new technologies, it just takes awhile to get the tools ramped and loaded and get that output out and the cost reductions do come they just don't come quite as quickly as people anticipate. We're on-track or slightly ahead of where we expected to be from a yield perspective, so everything is progressing nicely there. Obviously ASPs are a lot lower than we thought they were going to be.
Mark Durcan: Yes, I think we said for quite awhile Mark that fiscal Q3 is when you should really start to see the impact from 20-nanometer ramp and all the guidance we've given over previous quarters I think it is still on-track and intact.
Mark Durcan: Well certainly look at that dynamic, our view of the world is that even with that variability that you're projecting, there is a content increase for device that we feel comfortable mutes that out and so we think over the long run mobile is pretty solid. And again we're taking a look at all the market segments and there is networking we think will continue to be a good market for us hyper-scale servers as well as there is some balancing will do in general, but all-in-all we think mobile is a good place over the long run.
Mark Durcan: All-in-all, I would say the enterprise market of the two appears to be more favorable for us. Datacenter is a little bit more commoditized I think. Some of the datacenters materials sometimes could be consumed with high-end PC grade material. But overall we think that the projection of the market in servers gets us in a new pretty good growth environment and as we look at that server again like mobile, we have a good market for us we're not -- we don’t think it's a challenge for us as far as adding growth in the bits to that segment.
Mark Durcan: That's a relatively muted step from 20 to 18 and relative to that particular competitor we think there are also some architectural changes that will cost them some rate efficiency, so we believe that notwithstanding the fact that other competitors will continue to migrate their technology at a more muted pace on a go forward basis we will continue to narrow the gap.
Mark Durcan: What we touched on the announcement that was on average, you'd expect to see Inotera add somewhere around $800 million a year to our CapEx that we have previously discussed and the reality is cash fungible, so it will add cash flow into the Company and the Company will direct that cash flow where it sees best so the idea of specifically saying that cash flow would be used for 3D XPoint is sort of a mute issue.
Mark Adams: I think longer term it's fair to say that as we ramp 3D, we would expect that penetration to begin to increase again.
Mark Adams: Yes Doug, let me just add you know as we, as we do this substantial ramp of 20-nanometer we have a lot of new products to qualify as well. And so getting complete certainty as to exactly when all these products are going to qualify and when we will ship that product is difficult although we have complete confidence that we will qualify them and that they will be delivered. So there is that dynamic and that aspect as well which is I mean you know associated with ramping a lot of new products simultaneously.
Mark Adams: Yes just one other comment. We've communicated all along for many years that as a percentage of our capacity we sell and market our products in these much higher value segments, if you look at ASP per gigabit in NAND and DRAM for example, we've been a market leader in that for as long as I can remember. And when you're not in that model, meaning you're in ramp stage and you're driving these products into lower value segments the volatility and pricing will have a much bigger impact on margins during that time phase.
Mark Adams: Yes, we commented on that a little bit earlier, not an 8 gigabit but we would expect that as we ramp-up and crossover that we will be at parity and actually see some reductions but at present it’s fair to think about it as a headwind for us.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, so I do think from a cost perspective that we've been talking for sometime about the fact that the first couple of quarters of this fiscal year were going to be the most challenging for us as we got everything lined up relative to 20-nanometer and also on the NAND side. So I think that -- without certainly providing guidance beyond Q2, I would say our expectation is that with increased bits out we're going to see cost down that will be very helpful to us in the back half for the year. DDR4 has a bigger dye size than DDR3 but the shrink gets you closer to parity and also the production of 8 gig is also a big cost driver. So, it's really hard to say specifically but you are certainly in the same zip-code based on that comparison.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, and the only thing I'd add to that is that the bulk of the CapEx spend for their ’16 will already be completed. So, certainly from a cash flow perspective there is a lot of leverage there as well.
Ernie Maddock: So Doug, just in summary we look at all this as opportunity and certainly we think we can do better and we intend to do better.
