Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Mark. Over the last year, our world-class technology, business, and manufacturing teams ensured ongoing leadership in foundational memory technologies and the expansion of our industry-leading product portfolio. We are encouraged by the progress we have made on pricing, and we are on track to restore profitability more commensurate with the great value our solutions provide to our customers. We expect 2024 to be a year of recovery and can see the path towards a healthy supply-demand environment along with strong growth in critical new technologies like HBM3E. From the data center to the edge, AI has emerged as a significant secular driver that will further bolster the industry towards record revenue TAM in 2025 and drive growth for years to come. Micron's broad and growing suite of leading-edge products positions us well to capitalize on the immense opportunities ahead. Thank you for joining us today. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Thanks, Krish for the question. And with respect to the pricing, we of course expect pricing to continue to strengthen during calendar 2024. And this is because of the healthy demand-supply balance as we discussed in the context of our script. As you have seen, there have been significant cuts in supply growth in the industry. Customer inventories have normalized, supplier inventories are improving, as we have discussed our own inventory here as well. And pricing will continue to improve as a result through the course of the year. And of course, you know, the demand trends overall, because of improvement of customer inventories are in PCs, in smartphones, automotive and industrial, the demand trend will continue. And in sometime in first half of '24, calendar '24, we expect data center inventories at customers to get normalized as well. And beyond that point, we would expect data center to become another boost in demand in 2024. So we expect pricing to continue to increase both in NAND and in DRAM as well. And we expect a healthy demand-supply environment in 2025 as well as a healthy pricing environment in '25 too. And I just want to point out that as we noted, we have tightness on our leading-edge nodes. They are already in short supply and inventories will continue to improve for us. And all of this results in overall healthy dynamics for pricing improvements, profitability improvements, and revenue opportunity growth in the backdrop of demand drivers, AI being a dominant demand driver across the end markets.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So we are not breaking down the CapEx, you know, between HBM and other parts of the business, but we have noted that our WFE is down, and of course, we are very much focused on supporting the growth of our HBM business. We are very excited about our leading-edge product, HBM3E, which is the most advanced HBM3E offering in the industry. And we are -- as we noted in our remarks, post the qualification, you know, we are going to be starting production ramp early in calendar '24 and driving revenue growth will be more back half loaded for us. So -- I mean, we will of course make the necessary investments to support the demand for our HBM in '24. I would just point out that our HBM supply is basically in calendar year '24 is sold out at this point. And, you know, in terms of, you know, NAND and CapEx, whether in NAND or in DRAM, what's most important is that the profitability returns to the levels that are really needed in order to justify ROI in increasing any CapEx investments. So this is what we are focused on and we'll remain extremely disciplined with respect to any CapEx, with respect to any supply growth considerations. And you know that the profitability in the industry is still far from the levels that are needed to get ROI on the investments and we plan to remain extremely disciplined in this regard.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So our product is in qualification, as we noted in our comments here, and qualification is progressing well. And post qualification, we expect to be ramping production volumes as well as shipments to our customers. And that's what will yield to several hundred millions of dollars of revenue for us in fiscal year '24. Again, that revenue will be more back half of our fiscal year, more so in the back half. But that volume ramp and that revenue opportunity will continue to build up as we go into '25. It will continue to increase in our fiscal year as well as calendar year '25. And as we have said that sometime in calendar year '25, we expect to be able to get to a level of our share in the HBM market that would align with our share in DRAM. So this is an exciting opportunity for us. And as you know, HBM is higher revenue per gigabyte. It is also higher profitability per gigabyte. So this is -- and it's one of the biggest growth markets in memory today. So we are excited about this opportunity. And of course, you know, there's a very tight relationship, tight integration with customers for quals on HBM. And it takes longer than standard products. And, you know, these are all factors that will play a role in terms of, you know, the number of suppliers that customers would tend to have for any given platform for HBM.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So with respect to strategic inventory, I think we had discussed in the past that we had made certain strategic -- certain customers had built certain strategic purchases in our FQ4 time frame and those are completing in CQ4 here. And of course, as we look ahead, we are very much focused on, you know, managing our supply, managing our demand. Pricing environment is increasing and we want to in this environment, of course, make sure that we meet the requirements of our customers in a fashion that overall maintains, you know, healthy dynamics of our business. Beyond that, I don't think we are in a position to discuss further specifics here.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes, that model is very much relevant once we get past this downturn and the recovery from this downturn as well. And I think we just have to recognize that this downturn has been steep. This has been driven by once in 100 year pandemic as well as all the other related factors which we have talked about, customer inventories and demand pull-in and demand normalization and all other things that have impacted -- severely impacted the industry environment over the course of last year. 2024, we'll be recovering and we have called it the year of recovery. And we have talked about how we see pricing continuing to increase through the year and of course, profitability continuing to improve through the year as well. As we look past this recovery, we would definitely say that cross-cycle model that we have discussed in the past definitely would hold and that's what we target for.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So obviously, due to the confidential nature of this agreement, we cannot provide any specifics around these prepayments. But what I would like to point out is that it does reflect the importance of our technology, our products, and our delivery capabilities. It also reflects our close relationships with our partners and, you know, commitment from both sides from our -- a good example of commitment from customers as well as from Micron. Beyond that, I'm not able to really provide any specifics here. And again, honoring the confidentiality.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Well, as we noted that leading-edge supply is already tight. And, you know, so that, you know, certainly impacts in our FQ2, some of the shipments. FQ2, of course, is also impacted by seasonality. And -- so supply is -- managing supply, given the tight environment of supply on the leading nodes, is really the main consideration in terms of us guiding you to this profile. And of course, as we manage, as we allocate that supply across the customers, we want to make sure that we are managing our shipments to our customers carefully.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I think, you know, AI is in very early innings. Gen AI is barely starting and these are great growth opportunities ahead. You know, this is, you know, biggest revolution since Internet and recently you have heard industry estimates of data center AI accelerator TAM CAGR of being about 70% over the course of next few years. Of course, as those opportunities grow with data center accelerators, you know, from various suppliers, of course, the whole infrastructure grows and it's about AI and Gen AI applications from training to inferencing and really proliferating all across, you know, the data center environment. And that's where -- and along with the growth in data center AI accelerators, the rest of the infrastructure, including HBM, will continue to grow. So we project that HBM CAGR will be over 50% over the course of next few years. And when you think about it, that is more than 3 times of the DRAM industry CAGR that we are talking about. And still, we are in the very, very early innings. 2023 is the first year of meaningful shipments of HBM in the industry and that too corresponds to low-single-digit percentage in terms of bits shipped in HBM this year, but much higher pricing, much higher revenue opportunity. So as we look ahead, we see HBM continuing to grow strongly in the industry. Its demand will grow. It will be a key enabler of Gen AI applications in training as well as inferencing because more and more data is required. As you look at more and more, larger and larger large language models, and more training on more data just drives more demand for high bandwidth, high performance, low power memory. So this is the very beginning. It has long ways to go. And the other important factor with HBM, as we have discussed is, that it really takes more than 2 times as many wafers to produce the same number of bits as D5. So it really has -- it is a headwind to the supply growth in the DRAM industry and it has the effect of helping strengthen the supply-demand balance of the industry as well. So I think these are, you know, some of the important aspects. Of course, when -- so important thing is that this has to be looked at as a long-term opportunity, long-term growth opportunity. And of course, you know, we are excited about getting our HBM share to align with our DRAM share some time in 2025. And of course, as we look at any large opportunity, you know, over time, it will certainly have some ebb and flow in terms of demand and supply and we will prudently manage this. And maintaining flexibility in managing this is absolutely key. And you have seen us manage this well over time in our overall industry for DRAM as well as for NAND on part of Micron, and we'll continue to manage it in that fashion. It is an exciting opportunity. We are well positioned with our product and we look forward to continuing to grow revenue and profit contribution with this product line over the course of next few years.
Sanjay Mehrotra: As we move through the fiscal year, of course, you know, leading-edge nodes being in tight supply. You know, leading-edge nodes are, you know, driver of demand in PCs and smartphones and data center applications and we have a strong portfolio that is well positioned with these nodes. And -- so -- I mean, basically, this is important for us to maintain the supply discipline and we -- industry is still not at the profitability levels for investments to be made and we'll manage our supply very, very prudently as we work ahead. And of course, we'll continue to focus on driving the pricing as well as driving the profitability of our business to bring in return on investments on our CapEx that is needed and do our best to manage and allocate the demand across our end markets and customers.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So thank you for acknowledging that. I mean, our team has done a great job with data center SSD product portfolio over the course of the years and now we have a strong set of product offerings for, you know, data center SSDs, NVMe SSDs and we now achieved record data center market share in SSDs for two consecutive quarters. And for the calendar Q3, our data center SSD share now is in line with our NAND share in the industry. And this is really the benefit, and you're seeing the full benefit, the full power of vertical integration playing out here where our team has worked together from device to design to firmware to system implementation to understanding of customer application, working closely with customers in qualifications and really across a wide range of customers over course of time, have really developed very robust industry-leading, strong product portfolio with greater opportunities ahead as well. So, this is the transformation that we began to drive in the company, going from selling components in the past to value-add solutions and really very pleased how data center SSD recognition is being provided to our team in terms of revenue opportunities by our customers and, you know, certainly reflected in the share gains that we have made in this market. And of course, another big factor that has been a key contributor to the success here is you may recall we transitioned some time ago from floating gate to replacement gate technology in NAND and that has definitely been a key factor. Strong, successful, timely execution on that has played an important role in our data center SSD strength. So we are very excited about Micron's market position in this market and our future opportunities here.
