Mark Durcan: Thank you, Ernie. To summarize, we faced challenging market conditions in fiscal 2016 and envision to going through a transition period of our technology migrations. Despite these headwinds, we ended the year with positive non-GAAP EPS. Compared to prior cycles, this represents a material improvement in our performance and further reinforces our belief in structural industry improvements. We are now experiencing a more positive and improving environment, and Micron is committed to making even further improvements in our relative performance with enhanced growth and cost reductions and expanded capability to deliver value added products to enable our customers. Okay, operator, we are now ready to begin Q&A.
Mark Durcan: This is Mark. Maybe I’ll take that one C.J. Certainly relative to the sell-through of inventory, there is an impact there, given some of the inventory we built up over the last couple of quarters relative to the qualifications we mentioned. Relative to market assumptions, we’re not going to get into the detail as always of the embedded margin because we don’t want to forecast the ASPs. But I think it’s fair to say that we’re seeing some early signs of significant price movements. And as we’ve done in the past, we want to wait before we get ahead of ourselves in projecting what may come as we move further out into the quarter but I do think that the trend is positive and the bias is positive.
Mark Durcan: Certainly if we think about inventory in the marketplace, certainly channel inventory I think is very, very tight, maybe one to two weeks or less than a week. At the major customers, we have less precision relative to that but I’d say, it’s certainly down and there is a sense of urgency at the large OEM customers as well. In some cases, we may be looking at allocation of certain products in certain markets. And certainly the customers are beginning to ask for longer-term price commitments, which is in my mind always a good thing. And we’ll look at those on a case-by-case basis and potentially take customers up on that where appropriate but obviously always keeping the long-term interest of shareholders in mind.
Mark Durcan: We’re always looking for ways to improve our relative competitive position. And we’ve used partnerships and strategic relationships extensively in the past. We’ll continue to evaluate that and again always with the long-term in mind. We are -- there is an embedded assumption in there. There are lots of opportunities out there today. And I think I would not try to dissuade you of that view of life. I would just caution you that we are going to be pretty careful and deliberate about making sure we take a long-term view relative to the relationships and the partnerships we engage in and we are doing something that really drives a long-term strategic benefit for the Company as opposed to a short-term fix, more supply in the marketplace.
Mark Durcan: Yes. I think it will reaccelerate relatively quickly. It has been a little bit more of a lumpy business here over the last year or so, but we like the trends there.
Mark Durcan: Yes. To be honest, we feel pretty good about where we sit, given the trends in the marketplace as well. And we don’t feel quite as much urgency as we might under different market conditions.
Mark Durcan: A lot of moving pieces, Harlan; I think just to get to the crux of your question, yes, you should anticipate cost per bit start coming down nicely with the 3D ramp as we start flushing those wafers through the backend and out in the marketplace. Costs are coming down nicely this quarter and we continue roadmap ahead for that as we move through the year.
Mark Durcan: So, we have -- we actually have wafers in manufacturing fabs in both Hiroshima and Taiwan that are yielding. The output today is insignificant. We’ll continue to run engineering pilot line lots. And by the time we get to the middle of next year, you should see the significant terms of our overall output. I think probably got to wait another quarter before we give you little bit more precision on what the -- when the bit crossover might be.
Mark Durcan: Let me just add to that on the seasonality question. Q4 obviously typically is a very strong quarter for NAND. Hard to know for sure but our sense is that the demand picture probably has more staying power than just the typical seasonality that you see, given the strong growth in the end applications.
Mark Durcan: It’s a very quickly moving dynamic right now. So, yes, we’re seeing that happen sort of real time as we sell through the early production and move more and more of the products into the TLC format.
Mark Durcan: I think, John, actually it’s really a little bit more about the lag that you typically see as pricing starts to turnaround as some of these things. Yes, there is an inventory effect relative to some of these products that we’ve built up in inventory that we’re early product on either 20-nanometer or 3D NAND etcetera as we sell through that’s a little bit of a headwind until that’s flushed out. But it’s really more around as ASPs turn around, they will turn around instantaneously and they didn’t turn around until end of the quarter last quarter. So remember, we had a pretty significant feed relative to the midpoint of our guidance last quarter, which gives you an indication that pricing was starting to accelerate then. It takes little while to play out and to start to [ph] do as we see these things happen. So, the trends are all in place. I think we are heading where you think where we ought to be. But it can take a little while to play out through the financials.
Mark Durcan: Yes. There is a lot of components to it. I think you put your finger on a piece of it which is the volatility in this business I think we can conclude is going to be less going forward. This certainly seems to have been born out as we move through this last cycle. It doesn’t mean that cycles are gone, it just means that the volatility is less. So that is less of a defensive driver, so to speak. An important thing for us in this whole picture is operational flexibility and control. As we think about our ability to drive new technologies, either in the manufacturing or to transition technologies with the Inotera assets, how the ownership of that asset and the ability to mix and match different technologies as well as potentially more value add products and capture that value is significant. Notwithstanding the fact we have a good operating relationship with Inotera, we believe that there is more value we can bring as sole owners than as board members and operational partners. And at the end of the day, it gives us the ability as well to take cash flow that’s going to be generated with Inotera and to put it across our network where we find that most useful. So number of different factors play into it, all of which I think point in direction that we are moving.
Ernie Maddock: Romit, sure. This is Ernie. So, I think it’s important to acknowledge that although we beat our EPS guidance, we actually were well in the ranges of both our revenue and our gross margin guidance. And so, we did think about the opportunity that was ahead of ourselves as we were giving the guidance for the last quarter and we’ve done the same thing in essence this quarter as well. So, I think you can look at the range of our guidance and it generally contemplates the outcomes that we see. And obviously if things continue on a strong and favorable momentum, it’s reasonable to think that you’d end up at the upper end of both pieces of the range which would generate a result similar to this quarter. And I think consistent with Mark’s prior comments, we are continuing to see positive momentum. I do think it’s important to understand that that momentum has existed and has started to strengthen and so as a result of its actual impact in our fiscal quarter with part of it already completed and we’re in negotiations for others, I think the trap we want to avoid is presuming that whatever the latest pricing news is gets retroactively applied across the entire quarter because that’s certainly not the environment that we’re living in. But I do think we were pretty thoughtful about the revenue range. And obviously we’re going to work hard and try to do as well as we can but we’ve put a lot of thought behind the numbers we have just shared with you.
Ernie Maddock: So, as we had in our prepared remarks, we do expect the transaction to close at this point, sometime in the middle of December. We did contemplate that timing in our guidance, so it doesn’t really have a dramatic impact on our FQ1 guide at all. And certainly, the transaction will continue to be accretive to gross margins and continues to be accretive to free cash flow. And essentially the EPS accretion is really dependant on how we choose to finance that last billion dollar component which we don’t have to make a decision on until about 30 days or so prior to closing. So, as we said before, we have the option of using equity or convert or cash or a combination of those. And so the specific EPS accretion will really be dependent upon what we finally decide for those things.
Ernie Maddock: What we said, Mark, was that we’ve given these two-year CAGRs and we were slightly below for both NAND and DRAM in fiscal ‘16. So, it’s reasonable to think that would be slightly above the range that we provided in fiscal ‘17, so that we over the two-year CAGR fulfill the commitment that we made around those bit growth CAGRs. So yes that’s a reasonable thing to assume.
Ernie Maddock: So, let me sort of try to frame that for you a little bit. We had a couple of things that are impacting this quarter’s OpEx. The first was that about 25 million, give or take, are pre-qual expenses that we’ve planned to spend in FQ4 are appearing in FQ1. And then secondly, we have -- we had even prior to this rollover, the highest point of pre-qual expenses for the entire fiscal year was actually occurring in Q1, plus we have the resumption of variable compensation given the new pricing environment. And so what we’ve tried to frame for folks is sequentially between the variable comp being reinstated, as well as the pre-qual expenses, that’s a sequential increase of about $80 million from FQ4 to FQ1, so that predominately explains the change to the OpEx. And then certainly we’re hopeful that the variable compensation piece continues, because we’re hopeful that the business environment is favorable. And we would expect pre-qual expenses to moderate such that we should be in that range of 600 plus or minus, so probably midpoint around 600, a few quarters, maybe couple of quarters higher, couple of quarters a little bit lower under the new framework for reporting OpEx. So, those numbers would still exclude stock-based comp, but you would expect to see a pretty meaningful moderation of OpEx as we go forward throughout the year as a result of this pre-qual situation being resolved from the rollover.
Ernie Maddock: I think part of the explanation of Q4 bit growth being slightly below, I think what we previously talked about was in fact that as we watched the market evolve we made some choices around where we’d like that output to be. And the result is that our Q1 -- fiscal Q1 bit output is now going to be higher than what we had expected it to be. So, obviously that did play into our thinking as we saw market evolve. Relative to specific shortages, I’m not aware of any. I don’t know Mark if you are. But certainly, all of our customers are being very attentive to making sure that their supply needs are taking care of. And we are seeing certain segments and certain customers where the possibility of allocation is present.
Ernie Maddock: I think you have a couple of things. First, as we’ve talked about in the last quarter or so, as we’re ramping on the new technologies and predominantly because of these delayed mobile calls, we had some inventory built up that is now flowing through. However, we absolutely still continue to get more-and-more output from the factory and it’s going to be a couple of quarters before that inventory actually starts to decline, but we have a very clear view of an ability to decrease inventory meaningfully over the course of fiscal ‘17. I’d also remind you that we are also building supply chains for SSDs and MCPs which take longer in terms of their aggregate end-to-end cycle time than selling components. So, we have that effect as well. That will cap out here in the next quarter or so and then you’ll see normalization and a flow through of that as well. So, we’re not -- we’re cognizant of the inventory position, we’d like to think that we anticipated that and share that with you. And we’re equally confident that the inventory will decline nearly every quarter in fiscal ‘17.
Ernie Maddock: On average, the Inotera transaction is going to add somewhere between $300 million and $600 million of cash flow on a free cash flow basis, but I’d really trust that that’s an average amount which would be sort of the free cash flow net of the incremental depreciation -- I’m sorry, the incremental CapEx. But I think that the best way I could -- the guys are thinking there is that we’ve prepared pretty conservative plan and we have a free cash flow neutral position in the context of that conservative plan. Obviously Q4 is a little bit stronger; it’s fair to say that Q1 was a little bit stronger as we look at it now versus our conservative plan. And so, we would expect to be able to accumulate cash over the course of 2017 if in fact this current market environment continues. Anytime we use words like significant, it gets hard to determine what’s significant to you or significant to me, but trust me every dollar is significant to us. And so, we’re being very careful and monitoring that very carefully.
Ernie Maddock: Yes. And we’ve provided a cost per bit reduction forecast for the year to you. And I everything Mark said is absolutely true and counterbalancing that just a bit is this supply chain build up that I talked about because as MCPs and those SSDs have a higher COGS component, theoretically, they’re also generating more margin but if we’re only looking at the cost perspective, that will have a tendency to dampen the cost for bit reduction because the mix has changed.
Ernie Maddock: So, let me address the question about the storage business. We are certainly hopeful that we can exit the year at least with a profitable note for the storage business. I think it’s dependent on a few things. Obviously we’re in the middle of a very significant portfolio sort of change out and we have to execute on those. So, far our record has been good with respect to the client and consumer segments, but we have some big product launches with respect to both data center and enterprise coming up here toward the end of this calendar year and in early calendar ‘17. And those would be really pivotal to us in completing that transition. I think that again track record has been great, the SSDs have been well-reviewed and we’re very optimistic that our subsequent product launches will be equally successful. I also think it’s important to keep in mind that we also are seeing the benefit of 3D in the memory -- I’m sorry, in the mobile business unit as well. We saw that -- we had the mobile percentage of our NAND business this quarter move from the low teen essentially to the high teens as a result of more and more calls [ph] there and the increasing importance of the MCP portfolio. So, we are seeing the benefit of that really across multiple business units.
Ernie Maddock: I’ll take that. So, obviously as has been the case, the sort of specialty markets, the embedded markets whether it’s automotive, industrial, medical probably top of the list within the computing and networking segment, graphics has been quite strong, server probably next and then followed up with mobile and client.
Ernie Maddock: And certainly more of that opportunity is ahead of us than it is behind us given that we’re just going to hit bit crossover for 3D in this quarter. And as Mark said, we’re continuing to transition, which adds cost because it suppresses output. But with more significant bit growth ahead, we expect the cost reduction opportunity to accelerate a little bit here throughout fiscal 2017.
Ernie Maddock: So, when we provided that CapEx guidance of essentially midpoint of 5 billion net of partner contributions, we did say it included contemplated investments from Inotera. So, that’s an all-in number. And as you know, we don’t break out specific CapEx by fab. So, we don’t plan to start doing that now. But that 5 billion midpoint with a little range around that is inclusive of anticipated investments at Inotera.
Ernie Maddock: No. The first out 3D was MLC but we very quickly introduced TLC. And as we said in our prepared remarks, most of our client consumer SSDs are now out on TLC and we’re qualifying the TLC into some mobile applications as well and we will be majority TLC by the middle of fiscal ‘17 here as we go forward. So that’s part of the engine of the significant bit growth that we’ve contemplated and forecast.
Ernie Maddock: So, the depreciation life of the NAND equipment is about five years. And really, we conducted quite an extensive study around how long the technology transitions existed or took in the DRAM world, how long they were contemplated to take on a going forward basis, we looked at the practices of others, both competitors and partners. But really the substance of the decision was related to what we anticipate and what we’ve been saying for some time is a sort of slowing of the technology transitions and therefore the longer useability of that equipment as the technology transition times change. And the reality is there is a range of answers you come up with when you do a study like that. And much like the midpoint of guided range in seven years felt to us like it was not overly aggressive, but not overly conservative either. So, you could assume that we could have gone a year or two on either side of that and we chose a position that we thought was reasonable given what we know and understand about the pace of technology transition.
Ernie Maddock: Certainly, first thing we’re going to be focused on is actually accumulating the cash. So, that’s my first priority because I have to have some of it to be able to decide what to do with it. And certainly at that point in time, we would certainly look at the opportunities that were available to delver and we would look at those in the context of everything else that’s going around. And it’s really impossible to say specifically what we would decide to do in the context of a future that’s not yet here. But I can tell you that delevering is an important priority. And depending on how much cash we generate, we may choose to deploy a 100 million of that or so back into CapEx, if that’s the right decision, but delevering is certainly nearest and dearest to our hearts at the moment.
