Steven Appleton: Let me first talk about Japan for a second. Mark Adams is here, so I might as well let him answer the question about the demand signals. We haven't contemplated, in thinking about Japan, whether that helps us or hurts us, because obviously, a competitor or two of ours, no doubt, has some supply issues related to that because they're in the area where it was impacted. And then, of course, you already know the counter to that, which is if customers can't get some components and they'd obviously be challenged in meeting other components. So that's hard for us to know. I remember -- I don't know if you remember, but probably not, the Sumitomo Chemical plant explosion, the mold compound which was, I don't know, 90% supplied out of that part of the world. It's probably worth noting, I think, that what we saw in that case and probably what we'll see in this case is that, most of the supply chain, most manufacturing operations had the ability to have an accordion effect. So in other words, we can run at near full capacity but run a lot lower cycle time, and so you can expand and contract the production to try to deal with shortages that come through at various times, so I think you'll probably see that through most of the manufacturing world. We'll know where they will expand and contract, and they'll run faster cycle times, stronger cycle times, where they're replenishing or trying to squeeze more products in the line. For the most part, I think if the effects are relatively short-term, in other words, a couple of months, a few months, then you probably won't see a whole lot of anything in terms of what happened in the manufacturing operations around the world. And if it affects them longer term, we clearly are going to have some impact. And those kinds of things we just don't know, and our information is only as good as probably yours on how that might impact our customers. Let me ask Adams to comment on the general demand signals and the rest of it.
Steven Appleton: Well, let me first comment that precision in this environment is just unachievable, number one. Number two, what I was referencing was that -- well, actually, you made a comment that probably would be good to add some additional input on. Number one, most of the companies, us and others, carry a couple of months of inventory for most of our processes and products and so forth. So we all still have that. So I think the reference point that for a couple of months, it's unlikely most companies see much impact is probably true, at least in the semi industry, I can't speak for other industries, at least in ours. But secondly, even when you get shortages at some point in time of supplies, you are able to dial your manufacturing operations to actually just run faster cycle times, because the way most of the fabs operate, at least in the memory world, is they're full capacity because there was maximum utilization of the capital. And the way that we achieve that is we make sure that every piece of equipment has material waiting for it to run. And what happens when you're starting a wafer fab, by the way, as we're experiencing IMFS, when you start up a wafer fab and it doesn't have that much material in line, or when you run into a situation where you maybe you have some kind of shortage on something that you were expecting to get that you actually did speed the cycle times up in those fabs. And so the output isn't quite optimized, but it's not like you take the same percentage hit as the shortage of the material, and that can last for some period of time. And then it's only after that, that you then have to start dealing with two choices. And of course, we have no idea whether that's going to hit us [ph] or not.
Steven Appleton: As gross margin presumes an average selling price, so I need to just address it on the cost side. We use a moving average cost system, if you will, so we'll be -- and we're already beginning to ramp costs. So we'll be moving it into our inventory at an average cost trended over time, if you will, and that will be in our inventory cost structure. We do not tend to inventory the full cost when you have a significantly higher ramp cost. We inventory it at a somewhat lower level. So as that goes out, it will depend upon the average selling price, but we would expect it to have a typical relationship to our normal flow of business.
Steven Appleton: Well, I think for us, again, this is all kind of on a proportion basis, the server and networking markets showed significant strength over the end of our Q2 and have continued to show strength going into Q3. So we're continuing to be very bullish on those markets. And as I mentioned earlier, despite the fact that the PC numbers are down off of maybe last year's 2011 projection, the density per box is making up for that loss, and we see PC business is still fairly robust for us as well.
Steven Appleton: Not much impact from our Japanese production facilities, and we'd be back to that guidance that Mark set at the Analyst Meeting, which is kind of low-double digits in over the next three to four quarters.
Steven Appleton: Danny, we're going to stay away from any guidance at the BU level. Now if you'd like Mark Adams to talk a little bit about the wireless segment in general, we're happy to do that. We're going to stay away from any projections and guidance on the BU level.
Steven Appleton: That's things that aren't of significant enough size to warrant a segment treatment by the normal tests, but it does include Aptina imaging, display, solar activities, that sort of thing.
Steven Appleton: Well, that's a tough one to gauge, because, clearly, there's going to be some impact on supply of memory. I mean, I think if you look at where some of the large fabs are, despite the fact that some of them didn't go down hard, those of us in the memory business know that all you have to do is have a couple of hours of a problem and it takes you several weeks to recover. So there's going to be an impact on the supply side. And to the extent that there's something that happens that impacts it on the demand side, which I noted in my opening comments, that's just impossible for us to predict. We just don't know how that sorts out and the pluses and minuses on it. And actually, I don't think it's, as I mentioned earlier, probably not a phenomenon in the next 30, 60 days. It's something after that, if in fact there even is an effect.
Steven Appleton: Yes. Even the supply that we have from one of the larger Japanese guys actually comes from the U.S. player.
Steven Appleton: You're breaking up a little bit. We're not going to give you the exact number of outs today, but suffice it to say, we're about two months ahead of what we thought the RAM schedule would be. And if you'd like to repeat the second half of that, we'll cover it.
Steven Appleton: I think one underlying piece of the SSD solution was the underlying controller development that had to go on over the last couple of years to get that market going. So we talk a lot about price per gigabyte and the value proposition to the consumer. And in fact, the notebook segment is still driving that growth, by and large, although enterprise is starting to play off pretty nicely, as I said, because of the technology development around intelligent controllers and firmware development around making these things more reliable from an enterprise requirement standpoint. So the markets are pretty strong. The OEM segments are good. And we also suggest that the aftermarket, integrator environment [ph] market, has proved to be very successful for us so far through the Lexar and Crucial channels. So I guess the combination of some OEM desktop pre-configured machines as well as some aftermarkets that have combined for some pretty impressive growth, at least from what we see internally as well as the upside forecast for the back half of the year. I think enterprise is now becoming more real in terms of the opportunity for us as an industry to put the devices in the back end of the major companies that have the reliability and performance benefits that we've counted all along.
Steven Appleton: Yes. I think we're very optimistic about the market potential that we've seen so far, both in the OEM segment and the channels. So yes, we don't see any reason that would stop. Actually, again, I think the reason we're bullish in the enterprise, I think the enterprise game is just starting, because the technology around the flash itself, which Micron invested in over the last of couple of years, is mature enough to bring to the enterprise.
Steven Appleton: I think how we look at the demand market is that you've really got three pretty significant application drivers lining up at once, and that's why I think in general the market has been bullish on NAND going into 2011. We haven't changed our position because, in fact, when you break it down, the Smart phone market is still driving significant NAND demand. The SSD market is really playing out pretty nicely this year, and we feel bullish, as to my earlier comments. And then the tablet market, really, has been a very pleasant surprise from a NAND perspective year-over-year when you think about where it was just 12 months ago. So when you line that up, given the NAND supply picture for 2011, we're still bullish on NAND in general. I think you asked about the last part, if I understood correctly, was with regards to if tablets don't manifest themselves to be as strong as they look right now. Of course, that potentially could impact demand. But we think NAND in a pretty good place, it would have to be pretty dramatic. And remember, of the three categories, the tablets would be the lower of the consuming categories.
Steven Appleton: Well, in some ways, I think there are similarities, but they actually, I think, have less exposure to Japan than we do, just because traditionally, we've had good relationships with Japanese companies over several decades. And they, as I said, they actually have less reliance upon Japanese suppliers than Micron does.
Steven Appleton: Manish, we're not going to give out any specifics. We certainly don't want to give our strategy out to competitors, who are certainly most listening to the call. So if you like to answer or ask a different question, feel free.
Steven Appleton: Well, I think a couple of things to point out. One is that mobile DRAM, in terms of the consumption of it, has obviously predominantly been and is occurring in terms of densities in the Smart phone arena. And if you look at what's happened historically, it hasn't been that long ago since they started converting to a NAND-DRAM combination going in the MCP, which has been addressing the higher-density needs in the wireless space itself. Previous to that, it would be the relatively low density. And by the way, we are one of the largest pseudo-static RAM suppliers in the world, which is really just DRAM with a static RAM interface. We were one of the largest suppliers in the world and have been for a long time, and almost all that product was going to the Wireless space. So I guess I would characterize it a little bit differently than you did. I think what you're specifically referencing is what they characterize as kind of the low power, high-density DRAM stuff. It hasn't been in the Wireless space in large amounts for all that long a time.
Steven Appleton: Actually, we were able to basically break even in 1990, 1991 in a mild downturn that occurred then. That's the last time that it happened, and even then, we weren't really profitable at the time of this breaking even, but we stayed positive and that's the first time it's happened. I think the other thing that's I guess worth noting is that, clearly, we just came out -- we think when volume is in downturn and we we're able to maintain -- I guess this is our sixth quarter of real profitability, and we think it improves from here throughout the year.
Steven Appleton: A couple of things. One, remember that, along the lines of what Mark said and we said earlier, is that we don't need rising pricing in order to build margin in. We're going to continue to drive the other cost per quarter, so even flat pricing, our margin will expand from where it's at. Secondly, I don't think there's any question that, as Mark Adams already noted, that the PC space in terms of the margin, as you already noted and highlighted the drag on us in our margin, and we actually think we're in an improving environment in that space too. So that combined with -- I think we would also acknowledge that we haven't fully optimized the DRAM operations around the world yet, and there's still some progress we made there. I guess the way I'd characterize it is there's some runway left there in addition to our normal cost reduction. So when you add all those up, I guess I think that's how you ought to think about in terms of modeling us going forward.
Steven Appleton: Yes, I think you're spot on. I think we think of the two, the enterprise refresh is definitely driving that net growth and the overall market condition.
Steven Appleton: I think the question around SLC for us is, in those certain high-performing markets that really warrant both the opportunity cost of making the product around the performance we're being asked to hit in terms of specifications from our customers. So markets like high-end enterprise SSD performance will be looking at how SSD -- I mean, sorry, SLC plays in that architecture potentially in a combination with a an SLC, MLC architecture, those types of things we're evaluating from a technology standpoint. So it's really basically the opportunity cost to manufacture it versus what we can garner in the market to justify that production to us.
Steven Appleton: Yes. We see other players looking at it, because, again, when you look at the enterprise storage market, this is not a glorified USB. This is something that's very sophisticated, much different than the pure NAND players understand. And so why we haven't been so big on the 3-bit-per-cell campaign up until today is because performance, reliability and endurance around the enterprise sector is going to make a winner from a solutions standpoint, and we're very focused on not just the NAND, as I said earlier, but all the technology that goes around in making a world-class product, and that's going to be more in the SLC type architecture or high-performing controllers or the combination thereof.
Steven Appleton: Absolutely, especially in enterprise. If you look -- Alex, if you can -- and you probably know this better than I do, but if you look at the projections for SSDs in general, while the revenue is very heavily weighted towards the desktop client segment, the overall projected margin profitability by analysts suggests that the enterprise margins can be dramatically higher, and almost we could get to a 50% of the overall category margin.
Steven Appleton: Well, I think, yes, I think, as I was suggesting earlier, the challenge for NAND manufacturers in general is, how do you keep the endurance and the performance at an acceptable level for the application where the parts are going? Historically, TLC has been pretty low-end performance, cycling well below 2-bit per cell. And so what has to occur in the industry, and then again I mentioned again that Micron has invested pretty heavily around controller and firmware development to enable this, is that, that has to become more of an intelligent controller for things like error correction that allows us to gain the performance levels needed for things like SSD and things like Smart phones and the mobile wireless market in general. So we believe that our road map will continue to evolve, utilizing TLC as we've grown in this area, but we only believe that we're getting there today, we didn't think we missed a big market opportunity in the past.
Mark Adams: My comments will be obviously pre-Japan, just as Steve addressed Japan. We saw -- coming out of Christmas, which, again, normally is our weakest demand quarter, we saw pretty stable demand throughout the quarter, and in fact, post-Chinese New Year's, we saw a kind of an up-tick across a number of our key volume segments. The PC business in general was better than expected, and we're also seeing density inside the box getting increased back to even above where we were back in the de-specking phase of 2010, in the spring and summer of that. Our density per unit is back up, and so demand in PC commodity space is pretty strong for us. The server market as well from Micron when very healthy as a matter of fact as a percentage of overall specialty bits against commodity, it was up significantly for this quarter for Micron, so pretty strong demand there. And I would also point out that though server growth overall is not -- it's in the 6% to 7% range year-over-year in terms of unit growth, but density per server is dramatically up, it's around 50% to 60% per box. So there's some good growth there and good demand from our customers in that area. Obviously, the Numonyx acquisition has opened additional customer opportunities around the wireless segment for us and they are certainly manifesting themselves both across newer applications and then DRAM, MCP Solutions with NOR and NAND Solutions. So I see a pretty good demand to the quarter which enabled us to perform pretty well at the top line.
Mark Adams: From a demand standpoint, I think, what we're seeing quarter-over-quarter is in the mid-teens, more or less. We see no reason, per Steve's earlier comments, that there will be a lot of variability around that number in general. And then the NAND market continues to look pretty strong around the, obviously, the Smart phone market to tablet segment as well SSDs.
Mark Adams: Kate, this is Mark Adams. I think that that's unlikely. We're not talking about the dramatic uptick in price that we saw back in 2009 going to 2010. Remember something, as our cost in DRAM goes down, even as we think pricing will be more favorable in DRAM over the next coming quarters, we don't think the impact in the building materials anywhere as significant as it was back when it was $2.50 per gigabit, a deal we had. And so we don't anticipate any downward trend in density per unit going throughout the rest of our fiscal year.
Mark Adams: Well, no, we're still targeting that. Actually, even if we decide to go beyond that, it's unlikely we could have it happen before the end of the year because just ordering cycle time of the equipment. So that's a good target to use for now, and as we've noted before, we're just going to watch the markets as we go through time, but we're trying to get to that 60,000 as the first benchmark.
Mark Adams: I might just add a couple of things I mentioned in my comments, and that is that we are still flowing through higher cost purchase accounting inventory, which is significantly hitting WSG. I mentioned that's significantly through as of this quarter end. And now it's going to tend to be a longer trend line and not have as big an effect on our financials. So there was an impact in both WS and ESG businesses in terms of the purchase accounting effects. I also mentioned that there's Hynix material volume that is being purchased at market price, and we're in the process of transitioning over some of that NAND volume. And as that happens in the coming quarters, it will improve the margin, everything else being equal. So those are two things to keep in mind that are currently impacting that will change here in the next coming quarters.
Mark Adams: This is Mark again. Steve, in prior calls, has mentioned that the NAND business looks like the DRAM business from early generations of the DRAM and the market behavior. And in fact, I think we're seeing that. I think if you look at what I would call generation one of NAND, that was primarily photography USB with a little MP3. And now when you think about it, NAND is the effective storage platform for Smart phones, for tablets and moving into notebooks and even enterprise storage. So the maturity of NAND and the role it's playing in storage will allow us to treat that in terms of more specialty value-add that Micron can bring in addition to the silicon itself. And so I think that's been a good thing. You can see we feel pretty confident that our mix will continue to improve over time. We've talked a little bit about why we've stayed so focused on 2-bit technology in addition to our leadership position around the 25-nanometer offering and why we stayed with 2-bit because of performance and all the specifications we're trying to drive with our customer applications. We continue to believe that regardless of how we transition, and we are transitioning into 3-bit, the value-add is around the NAND, not just the NAND itself. So that will continue for Micron. On the DRAM side of the business, it's really, one, around the opportunity we've cultivated in the past, very strong server share, very strong networking share, and those are two businesses that continue to grow nicely for us from a density per unit, and really just overall units out the door. So we're positioned well in those segments, and I would continue to think those are options for us to grow.
Mark Adams: We buy a little bit of outside DRAM that goes in the mobile applications, but that's -- we're transitioning out of that, as I mentioned, along with the NAND over the next several quarters. There's not a lot.
Ronald Foster: Yes, I'll give you a rough ordering, specialty DRAM tends to be the head of our list. Trade NAND is doing quite well for us and probably next in rank. NOR clearly and the vast majority of our NOR products, and then core DRAM in sort of that rank order. Just to elaborate a little bit, though, on your line of questioning, we are seeing market opportunities, as Mark mentioned in his comments, to shift to higher-margin products in the specialty end of things, both on the DRAM side and on our NAND product side in the third quarter, and we're opportunistically shifting some of our mix, which is affecting our bit growth and cost-per-bit computations that we typically give you, but I just wanted to make sure you understood that we're doing this strategically to help improve margin. And it's the right thing, given the balance of mix we need for our customers.
Ronald Foster: Sure, there's a couple of pieces this quarter. There's true idle costs, which were about $36 million in the quarter for the company. The vast majority of that was IMFS. And then there's another $15 million which we characterize as pre-production startup costs, and that's resulting from the fact that we're now actually starting wafers, as Steve mentioned, and beginning to move up the production curve. So both those pieces are expensed directly to cost of sales, and so you can compare to the prior quarter's idle costs that were about $59 million. But bear in mind that those $15 million of costs relate to the variable materials, et cetera, that are used to start our production ramp in IMFS. So what's going to happen here beginning in the third quarter is as we qualify production, which we expect to do, as I mentioned, in the third quarter or beginning of the third quarter, we will start inventorying some of those costs, and they will go into our inventory on our balance sheet, and they will move out when we ship the qualified products. So we will not be directly expensing all of the costs as we begin to qualify product, which I would view as beginning to happen in the third quarter and then significantly in our fiscal fourth quarter.
Ronald Foster: Yes, Shawn, we're looking at down high single-digits on DRAM and down low to mid-single-digits on NAND.
Ronald Foster: Kate, this is Ron. It depends upon the timing of capital injections, which happens every several months, and there's an approximately 12-month lag effect per the agreement in terms of the share changing. So here this summer, we'll have the effect of the first capital calls where our partner didn't fully participate, and it will sequence from there. But right now, we're at about 78% ownership and our output share is about 53%, and that will ratchet up in significant steps here starting in the summer.
Ronald Foster: Again, John, we're looking at qualifying the Inotera output sometime in the second half of the year. In terms of a breakout of sales, we're running around 25% to 30% of our bits in PC, around 25%, maybe even a little bit lower last quarter. It should ramp up a little bit this quarter, but in that mid-20%. Server, we generally run about twice our market share. So if we're running 15% to 18% worldwide market share, we're generally running in the 30%s in terms of server market share worldwide. And networking, we'll do about the same thing. We're also outrun our market share in those markets also.
Ronald Foster: We have pretty minimal exposure to wafer supplies specifically out of Japan. We carry about five different suppliers. Different competitors we have do have a much larger, as Steve mentioned in his opening comments, exposure to Japanese facilities.
Ronald Foster: Yes, because they're trying to match that up traditionally with what the Numonyx business was. I actually don't know right offhand myself.
Ronald Foster: I'll tell you where we are today, but we probably won't give you the exit because we will continue to optimize for the market. We run about 95% MLC today, about 5% SLC.
Ronald Foster: Yes. This is Ron. The trade NAND ASPs are, in fact, the movement of our markets in the NAND marketplace. And the total includes our at-cost shipments to Intel, which are moving with our cost-down movements relative to the products that we ship to them. So when you look at the total, you've got the combination of those two movements going on. That's why we're also focused going forward on giving you a trade NAND view of what's happening with our trade market and also the cost per bit related to our trade NAND production, because there's a significant change and a difference in terms of our mix of products versus Intel, for example. We mentioned that we have significant SLC mix we're shipping to in the third quarter. We've got MCP volumes, which also report in our NAND sales volumes. And so all that factors into the trade ASP numbers we're giving you for Micron, and the average is the mix of those two. It's the cost on Intel shipments and the trade pricing on Micron shipments.
Ronald Foster: Yes, well, obviously, we're in transition to 4x now which is running in production. I think we would expect probably a majority of that to cross over towards the end of this year, sometime second half of the year would be the majority. And then we also happened to be currently running the 3x. But there is -- associated with that with qualification and getting it throughout our wafer fab network, and certainly that wouldn't occur in terms of large volumes probably until we get into the next year.
