Ronald C. Foster: I think we're going to defer from answering that kind of a question that gets too close to gross margins, and I don't know any DRAM company that gives those out.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, as we look sort of quarter-to-quarter, I think you can expect DRAM bit growth will be averaging, yes, mid to high teens in the short term and then down from there later in the year.
Ronald C. Foster: I think that the simplest way to characterize it is, we had a lot of equipment that we had to finish paying for in IMFS. And that kind of carries through our Q1 and our Q2. It gotten -- some of it got pushed out from Q1 to Q2. So Q2 is going to be a little bit higher than maybe we thought it would be, because Q1 is a little bit lower, but in Q3 and Q4 is about the same. I mean, basically, if you think about it, we just say we did $750 million. I don't know what the number is exactly for Q2, but it's probably going to be somewhere in the $500 million range and then you can split the $800 million between the last 2 quarters.
Ronald C. Foster: Today, if you look at our specialty business defined as servers, networking and storage, that number is roughly 30% of those DRAM bits are going into those segments. And to your point, I think the growth there, we have continued upside for us going forward.
Ronald C. Foster: This is Ron. That line is for situations where we make equity investments that's noncontrolling investments. In other companies, the largest part of the equity loss there is related to Inotera, about $74 million in the quarter. And there are other equity investments that also had some net loss effective and majority of that total was Inotera. We do actually report that on a 2-month lag basis based upon their financial reports. So as you track their financial reports, we own about 30% of Inotera. And that 30% of our net loss flows through our statements for the 2-month lag.
Ronald C. Foster: Yes, sure. The contract pricing is above the spot market today and has been for the past few months. I think consistent with Steve just referenced in terms of the health of the industry. I think OEMs have to be a little careful on how hard they push given the supply from some of the more challenged competitors ability to consistently supply in the future. So I think contracts will stay that way as best as we can see in the short term. Having said that, the spot market pricing within the last couple of weeks had a mild uptick. And when I say mild, I mean, in a given week, it was up from a low down step about 15% and then settle down a little bit. But it's still above where we were at the end of the quarter. And so we think the OEM contract pricing will stay above that and again, the spot market has bounced little bit incrementally higher, but not to a place where we need to get to.
Ronald C. Foster: Sure, Shawn. In Q1, DRAM was up in the 20% plus range on production and trade NAND was up high single-digits.
Ronald C. Foster: We have you pretty close and injured relationship with Nanya that involves joint development. And obviously, there are things that both partners are allowed to do and not allowed to do relative to where they take that technology. So that would be clearly an impediment to them partnering with somebody else in DRAM area.
Ronald C. Foster: Sure. On the DRAM side, I think there are some correction and healthy correction that's going on in the channel. I think what Steve alluded to earlier around the hard drive situation out of Thailand, I think most of the channel and the OEMs are pretty aggressive in tracking inventories for their year end. So we still think there's some DRAM in the channel, but not too much. I think it's in a healthy place. On the NAND side, I think NAND, if anything, is below a healthy level. And I think that's driven by a lot of the reaction around the need for SSDs. Our inventories and our channel partner inventories are pretty light there. So I would say that DRAM still has some room to be managed downward into a 3- to 4-week. I think it's probably more in the 4- to 5-week area today. But I think, overall, I don't think it's out of hand. I think it's well under control. I think people manage around the Thailand issue and I think there to a pretty good place.
Ronald C. Foster: No. The money going in is really just to make sure that Inotera has the wherewithal to execute on the 30-nanometer DRAM ramp we talked about. And we think that this money allows them to move forward with order and the tools they need to begin with that ramp. And our financing that was referenced that will go on in the spring is what will be necessary in order to put that entity financial putting to move through the rest of the fiscal year.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, really, our CapEx plan, as we commented on, is pretty much set for fiscal 2012. That has us plateau-ing for NAND at this roughly 65,000 wafer per month level at IMFS. And anything we did incrementally in the short term would be in terms of our own existing operations as opposed to incremental wafers in the short term. When we get near the end of 2012, that'll be a good time to look at what the right next step, obviously, on an IMFS operation.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, it's probably, I don't think the industry has much of a different approach from us. We had these incremental capacity announced that we put on the roadmap. And most seem be kind of stopping where they're at and see how the market looks when I go beyond it.
Ronald C. Foster: I think we're going to let Inotera speak for Inotera and that's for the total volume for the 2 partners. Micron doesn't have any plans to cut any output relative to share currently.
Ronald C. Foster: Yes, so anytime we introduce a new technology, there's new capital investment and there's lower utilization as you ramp production. So initial cost tend to be a little higher on the new technology node on the wafer -- at the wafer level and then those come down in the line overtime as equipment gets fully utilized. There's nothing significant about the high-k/metal gate as a new technology node that puts it completely out of proportion for what you would typically see moving from one technology node to another to the other neither NAND -- not an abnormal increment relatively for cost incurred that way.  So then the second piece of the question is, well, what about performance. Performance in NAND is a tricky thing, as these flowing gates keep scaling down more and more. We're obviously challenged to make sure that we have both good retention as well as good cycling characteristics. And what you've seen is that those Windows have narrowed as technology nodes have continued to shrink. And what the trick is to use advanced technology and new materials to try and continue to slow the rate of decrease in performance as you continue to scale devices and be able to build higher density and deliver better value for the dollar. So yes, we think this is the right answer. That's why we're doing it. Do we see any long-term issues associated with the reliability of the device? Absolutely not. We think that this is the right way to scale from 25 nanometers to 20 nanometers. And we probably got few tricks up our sleeves to move on beyond that.
Ronald C. Foster: So SLC is mid-teens, and it'll probably stay in that range here, as we move through the rest of the year.
Ronald C. Foster: Today, it's primarily a client with a little adoption on the enterprise side. I think that most analysts are forecasting that while the dollars will be relatively close, the units will be somewhere in the 80% range for client and 20% enterprise. And again, the dollar forecast is much closer to an even split. I don't know that it will get to even. But I think they're suggesting that the enterprise dollars will be 45% or 50% of the overall SSD dollar share and clients will be similar.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, I don't think there's any question that CapEx is going to come down for DRAM in particular. It's likely that it will also be offloaded for NAND. It's always hard to say. We're still in 2011. I don't know if it's, it tends to adapt realtime, compared to the market conditions are. So I think given the current market conditions and I think it's inevitable we'll come down. It's hard to tell right now.
Ronald C. Foster: Relative to the second piece of the equation, I think does a lot of things that go in the hopper when you add new capacity. And we're certainly very encouraged with the directions, as Mark just commented, but we'll have to take a little bit of a wait-and-see approach.
Ronald C. Foster: Well, uplift in certain markets like SLC type NAND and then, of course, some retail drop. So you can't do a one-to-one on the all parts. But with the mix all in, ASPs were relatively flat and it was just a matter of shipping more SLC that drove the 10% down.
Ronald C. Foster: We think the industry, Doug, is going to come down a little bit in 2012. Certainly, in line of Steve's comment, where spending to be down by $1.5 billion as well. So it looks like the markets coming in around a 65% year-over-year growth rate.
Ronald C. Foster: I probably have one more thing too. Don't forget that the SSD capacity can increase as well. I think Mark mentioned it in some of his comments, that we actually maxed out our SSD shipments. So we're adding production capacity. So SSDs will be able to ship in to those clients as well.
Ronald C. Foster: If anything we said the latter might be true, that there might be a potential mixed shift over time. We're seeing the server business change only in terms of the demand from our customers in terms of the type of lead times. That business is becoming more of a business that we have to plan strategically with inventory to react to increase opportunities. Server growth is fairly stable for us and in the industry. But the way these orders are coming in, there's an acronym in the industry called LVO for large volume orders, and they come in somewhat with very short lead times. These are data center applications when you think of companies like Google and Facebook and others and those supporting those types of businesses, and we have to react more strategically with strong inventory positions to take upside. And then I think we've done a fairly good job in that as you can see from our growth numbers. Actually Steve commented earlier that we actually had a record for Micron in terms of number of makeshifts to the server market this quarter. And we're going to continue to focus on that category and we don't pay the demand is going to change or pause just because of Romley.
Steven R. Appleton: Yes. Well, obviously we wouldn't comment on anything we're thinking about or engaging in. But I will say that the DRAM market, the industry in general has been under a lot of pressure. You can look at the financial results of the number of these companies. In fact, if you look at our last quarter compared to the close of a couple of our competitors. I think LP lost about $500 million, $600 million; [indiscernible] lost about $500 million. And obviously, we're not happy to be losing any money, but it's certainly not better than what their financials look like. And I think that a number of those companies continue to weaken. As they do continue to weaken, they're going to have to figure out what they're going to do. And so I think that will drive some further consolidation. I think that's inevitable. And so we're just going to continue to look at whatever opportunities might exist out there.
Steven R. Appleton: Yes, I think that, first and foremost, if you look at what we've been in the past, we like to think that we've been fairly intelligent around the economics of our prior activities here. When we did the Numonyx, we -- I think it's very good for us, the cash generated in the short term was high, and we basically got a payback in a short period of time. When we did things like all the way back to the particular [ph] stage. We look at the ability of the assets to produce, you look at the replacement cost of those assets. And then we look at what our ability is in terms of productivity of those assets, and we obviously economic on that and to determine what the appropriate value is. So I do think you should expect us to do anything different than that. I think that we really have been the only catalysts and consolidators in the main memory arena that's been successful at M&A in terms of, in other words, not only acquiring, but also being able to integrate and then make those assets productive. And so we'll continue to look at our ability to do that. There are some cases where that just wasn't possible and we've seen a company or 2 either exit the business or in [indiscernible] case, they were bankrupt. And there was just really no economic model that made sense for us. And so I think that, that's how we're going to evaluate it. And if there's something that it make sense, whether that look. And if we can get it in a form that we think is, I think, appreciative in terms of how we view assets and the cost of assets or how we view our ability to produce cash flow, we weren't going to do something. But if we think we can, were going to take a hard look.
Steven R. Appleton: Yes. We absolutely did. I think if I were to separate out the consumer side of that versus the corporate side of that, consumer is very strong. And I think the corporate side was a little bit more conservative in their growth, but still grew some as well. But absolutely, I think the PC guys did as much as they could. Remember, this happened during a very -- what was normally a strong seasonal demand period for them right in the middle of shipping into the channel for the holidays. And obviously, the end of year budget in the commercial environment. So we saw a pretty strong uptick, more attracted to the consumer side of the business. I think the corporate environment had the ability to put off additional spend per unit if they had to. But overall, it was a very positive impact on the SSD demands.
Steven R. Appleton: So I think the way we're looking at it is that on the DRAM side, it should be fair, but we're hearing the same things that you're hearing, that it's not the fall which is the first data points that we're getting from the channel. It's more likely early spring kind of a recovery on the hard drive, worse case. So if that's the case, where we see DRAM demand from that sector stabilizing and being more attractive. I think the second question around SSD, I think it's interesting. As I said, the consumer side, once people go over it, is not easy to go back and I think as long as they could hit the right price points to match the consumers' appetite, I think you'll see that has proven to be kind of an unforecasted catalyst for SSD adoption. But I don't think that means that hard drives aren't going back in some of the configuration. I think hard drives will recover in the back end. I think it's just that actually on SSDs alone a very opportunistic way to get more of that product demand for customers.
Steven R. Appleton: Actually, if you -- it's pretty favorable. If you look at our technology that we sell into those markets, the enterprise segments are performing fairly well and the demand relatively strong. And we talked about the server performance, and I think that continues to be pretty good for us. The networking segments been pretty good for us. So -- and storage, of course, is now, is becoming more and more of a place where we could fill our products and draw our portfolio to sort of -- we're fairly positive on enterprise in general and our exposure continues to grow in the good way.
Steven R. Appleton: Well, I mean it's certainly something that we've talked about on prior calls that beyond the NAND, there's a lot of investment going on in terms of controller development. And even on top of that, software and firmware enhancements of the application and performance requirements needed. So certainly, I think Apple obviously has the largest product consumer of NAND capacity for their products. It makes a lot of sense for them to go out and invest in these types of areas to enhance their products and enhance the performance of their products. Obviously, they still need NAND supply at the core technology level to be able to enable their products. And I think they're trying to balance out their portfolio to be able to optimize that NAND to drive the requirements of their products and the features going forward.
Steven R. Appleton: Well, I think that we continue to evaluate the technology around controllers and any of the capabilities around the NAND, because what this stands -- in the market today, there's a lot of startup technology that companies that are working on projects around surrounding the NAND. And as this happens, and the venture community continues to invest in these types of companies, picking the winners and losers is not so easy. We've looked in a bunch of companies and over time, we've seen companies who started fast and didn't materialize as well in terms of getting technology to the market. So we continue to evaluate who are the right partners. Having said that, we're not announcing anything material in terms of partnerships that we haven't already commented on in the press.
Steven R. Appleton: The timing isn't fantastic given that the holiday purchasing and manufacturing is pretty much done. Having said that the only data point we do have that could speak to that would be the large uptick in the channel or spot market. We had about -- last week, we had about a 15% increase in spot pricing. It's settled down a little bit, but it came back down 5% of that uptick. And that's about the only index I could say that suggests the DRAM NAND is normalizing around what would have been the typical holiday demand without Thailand. And then, by the way, that's speaks to my inventory comment earlier, which that as hard drives came back in, it's not like there's a bunch of DRAM in the channel that we're concerned about. I mean, it might be modestly above norm, but not -- some of it's out of control. We think that the OEMs that reacted pretty strongly, and that hurt demand in Q1 for us. And I think the channel as well reacted fairly well and quickly on it.
Steven R. Appleton: I'll let someone else talk at the cost data. But on the density, typical density is about 128 to 256. There's different manufacturers who had different numbers that they're using for densities. But somewhere in that range, you may see some entry-level SSD around 64-gig. But primarily, on average, the industry average is about 150. But the [indiscernible] range is between 128 and 256.
Steven R. Appleton: Well, I think that the some of that has to do with the types of products that are going to embedded. We don't think it's going to be a material margin impact. Some of it has to do, as I said, with more DRAM being sold into that market share. And actually, we think that's a positive long term as we sell the whole portfolio to that segment. As a matter of fact, I think quarter-over-quarter, the number is 42% growth in of DRAM into the embedded customer base. And that better margin that we would normally have gotten in the commodity space. So if the portfolio started playing out a little bit, and bringing down the ESG margin somewhat, but again, positive overall to our performance.
Steven R. Appleton: Sure, sure. I think to that point on prior calls, I've talked about the channel opportunity in SSDs relative to OEMs. And as we continue to grow, we're expecting equal growth, really. It's about split down the middle between our channel drive under the crucial brands as well as our OEM design on the Micron brand of products. And today, that's about a 50-50 split. And so off of the last quarter numbers, we've been growing share in OEM as part of our mix. And they're both categories growing very nicely for us.
Steven R. Appleton: So I think all of which are quite of different answers to where we are in the qualification process of our customers and that volume should be. Probably I would leave it with that.
Steven R. Appleton: I think that we saw a fairly good retail numbers coming out of the holidays, meaning out of the holiday selling period. And even up till now, Black Friday, flash memory sales were pretty strong. And they've done fairly well above our plan. But we still see more demand growth coming out of the SSD kind of channel integrated of our business and then the client side. So what we've been pleasantly surprised at was the retail piece as we thought maybe that might be challenged, given overall retail and consumer appetite. But both have performed well. The growth of percentages would lead one to look at the SSD as a higher growth story. But overall, they both have done fairly well.
Steven R. Appleton: I agree with where you're going. I think that NAND, if you look back 3 to 5 years ago, NAND was primarily driven in consumer products and MP3 players, USB drives, photography cards. If you get tied to cameras, that were bought in season. So I think there was a shift going on away from the seasonality factor around NAND. And SSDs and the fact that it's a new technology and being adopted and enterprises starting to get going. So I think you'll see a lot seasonality around NAND than we have in the past.
Steven R. Appleton: So we don't normally break out the segment pricing at that level. Just a general comment for your modeling is that the commodity pricing tends to go in a direction and the other market segments on a proportional basis trail that trend. So it kind of maps out in the same direction, but not at the same rate.
Steven R. Appleton: Yes, on a relative basis, we see that. We haven't seen any impact from additional competitive capacity that we would isolate as a cause for anything abnormal.
Steven R. Appleton: I'll take the first part of that question. I think absolutely, we feel that has the opportunity to double. And as I mentioned, the OEM's success we think will continue to expand and grow, not just in the client space, but we think enterprise will be material to us, as well as, again sounding like I'm repeating myself here but the channel storage business is a pretty strong play for us. And the fact that we have half of our drive is going in the channel today, we'll tell you that we are pretty focused on winning that segment as well.
Steven R. Appleton: Let me give you more of an industry take on it as far as where the projections are in terms of ASPs, and we don't normally comment on that. But it's an attractiveness for longer-term margin opportunities in the industry. We think enterprise storage historically and will continue to be a very attractive space for us. We think client SSDs, given the performance requirements people are looking at it and endurance will continue to be a good space. We think there are mobile applications that will be more embedded. We also been doing in our ESG business, there will be custom specialty NAND applications that will develop and be somewhat attractive relative to more commoditized things like USB products or micro SD cards. So kind of a rough sketch of how we look at it.
Steven R. Appleton: It's really is a little bit of both to that equation. I think we see the consumer maybe in an upgrade type of application. And then given all that's going on, I think then there's a borrower and integrator customer are also goes through a crucial, and they're actually fabricating their own light box systems. And the other side of that is the OEM model we serve as well, which is basically we sell the SSD and they get made into finished good products that gets sold to consumer.
Steven R. Appleton: That gets into a whole different set of questions that is challenging for me to answer. I would be easier for me to answer the PC targets that I think consumers would react to. And I think basically the common economics is somewhere marginally even to or slightly above where the current PC hard drives are. And I don't mean by capacity, I mean more by just average dollar out of wallet for a price of the PC. And so, I think $499 was kind of a going price for the high-volume PCs in retail. And I think somewhere between $499 and $599 for an SSD-enabled PC will trigger mass adoption in the market.
