D. Mark Durcan: Sure. I think it's important to note that the business -- our wireless business has evolved from both the acquisition of Numonyx and kind of where this segment was. And then we had a pretty high heavily concentrated business in the feature phone market. We're -- we've been moving our product development efforts, as well as product roadmaps towards the smartphone piece of the business and our advancement in terms of low-power DRAM will allow us to get more aligned with the broader demand cycles in the mobile phone market. So I think from a product perspective, we're well aligned going forward. We also have, in taking a look at our spending across NAND, DRAM and NOR, to make sure we're focused on these future products and making some test choices on some of the existing or historical legacy products that have not generated profit. So between the expenditure side and some product alignment and, of course, our new leadership, we feel pretty good about the business going forward.
D. Mark Durcan: Really, we just read the same stuff in the press that you guys do, and it's hard for us to comment beyond that sort of speculation.
D. Mark Durcan: Sure. On a revenue basis, we were exposed to the personal systems by about 15%. This is of total revenues, had a pretty strong server business, low double digits; networking and storage, mid-teens; mobile, low-double digits; and then AIMM was around 10%.
D. Mark Durcan: Can I just say just going to repeat my answer from the last question? It's really hard, especially we're talking revenues. You have to also predict not only your growth rate in bits, but also what ASPs are going to be doing, and that's just pretty difficult to determine.
D. Mark Durcan: If I can add, I can just refer you as well to your guidance sheet. You can see there for Q1 '13, we're suggesting down a few percent in NAND and then a more aggressive cost down over the next few quarters after that.
D. Mark Durcan: Sure. I can start with the first part of that with the raw data, then maybe Mark can jump in with some of the spots around how the market's set a bit. Today, on average of all handsets, you're looking at about 315 megabytes per phone, average handset and about 3.5 gigabytes of NAND. In the smartphone segment itself, you're currently looking at smartphones in about the total 600, low 700 megabytes per handset and more in the low-30s to 40 -- low-30s gigabytes in NAND in the smartphone segment. The average megabytes per handset next year by third-party analysts are expected to grow again over 100% and NAND up around 50%.
D. Mark Durcan: This is Mark. There's really a lot of fungibility and we have really state-of-the-art lithography equipment in all our manufacturing fabs. Depending on the manufacturing technology we use, that equipment is generally fungible down to 15 nanometers on either technology.
D. Mark Durcan: Well, we -- as I just mentioned, David, we can take the existing immersion -- high NA capacity on -- down to the 15-nanometer range. Obviously, we'd love to have a low-cost EUV solution available. If the manufacturing costs were there today, we'd use it today, but we can continue to migrate our technology without it, and we just continue to monitor that. We'll be adopters as soon as we see the return.
D. Mark Durcan: We still see this deal closing the first half of 2013, and we see that the -- from our perspective, the bottleneck in that process is likely to be the regulatory approval. The court process will run its course, and we think that the regulatory approval will overlap or extend beyond the end of that process.
D. Mark Durcan: Really, Ryan, we haven't seen much of a change. The opportunities to increase our market share are available to us from various customers. And as we -- as Mark noted, we're excited to get our hands on additional trade NAND bits that we can go service these guys in a higher manner.
D. Mark Durcan: Well, Doug, I think that flexibility is definitely there and that's certainly something we have the ability to do as we migrate to future nodes. The opportunity to take DRAM capacity and move it to NAND is there. It's cost effective and efficient. It's not something you want to do with high frequency, but it is something you can do in Japan. Roadmaps in technology node transitions to efficiently take DRAM capacity and migrate it to NAND. And for that matter, it's the opposite of your thesis, but you can do it the other way around as well.
D. Mark Durcan: Simple answer, Doug, it's just the timing of the strengths. We've got a real nice, steep ramp here on 30-nanometer DRAM in Q1. And our real steep ramp in NAND bits going to 20-nanometer really happened in Q2 and 3.
D. Mark Durcan: Well, we continue to make good progress on a number of different technologies targeted at really slightly different applications. Obviously, we're in volume manufacturing now on phase change. So I don't know if you count that as an emerging memory anymore because we really don't -- we count it as here today and going into volume applications in 2013. But beyond that, some of the ROE RAM technologies and other more advanced next-generation memories, we're making good progress on them. I don't see any of them having a significant impact in 2013 or really in 2014 with the possible exception of some volume on vertical NAND technologies, if you include those in that bucket.
D. Mark Durcan: Yes, let me answer it maybe 2 ways. If you go on to a lot of the online website sales organizations for the various large OEMs, you're seeing a fairly large concentration now at 6 and 8 gigabytes. That being said, when you look at the third-party data, they're only suggesting about a 20% to 25% bit growth from the PC area for next year.
D. Mark Durcan: It won't change all that much from where we are today. We're running basically high 70% MLC and the balance is split pretty evenly between SLC and TLC.
D. Mark Durcan: Yes. So I think in terms of NAND and DRAM, roughly balanced. And that number that we floated out there, $1.6 billion to $1.9 billion, we continue to work on that. And as we really tune our investment for 2013, just on what's strictly needed to drive particular product introductions and efficiency in our technology implementation. Elpida is not included in that number. Obviously, depending on when we close Elpida, the numbers will change. But I think you should expect that to the extent we are investing in Elpida, we'll be trading those opportunities off against internal opportunities to make sure that we'll put the capital in the highest return on investment.
Mark W. Adams: I think the answer is we're really focused on hitting more of the production crossover towards the end of the first half of 2013. So then you'll see some of that costs flow through to our NAND costs. So today, we're shipping the product but expect to continued increased volumes that allow us to realize big cost savings.
Mark W. Adams: Well, I think we commented earlier that, currently, we're in a soft PC DRAM market condition, and we do have some belief that between Windows 8 and a further enhanced delivery of ultrathin products from across the OEM base, can infuse some higher demand signals. It's hard to call. It doesn't seem like it's going to be in the real short term, but we think over the fiscal year, we see some balance there in terms of the markets, some recovery in the PC space. But that's really those 2 demand drivers offset, obviously, by smartphone and tablet growth and how that impacts the overall long-term piece of the business.
Mark W. Adams: Well, I think that certainly there are certain segments that are experiencing significant growth but there's also new dynamics going on in the market segment, and I'm thinking specifically about server where we've seen tremendous application growth, but also on the low end of that segment, some level of commoditization with generic platforms and non-branded solutions where, even in the likes of Google, now being one of the largest server manufacturers in the world. So I think we're seeing pieces -- parts of that segment under some price pressure due to commoditization of it. But overall, we remain very bullish about the server business and I think it will be continue to behave as such. And the other side of that equation is that there wasn't really a big rebound as you might have suggested in the first half of the year. We didn't see that. It might have slowed, but it still -- DRAM didn't really have a recovery in such that it's just got a longer, prolonged pricing environment, especially the lag and now kind of in line with where it normally is.
Mark W. Adams: Doug, as I commented in my opening discussion, we will continue to look at inventory. Over the last couple of quarters, I think the team has done a pretty good of job on that front. And then we also, as we take a look at some of these more system-level solutions, enterprise is a steeper example. It's -- when we take capacity from just selling raw components to building solutions-oriented products, it might limit some of the future reduction potential. But we will continue to look at it, and we feel pretty confident we are putting the right controls in place to make sure inventory stays at the appropriate level for the business.
Mark W. Adams: I think it's really the latter area. We're working ourselves through some customer concentration, customer mix issues that don't really reflect the larger in potential as we transition. But that's what's causing some of the impact to the financials.
Mark W. Adams: I would just say this, without trying to predict too much in the future, Alex, I think that we've been working on this for some time. And remember, some of the product technology that we have that goes in that space, the value of commodity line of the wireless space, we can also use in other segments, namely embedded. So as we're focusing our customer engagement development efforts on some of the better pieces of the wireless business, we're able to use some of that capacity and drive ESG, for example, to higher -- their highest quarter since they've been formed as a BU. So I don't want to predict the future. I will just say that this is a known process that we're going through in the company that obviously, hasn't yet hit the financials but we're pretty encouraged by things like low-power DRAM and our 30-nanometer nodes and the uptick that we've seen in wireless, in addition to our longer-term prospects of a combined Micron and Elpida wireless business.
Mark W. Adams: I think when you look at SSDs, the client SSD business is coming from such a lower penetration rate that the -- uptick giving more pricing add and the value consumers are placing on it continues to improve. And the core DRAM growth, obviously, doesn't in line with the same traffic, so it's kind of in a much larger share of the platform.
Mark W. Adams: Sure. Well, I think, as the track of cost per gigabytes and ASPs have gone throughout our 2012 year, the demand cycle for client SSDs went up significantly, and that's what's showing up in our financials as far as the client SSD performance. When I look at how much more value is there, I think the value around that is driven by the industry's ability to remain competitive on the ASP front to drive a good level of demand on the longer term PC builds. I think that seems to be in a pretty good place today. So I think there's -- with increased or newer ability to drive cost down over the next 6 to 12 months, we would anticipate a continued demand growth there. On the enterprise side, there's a lot more ability, obviously, to differentiate both in terms of form factor, as well as performance and reliability features, that we think is already in place but will continue to grow as the development -- as we talked about earlier in our controllers and firmware and error correction, those types of things fit into our product portfolio, which will again allow us to drive more differentiation and value.
