Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Mark. We are carefully managing our business to weather this industry downturn, preserving our technology and product portfolio competitiveness and manufacturing capabilities. Micron is the leader in DRAM and NAND process technology and one of only a handful of leading-edge semiconductor manufacturers in the world. Our team continues to drive new breakthroughs for our customers.  Memory and storage are at the heart of systems and solutions that fuel the global economic engine, drive new efficiencies, create higher productivity and spud advances that make life better for people around the world. We look forward to a normalization of market conditions, and we remain confident in the long-term demand for our solutions based on the value they create across multiple end markets.  Thank you for joining us today. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Thanks, C.J., for the question. So I think we can look at the question from the demand and the supply point of view. And from the demand side, as we have indicated that we are seeing that the customer inventories are improving while still elevated, but in aggregate, customer inventories are improving. And we do expect that the volume of shipments, both for DRAM and NAND, will continue to increase on a sequential basis from here on.  And of course, on the supply side, you have heard actions from industry players and through various reports, you have seen that the CapEx reductions are being made as well as underutilization is being made in the industry. And that is going to be taking out a chunk of – it will take a bite at the supply in the industry. So basically, the supply trend will also begin to improve. So the demand and supply balance will gradually improve through the course of the year.  We have said that inventory -- we believe also days of inventory will continue to improve as well. For us, days of inventory peaked in Q2, and exclusive of inventory adjustments, we would expect days of inventory to continue to improve from here on. We have talked about for our business that we see being close to transition to sequential growth in revenue going forward. So overall the industry environment, with the demand and supply gradually improving, we expect the trajectory of pricing also to be improving. So this then ultimately means that while the profitability remains challenged, and yes, free cash flow remains challenged, but the fundamentals of the industry are beginning to improve.  And certainly, with the actions that have been taken, it could be that in 2024 timeframe that there could be shortages in the industry. But overall, Micron, I think, is taking decisive actions, as we have discussed, with respect to managing our CapEx, managing underutilization in the fab, managing OpEx and really focusing on supply growth as well.  And in terms of some of the market trends and the customer trends that you've talked about, basically, we have shared that PC inventories are meaningfully better and will continue to improve over the next couple of quarters. Smartphones, some customers may have high inventory versus other customers, but inventories continue to improve in the smartphone market over a couple of quarters as well.  Cloud revenue for us, we think, has bottomed in -- at Q2 timeframe. While inventories in cloud remain at elevated levels, inventories in data center remain at elevated levels. We do expect them to improve through the course of the year towards -- and get to normalized levels by the end of the year as well. And in cloud, the new CPUs do drive new D5 deployment, and Micron is well positioned with DDR5 with our strong position with the product. So we think that DDR5 is also tailwinds for the cloud demand with increased memory per server content that it will be driving as well.  So these are all positive trends. And while we are navigating the business through an extremely challenging environment, I hope you see that Micron is responsibly managing its supply and continuing to focus on improving the demand supply environment for us. Of course, as we have said, the recovery in the industry could be accelerated if the demand -- if the supply for DRAM and NAND in terms of year-over-year growth was negative. We, of course, have taken our actions to bring our DRAM and our NAND supply growth for the year to be negative.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So I think with respect to the industry environment, you have to look at that over the course of last 3 years, the world faced once-in-100-years kind of pandemic, once-in-multiple-decades kind of Russia-Ukraine war and its impact on the economy, 40-year-high inflation and its impact on the macro. And all of these really resulted in an environment that created a material dislocation in terms of the demand, the surge in demand, and then the inventory adjustments that took place and resulted in a material dislocation in the customer behavior as well.  And now you are seeing the process of recovery that is starting, the process of recovery with respect to the supply growth reductions actions that are being implemented. We talked about ours today. And so this will ultimately lead to the industry to recover to healthier levels. The profitability levels in the industry today are simply not sustainable. So the demand and supply environment has to improve in the industry. And keep in mind that before this period of last 2 to 3 years with all these events that I just mentioned, the industry for 10 years plus has been disciplined particularly in DRAM. So I do believe that the investments in the future that require healthy levels of profitability and, of course, supply discipline will be back and the industry will grow.  And particularly, keeping it in mind the strong demand trends. I talked about 2025 being -- we think will be a record revenue year for the industry because last 2 years have been slow demand growth in terms of shipments. We think '24 and '25 will be strong years that will drive strong growth. You are seeing actions on the supply side. The health of the industry will be restored in the future quarters.  And no doubt that AI -- and we talk about generative AI, right? I mean this is very, very early stages of generative AI, and these are the trends that ultimately really drive greater demand for a long time to come for memory and storage. I mean when you look at really the future, it equals AI and AI equals memory, and Micron is well positioned with our technology and product roadmaps to address the growing opportunities there.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So with respect to the utilization rates, of course, we will continue to monitor the industry demand, and it's important for us to continue to work on bringing our days of inventory down, and utilization could continue into fiscal year '24 as well. We'll make decisions regarding utilization as a function of, again, our latest status in the future around our inventory position and assessment of demand.  Regarding your question on the smartphone market, as we have said that in calendar year '24, we expect that smartphone unit volume will decline on a year-over-year basis, and Q2 growth for us was above seasonal. And as customers' inventory levels normalize over the course of the year, then normal demand trends will also be restored in the smartphone market.  And regarding the smartphone market, even though the unit volume may be down on a year-over-year basis, important thing is that the smartphone market is shifting its mix more towards flagship phones, and flagship phones require more memory as well. So these are some of the trends that will play out as the demand grows over the course of the year for -- in the smartphone market.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So with respect to NAND, we are well positioned with our technology and product roadmap. We shared with you today that 176-layer NAND yields are doing exceptionally well. 232-layer NAND, we have begun shipping in the market already. And with 176, as well as 232-layer, we have been well ahead of any competitor in the industry. 90% plus of our supply today in NAND that we are shipping is 176 plus 232-layers. So overall, we are well positioned with our technology. Our underutilization actions, we really believe are -- is what is needed to bring supply in line with demand, and we think these are the actions that are needed to restore the health of the business. And we have said in our prepared remarks that the industry recovery could be accelerated if NAND and DRAM supply growth, production growth, is negative on a year-over-year basis. And we certainly are taking our actions accordingly.  And regarding China, I can't really comment on the part of other customers. But what I can tell you is that our customers really do see a strong technology execution, a strong product execution from Micron, and it's our product portfolio. We have done well with leveraging our NAND and DRAM in mobile markets with multichip packages.  In automotive, I talked about some of the NAND product portfolio expanding and creating opportunities to strengthen our leadership position in automotive markets. And certainly, in the data center market, SSDs is also an opportunity. And our Gen4 NVMe SSDs have been continuing to do well in the client market as well. So our customers see our execution and innovation capabilities in technology and products, and that's what is bringing us stronger relationships with our customers for the NAND business.  And of course, in terms of market opportunities, those continue to be healthy in terms of NAND-displacing HDDs in the data center, and Micron having the right products to grow those opportunities in the future. This has been -- we have been -- with NVMe SSDs and data center, we have been absent in the past, and now we have a healthy product portfolio, and we look forward to growing our opportunities in that space in the future. So NAND overall, in combination with DRAM, enables us to have a strong differentiated value for our customers. And Micron is well positioned with our technology and product roadmap, and certainly, we believe that our supply actions here are prudent.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Regarding the mix of D4 to D5 transition, the comments that I made were for the industry trends, and those have not really changed versus our prior expectations. Of course, there are functions -- they are a function of deployment of the new CPUs, such as AMD Genoa and Intel Sapphire Rapids into the servers, into the data center infrastructure. And those -- and you are seeing that those CPUs are now starting to get broadly deployed and will continue to increase through the course of '23 and '24. So our expectations in terms of transition timing for D4 to D5 for the industry have not changed, and yes, we remain well positioned with our D5 product in the market.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Tim, on your second question, we have been actively taking supply out of the market. We took utilization levels down late summer. We increased that more in the fall. And as you heard on the call today, we've taking utilization down even further. And it's -- we're at levels now that none of us have seen before on underutilization at Micron and maybe in the company's history. So it's a significant reduction.  I'll add that we do, as you know, build principally to WIP. So we're able to then finish those products later and minimize the amount of build. We've also very thoughtfully, when we've reduced utilization, done it in the way that we can maximize the cash benefits reductions that we get when we reduce. And then it's important to note that in the time horizon that we're looking at, we are seeing bit volumes increase sequentially from here on out.  Now in the third quarter, I will note just some housekeeping that DRAM volumes were up modestly in the third quarter, and NAND is up sharply -- as strongly, I should say. And while both are price-challenged, NAND is more challenged. But again, we are seeing growth in bits, and we expect that too is the beginning of supply/demand getting into better balance.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Harlan, so I'll answer it briefly here at the beginning and then maybe take the opportunity to just talk through gross margins and effective utilization gross margin. So based on what we told you last quarter and I went into some length last quarter about the charges and period costs and so forth. But last quarter, we thought we'd have around $900 million in fiscal '23 and about $460 million would hit FY '23 COGS.  With the underutilization that we've stepped up here, we see now about $1.1 billion in '23, and this is a combination of cost and inventory and period costs, and we actually see about $900 million of that flowing into FY '23. And that's driven by not only the increase in utilization costs -- underutilization cost is driven by the effects of the write-down and the accounting -- or inventory write-downs and the pull forward of cost. So if we step back and we look at our reported gross margin and our outlook, their a function of many factors, including pricing, inventory write-downs, which incorporate our forward view of pricing, the effects of utilization, volumes and the associated leverage on period costs, as we discussed last quarter, and of course, mix. These factors are continuously changing due to the market environment and our actions.  And then further, I'll add that at these lower levels of profitability, the margin forecast and the results are more sensitive to slight changes in assumptions, importantly, such as price. So on price, given the recent price trends that we've seen and our current view on pricing, as we reported in Q2, we took a material write-down of inventories of $1.4 billion. And then the Q3 guide contemplates a write-down of $500 million on these additional inventories produced.  With these write-downs, we pulled forward inventory costs and thus, we've lowered the carrying value of on-hand inventories. And as those lower cost inventory clears in future quarters, we'll realize more income in those quarters than we would have without the charge. So as an example, we expect around a $300 million benefit in Q3 from the Q2 charge as a portion of these lower cost inventories sell through. So as per your question, we also now have the underutilization effects creating higher cost inventories and then adding additional period costs. And as mentioned, we see about $1.1 billion of underutilization impact in FY '23, and most of that, as I mentioned, we expect to hit the P&L this year and some of it will carry over to next year. Now because of the effective write-down accounting, less of it will carry over to next year than would have otherwise.  Now considering all this, we expect our reported second quarter gross margin to be the trough, so that 31.4%. And that, again, is driven in large part by the $1.4 billion write-down. With a much lower inventory charge forecasted in the third quarter, you see that we guided about 10 points better relative to Q2. Now again, these estimates are very sensitive to pricing changes, but in our current view, Q4 would be better than Q3 in the sense of a lower charge, if any. And then over time, as bit volumes grow as I talked about in the last call and we talked about today, we get leverage on our period costs and utilization improves.  First, it will improve in the back end, then we'll have better utilization on the front end. And most importantly, as customer inventories continue to improve, inventories come down and supply/demand balance is better, we would expect reported margins to improve through FY '24. But again, a lot of factors at work here. If you were to just strip out the impairment charges or the write-downs in second and third quarters, Q2 would be a 7.3% gross margin, 3Q would be a negative 7.5% margin, so down considerably. And again, this is a function of the pricing environment and the cost of underutilization, including period costs, which, again, I discussed last quarter.  Under this view, we would trough in the second half on gross margin, then would improve off these low levels through FY '24. So the -- in the end, the profile of the outlook is similar to what we discussed last quarter, though, of course, levels are lower with the pricing environment we've seen and the recovery is a bit delayed because of a bit lower volumes. But again, trough in the second half and some improvement expected through FY '24.
Mark Murphy: Yes, the inventory is still good. It just gets it -- the cost basis is lower on the inventories. And then as far as your question on underutilization charges. So we do have, as just bridging it from what we said last time, last time we had total underutilization charges of about $900 million that were incurred in FY '23, of which we believe that $460 million would pass through to the P&L in FY '23. And that $460 million was a combination of costs and inventories that clear and then also period costs.  Now our view with the increased underutilization, our view is $1.1 billion of costs in FY '23. And the amount that we believe will pass through in the second half year is $900 million. Again, that is a combination of costs that are in inventory and period costs. Now the reason it's a higher percent of the total FY '23 cost that we saw is because of this write-down accounting where that -- those inventory charges are pulled forward. So I hope that clears up the question.
Mark Murphy: That's right, Joe. You did a decent job of sort of answering the question. But if you -- I would refer you to our public filings, but as a reminder, we evaluate the recoverability of inventory as a single pool. This method we've applied consistently and as disclosed, we analyzed the recoverability of our inventory based on quantities and values on hand at the end of each quarter.  We project the period over which that inventory will be sold based on our most recent forecast and consider the expected selling prices during that forecast horizon. Since the pre-write-down inventory, days of inventory were about 235 days. That projection covers nearly 3 quarters. The amount by which our inventory carrying cost exceeds expected sales values adjusted for selling expenses determines the charge. And in this case, that yielded a $1.4 billion write-down in the second quarter, and we expect that same process to result in a $500 million charge in the third quarter.
