Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. Micron’s fiscal third quarter results demonstrate the strength of our business, and we expect to achieve continued strong results in the future. Demand for memory and storage is solid across market segments, and industry trends like artificial intelligence, edge computing and 5G continue to create new opportunities for Micron. Our team is building on our technology leadership to deliver bold new solutions that offer valuable differentiation for our customers. Micron’s business is healthier and more robust than ever, and we’re energized to seize the opportunities ahead at a truly exciting time in the semiconductor industry. We are also leveraging our success to deliver results for all our stakeholders. In April, we released our sixth annual sustainability report, highlighting progress towards our environmental, social and governance goals. I am pleased to report that we are on track to achieve the environmental and sustainability goals we set last year, despite the challenges posed by the pandemic. In fact, our ESG risk scores have improved to the top 10% of the semiconductor industry according to the third-party rating agency Sustainalytics. We are also making good progress on achieving 100% renewable energy consumption in the U.S. by the end of 2025. In calendar 2021, we continue to focus on emissions abatement, transition to renewable sources, water restoration and increased efforts to reduce, reuse or recycle waste. We will pursue these goals with the same focus with which we have created sustained momentum in the business, and I look forward to providing updates on our progress on future calls. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Thanks, C.J. So, on the demand side, we certainly see strong demand across almost all end markets. PC, on a year-over-year basis in calendar year 2021, the growth is in high-teens. And, of course, the SSD attach rate average content continues to increase on the NAND side and continue -- PC continues to drive healthy demand for DRAM as well. Our data center, after the digestion period earlier in the year in the second half, driving strong demand for us as well. Smartphone, 5G trends driving unit sales as well as average content growth. Automotive, we can’t meet the supply. We can’t meet the demand that is strong there. Industrial markets, the demand is strong. So, across the Board, almost across all end markets, we are seeing strong demand. In fact, in the industry, there is unmet demand. And you know that there is semiconductor shortage across the technology ecosystem. And as that semiconductor shortage gets alleviated over time, that actually is going to create more demand for memory and storage because every end application today, whether it’s analog IC-related or memory, CPU cores-related, all of them actually required memory and storage. So semiconductor shortage, which is actually impacting some of the demand, as that gets alleviated over the course of next seven quarters, that too will bring about increased demand. So, demand trends are strong. The supply, as we see through the year, through the end of the year and into calendar year 2022, is tight as well. And you know that CapEx in the industry has been on the DRAM side, extremely disciplined. The producer inventories, the supplier inventories are running extremely lean as well. I can certainly speak for our inventory. Our days of inventory are at 98, extremely low as well. And capital intensity is increasing as well in the industry, and that all bodes well for disciplined supply growth as well. We talked about that how DDR5 as a spec that is there in the industry, as a JEDEC spec, actually requires more on chip ECC that results in bigger die sizes for everybody in the industry for DDR5 over DDR4. So that, again, as you can well understand, as the industry transitions to DDR5 over the course of next several quarters in 2022 as well as in 2023, that too means less supply growth availability from the wafers, even with technology transitions, and so, all of those trends from the demand side as well as from the supply side bode well for our industry.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, certainly, on a like-for-like basis, pricing increased across the board in the DRAM industry, and again, driven by the strong demand, as I mentioned earlier, pretty much across all of the end markets. So, we enjoyed price increases across all end markets. And as we have mentioned that even in FQ4, we see price increases not just in DRAM, but we also see that in NAND.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, we see it as an emerging trend in the industry. When you think about it over the course of last couple of years or even maybe a somewhat longer time frame, there have been challenges with respect to geopolitical consolidations. Certainly, COVID brought into stark relief the need for resilient, flexible supply chain. And when you look at all the acceleration of the digital transformation and the surge in demand that has occurred, and on top of it, impose semiconductor industry shortages that are leaving a lot of the unmet demand across multiple industries here, all of that is really leading the customer ecosystem as well as us, the suppliers, to really absolutely prepare for supply chain so that we can meet the demand. I mean, Micron itself has taken actions in this regard in terms of securing capacity, for example, for assembly operations and that has really enabled us, for example, when our Muar operation, we had to bring down our team members there because of the recent COVID outbreak in Malaysia. Because we had made changes to our capacity -- assembly capacity footprint, we have secured more external supply, assembly capacity that enabled us to quickly shift our production to other parts of our manufacturing footprint. These are the kind of considerations that customers, in general, and suppliers, in general, are considering to make sure that they’re able to manage their supply chains to be able to meet the end-customer demand. And that’s why, certainly, some of the just-in-time aspects of inventory management have proved to be costly over the course of last few quarters, particularly, as the world has struggled to respond to the needs during the COVID time frame. And yes, there is an emerging trend towards considering just-in-case, whether it is related to geopolitical considerations, whether it is related to acts of God, that can result in supply chain disruptions or just responding from challenges of COVID. So, this is an emerging trend. And some of the customers may have already reacted faster in terms of building stronger inventory positions. Other customers perhaps still scrambling to meet the requirements, but this is definitely a trend that we think will likely persist with companies as they think about their own supply continuity considerations in the future. Just like Micron itself has taken the steps necessary to address its own customer requirements and fulfilling their demands.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, we had always said that we monitor EUV progress. We have actually engaged in EUV evaluation. We have had EUV tool in the past. So, we had always said that we will intercept EUV in our roadmap at the right time when we see the EUV platform as well as the ecosystem becomes more mature. That’s when we plan to intercept EUV in our roadmap. And that’s what our plan is that in the 2024 timeframe, and again, aligned with our technology and leadership DRAM scaling roadmap that we’ll be implementing this in 2024 timeframe. So, it’s consistent with how we have always approached it. And of course, EUV has continued to make good progress, and we really think that with our EUV technology capability from 2024 onward timeframe, coupled with our multi-patterning expertise that Micron has a leadership in the industry, we really will have unique differentiated capabilities and absolutely feel confident about continuing to lead our DRAM scaling roadmap through our, of course, currently 1-alpha, but then 1-beta and then 1-gamma and beyond. And initially, we will deploy EUV in limited layer count in 2024 timeframe with our 1-gamma node and then we will broaden it to the 1-delta node with greater layer adoption and just keep in mind that we will combine it with our immersion multi-patterning techniques as well. And so, we really believe that we will have a very strong roadmap. And this is pretty much along the lines of how we always intended to insert EUV in our roadmap in the future, basically keeping in track of cost effectiveness, productivity as well as our overall scaling roadmap, and we feel really good about our leadership, DRAM scaling roadmap ahead.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, again, this really varies from customer to customer. Some customers may have reacted fast and would be carrying adequate level of inventory or inventory in line with their strategy in terms of how to cope with the current environment with respect to demand and supply for their own components, whereas some other customers may have less level of inventory. So, really, it varies from customer to customer. So, what I’m saying is that regarding just-in-time shifting towards just-in-case kind of mindset, it really is that customer focus on managing their supply chain so that they can have sufficient inventory to meet their end-market requirements, some customers may have moved more in that direction. And some other customers may have yet to move in the direction of from just-in-time mindset towards just-in-case. So for example, the car production, we are seeing that auto market has suffered through significant supply chain shortages and, of course, have incurred significant cost to that industry as well in not being able to fulfill all their supply requirements. And of course, that then drives a different mindset on how to avoid this kind of situation in the future. So, it varies from end market to end market. It varies from customer to customer. But overall, what we are saying is that with the lessons of the geopolitical consolidations, with the lessons of the pandemic and the lessons of the recent supply chain shortages, in the backdrop of digital transformation requiring more and more of semiconductor solutions, customer ecosystem, parts of the customer ecosystem likely is approaching their inventory consolidations in a different manner compared to before. And again, we look at it as an emerging trend in the industry.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, we’re not going to go there in terms of trying to break it down by market by market. Of course, you sometimes see different moving parts in different parts of the market. For example, in mobile, you saw that with the India COVID situation as well as April and May in China, there was a reduction in demand in certain parts of the smartphone market. However, in other parts of the world, the smartphone suppliers moved to supply the increased demand in the other parts of the world. And of course, some of the demand because supply is in shortage, some of the supply in the industry got shifted toward other parts of the market too. So, we’re not going to break it down. I mean, I gave you mobile just as one example. And this situation can vary from customer to customer. But all-in-all, when you look at the end markets, almost all end markets are seeing shortages. And in aggregate, there is tight supply today. That’s what is resulting in increase in prices in the industry that we reported for FQ3, and we guided to it in FQ4 also for DRAM and NAND, we see price increases. And overall, we see supply tightness continuing through the year and into 2024 timeframe as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, I think, when you say chipset impact, yes -- oh, Chips Act, I see. Okay. So with respect to Chips Act, we definitely -- first of all, it’s really great that U.S. government is recognizing the importance of semiconductors and how important semiconductors are to national economic consideration as well as national security considerations. And of course, semiconductors are important to all global economies today. So, we certainly look forward to greater support for U.S. leadership in semiconductor research as well as semiconductor manufacturing in the years to come. And of course, Micron, as the only player in semiconductor memory and semiconductor storage in the industry is well engaged with the U.S. government. And I know that the U.S. government also recognizes the importance of memory and storage as a strategic part of the semiconductor industry. So we really look forward to opportunities in terms of addressing our future needs. We continue to stay engaged. We stay engaged with the governments in all global sites where we have major operations, and we look forward to the opportunities here in the U.S. as well. And we are really glad that the funding has crossed the finish line in the Senate, and we certainly hope that in the House as well, this will pass. And U.S. industry can get on with the business of really strengthening U.S. leadership in research and manufacturing in semiconductor for the years to come. And we definitely remain always committed to growing our own supply in line with the industry demand, and we remain disciplined in that regard.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And on the NAND front, yes, as you noted that we have increased our outlook in terms of year-over-year NAND industry growth to now mid-30s. At the prior discussion, NAND industry was somewhat in oversupply. What we have seen is that NAND certainly has stabilized, and the trends have improved. In fact, we talked about price increases that we experienced in FQ3 for NAND as well as have guided to price increase in NAND in FQ4 as well. So, overall, we see tightness in NAND as well through the remainder of this calendar year and into 2022, and NAND demand is being driven by elasticity and certainly, continuing strength in PCs and also data center and smartphone markets as well. Overall, our outlook has changed because the supply of inventories we believe are healthier. And certainly, Micron inventory in NAND also is running lean. And certainly, our 176-layer NAND industry-leading node is ramping well. And overall, we expect our long-term supply growth CAGR to be in line with the market there as well, so.
Dave Zinsner: So obviously, one of the bigger components of the margins for fiscal 2022 is going to be around pricing. And we don’t provide pricing beyond the next fiscal -- beyond this quarter, other than to say that we think pricing will be up next quarter, and we are suggesting that it would be tight at least into 2022. So, that’s as much as I can give you on the pricing side. On the cost front, when you look at the front-end cost reductions that we’ll see next year on a like-for-like basis, driven by, as Sanjay mentioned in the prepared remarks, the ramp of 1-alpha and the ramp of 176 on the NAND front, we do feel like those costs will be good. The only counter to that is we will see a higher mix of products that carry higher costs. Sanjay mentioned like DDR5, higher density server modules, as more SSDs, all those things will be a bit of a headwind on the cost front. And we will likely go into the year with some COVID mitigation costs. That also will be a bit of a headwind. Now hopefully, that over the course of the year, alleviates and that starts to help on the margin front. The only other factor is we will have a little bit of a lift in Q4 from Lehi as the full amount of depreciation goes away in the fiscal fourth quarter. And then, once we close on the sale, all the underload charges will also go away. The way I think I’d model it is maybe about $20 million of benefit in the fourth quarter and probably another $20 million in the first fiscal quarter and assuming we close somewhere close towards the end of the first fiscal quarter, we should be -- that should be behind us.
Dave Zinsner: It somewhat depends on the product itself. But I would say, in general, we are trying to drive towards higher value products, which arguably on a like-for-like -- or at least on a comparable basis to other products would carry better gross margins.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. A lot of questions on pack. Okay. So, on the buyback, I wouldn’t read anything into the $150 million. Some quarters, we’ll have higher levels of buyback than others. We were -- we did have an eye on our net cash position. And so, that was something that we were trying to move in the right direction. I think you’ll find in the fourth fiscal quarter that our buybacks are meaningfully higher than our third fiscal quarter. So, nothing to read there. We do feel like this price is obviously a good price to be buying the stock back. And we are committed to what we’ve talked about previously, which is to return at least 50% of our free cash flow in the form of buybacks. And as we -- as I talked about on the prepared remarks, I think the metric we’ve hit so far is 55%. So, we’ve done pretty well. And that doesn’t even account for the converts, which I think by the end of this fiscal quarter, that is the fourth fiscal quarter, will be completely done with converged, conversions will be completely off the balance sheet, and we will remove that dilution as well. As it relates -- no message on the CapEx as it relates to buybacks, other than to say that given the EUV investments, it does appear that we will operate maybe at a little bit of a different level from a percent of sales perspective than perhaps we previously were operating. We were thinking more in the low 30s. I think with EUV, it’s safe to say that we probably are operating in the mid-30s as a percent of revenue for CapEx, at least as we build out the EUV part of the tool set.
Dave Zinsner: So, I don’t think I’m ready to -- we haven’t completely finished the plans on next year. So, maybe it’s a little premature for me to talk about next year, specifically on cost downs. I would say that when you look at 1-alpha’s cost declines, they are very, very good. The timing in which the 1-alpha ramps is certainly an impact, and when it gets to its mature yield state is certainly an impact. And then, of course, it’s hard to call these mixed elements that drive some headwinds. But suffice it to say, when you kind of think about what our strategy is, we do feel that we’ll see many of these things enter into the equation. So, I think when you look at it on a front-end basis is quite good and quite comparable. I think when you look at it on a mix basis, somewhat dependent on how the market unfolds. But based on our early view into next year in terms of the x, we’d expect some headwinds.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. So I’ll take the DRAM question first. I think, you would model, for sure, we are thinking pretty modest sequential growth in the fourth quarter in terms of DRAM. I think that will carry into the first fiscal quarter, quite honestly. I would expect a relatively gradual increase as we ramp 1-alpha and that there wouldn’t be necessarily an inflection point where we see a big step-up in the growth rates. We’ve been very focused on the supply-demand balance on -- from our perspective. And so, we have been investing in 1-alpha with that in mind. And then, just the follow-on question you had, I almost say the same thing. As we look at DRAM and as we -- actually, as we invest in DRAM and NAND, we take a long-range view in terms of the growth rates of DRAM and NAND. Sanjay mentioned that we think DRAM growth rates are in -- for DRAM, long-term growth rates are in the mid to high-teens, and we think NAND is growing -- should grow around 30% over the long term, and that’s how we invest our CapEx. And we’re always -- now year-to-year, things might be a little different than that, but we’re investing over the long run to grow our supply in relationship to that demand growth. And we have not deviated from that strategy.
