Kipp Bedard: Thank you very much and welcome to Micron Technology’s first quarter 2010 financial release conference call. On the call today are Steve Appleton, Chairman and CEO; Mark Durcan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ron Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance; and Mark Adams, Vice President, Worldwide Sales. This conference call, including audio and slides, is also available on Micron’s website at www.micron.com. If you have not had an opportunity to review the first quarter 2010 financial press release, it is available on our website at www.micron.com. Our call will be approximately 60 minutes in length. There will be an audio replay of this call. You may access that by dialing 706-645-9291 and use a confirmation code of 45034396 This replay will run through Tuesday, December 29, 2009, at 5:30 pm Mountain Time. A webcast replay will be available on the company’s website until December 22, 2010. We encourage you to monitor our website again at www.micron.com throughout the quarter for the most current information on the company, including information on the various financial conferences that we will be attending. Please note the following Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this meeting, we may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company and the industry. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files on a consolidated basis from time-to-time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically the company’s most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results for the company, on a consolidated basis, to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. These certain factors can be found in the Investor Relations section of Micron’s website. Although, we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity performance or achievements. We are no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of the presentation to confirm these statements to actual results. I’ll now turn the call over to Mr. Ron Foster. Ron.
Kipp Bedard: Thanks Mark. We will now take questions from callers. (Operator Instructions) With that, we’d like to take questions.
Kipp Bedard: In terms of core DRAM we are in fiscal Q1 that was up 45% revenue, specialty DRAM was around 13% and total NAND was around 33% was that ends up about 98 and the other 2% is captured in the royalty line. I am not stay way I think from given to any guidance on predicting more those goals because as you know there is so much it is related to the ASP changes.
Kipp Bedard: I think that, currently we want to be pretty flexible in terms of how we think about what additional consolidation it can happen in the memory business. I think you can expect us to be fairly conservative as you might have imagine, a lot of accounts will be going in the 2010, we leverage our balance sheet a little bit in the last year or two and we’re still looking at, how much to be deleverage that. In addition, as you already noted, we have some facilities they’re capable of taking additional equipment for capacity and we’re always of course looking at that and then M&A front, we still think there’s some opportunity out there. So, I would say that, we’re going to keep some of our powder dry at this point, as we look at these various alternatives, but currently we think we’ll be moving forward from a position of strength and being able to take advantage in advance in any of the directions we wanted to grow, but we as you know we think, we’re in a pretty good position in terms of what cash generation will report.
Kipp Bedard: On the supply side we are seeing estimates of in the 80% to 90% supply bit growth in 2010 over 2009.
Kipp Bedard: I’d like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you’ll please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language. During the course of this call, we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on this call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings with the SEC, including the company’s most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Thank you.
Mark Durcan: First of all on the 34 nanometer front, we continue to fine tune our operations as always to optimize any cap, slightly better cap loss or utilization, but new story for us in 2010 at this point is the transition of 2x node, which we have been saying for sometime will occur throughout the year. So that should drive. It’s a pretty significant shrink went up and position to say exactly how big that is yet, but we seen will be sampling and you’ll have the access than information, but its pretty significant shirk force and should drive some pretty significant bit growth. Beyond that obviously, we’re looking at lots of different alternatives has to how we might add additional scoring to the silicon on a go forward basis, but we’re not really in a position to talk about exactly where or when that might occur at this point.
Mark Durcan: Let me cover the NAND capacity first. As our alluded to will see at least slightly more silicon in our existing fabs significant technology migration 2x node which, I think for Micron those two combined with drive less than the overall 80% to 90% if you will lumpy throughout the year depending on how it goes as relative to any new silicon that would be 2011 will released.
Mark Durcan: I think this is a first Christmas that we’re seeing as a result. I’m not sure, I have all the day, but the adoption right now is pretty strong. So we feel really good about that. I was talking your original question in terms of the contact of where we got for today. We still work pretty good about that adoption both of the corporate level and even in a consumer level instead on all displaced on OEM side, but then maybe Microsoft in the desktop to drive that increasingly. So we feel pretty good about that, but we’ve already got some headway going into we think overall can be very, very positive for us in 2010.
Mark Durcan: I think future group holds a lot of water. I would also suggest that, from a channel perspective when people were upgrading their desktop and notebook purchase in their next generation for full system, when I look at the behavior there, they’re certainly looking to add value in the channel side of that business to up sell customers and the people that consumer making the decision is causing them to make that buy at a pretty significant discount at time of purchase versus they have to go back to that downstream.
Mark Durcan: Sure, on the production side, next quarter will be up low teens and we’re stand away from a full year-over-year number for now. As we have stated, we have a strong growth profile, I think Mark’s mentioned in several conference calls, not only due to our own shrinks, but also the capacity coming on it in Inotera and their shrinks as well. In terms of CapEx as Ron’s mentioned before, it is backend loaded and I’ll turn it over to him for additional details.
Mark Durcan: I think you’re exactly right. Number of competitors can’t really deliver DDR3 without 50 nanometer that constrained at some of those same competitors and unlikely to be a swage tool. Some of those competitors will have difficulty participating in that market.
Mark Durcan: The difference we’ve seen really in the applications that traditionally have consumed a lot of NAND. While the densities went up, the street pricing helped pretty much throughout the year. The normal vehicle, when you talk about, I think you really referring to retail versus distribution, the normal mechanism to enforce that as through some type of price rebate or price protection. I can tell you, across the Board and retail, they were unable to do that, use that mechanism to manage price curve. So we actually had significant demand of the higher density, but it didn’t drive pricing down. So it wasn’t very surprising to see that happen, because the applications stayed very strong. In addition to that, when you look at some new applications online, i.e. smartphones numbers of smartphones are shipping with 32 gigabits of Flash Memory, there hasn’t been an application like that in flash ever in existence. So you had a combination of some real applications of MP3 and photography in USB that have been around for while legacy applications with the growth and things like smartphones in the evolution of the introductions of SSDs, it created a pretty robust pricing environment and demand curve.
Mark Durcan: On the piece, relative to capacity online, Inotera is essentially fully ramped at this point. Given effect that we have to have a certain amount of capacity offline to effectuate the transition to start the event, so there’s a small amount of tools that have come out place, so we can install mutual to affect the transition at 50 nanometers and that’s progressing well. Relative to the 50 nanometer transition, I think the lot Inotera comment on exactly how that’s going, other than to say, we have a pilot line up in running and we’re very satisfied with where that transition is going.  On royalties, I’ll let Ron handle the royalties.
Mark Durcan: Yes, I think we do. I think as we just talked about earlier in the call, the 64 bit phenomenon and we looked at people who have kind of forged on a tough 2009 in terms of PC purchases across the Board in consumer and in enterprise. We think that there’s an opportunity for that. We certainly don’t see any behavior at this point of driving densities downward. In fact, we’ve seen the contrary. So at some point, we understand that dynamic would be there, but we don’t think we’re there yet.
Mark Durcan: So on the netbooks convergent to DDR3, I think, by virtue of tight supply of DDR3, that will be a lagging platform if you will and these yellow side as that is, you got price point as you to round. You also have the application uses that might not warrant if where you seen the push on DDR3 in notebooks and desktop as well. So it’s bet of constrain as well as just the raw application being used for the netbook today to get a price point.
Mark Durcan: Your question about the activity in the stock market, would you really have is two classes of product here. You could imagine when that capacity you referred to was off line. You’re a major OEM customer, looking at your supplied based in a little bit concerned about the ability for some one that tier 2 supplier to be able to service demand. So what you now have is that additional capacity come online, but not with OEMs, because OEMs can’t toggle back and forth as quick. So what you have is two tiers of OEM pricing. You’ve got your OEM contract pricing and you’ve got the spot market, low grade tier 2 DDR2 products that’s coming back on the market, which probably can’t warrant the margin and know the volume support. So companies like Micron has been add for our customers to increase our share at major OEMs. The demand is very robust. The fact that there might be some available spot market material is just byproduct of that additional demand coming back on with no real OEMs.
Ron Foster: First of all, we have to take the most diluted calculation and computing our EPS. So, the effect you see here is, you can get to by adding back the interest expense on the converts into net income and then dividing by the weighted average shares including the convert shares, which shows in your share deviser it with the one billion share count. So, that’s are you get to the EPS number and we compute both with conversion as if diluted and without conversion to see which one has the most diluted affect and that’s the EPS number that we required report by gap accounting. So, if you give a little bit more specific perspective on how at works to be take our $1.3 billion convert, it will converts and NAND convert to accounting basis are about $190 million of net income. So, since we are over $190 million the share count which was $91 million shares goes into our diluted shares and that’s $90 million of interest income they gets added back to the net income line and that’s how get to the EPS number on that particular convert we have to through each one to come up with the math the best way to approach.
Ron Foster: The ranges we’re saying for DRAM are out there anywhere if it’s a wide range of 30% on the low end to about 50% on the high end.
Ron Foster: Probably, as you know, we’ve been chatting about a lot of that just depends on how successful each company is executing the shrink strategy.
Ron Foster: On your gross margin question it obviously as I comment at the ASPs had significant effect in the quarter and pretty broadly across the board in all segments of our business I comment last quarter that we were in the black on gross margin and both DRAM and NAND and obviously where substantially better on both scores as we report this quarter.  We also had idle charges for example last quarter in our cost of sales in those are effectively zero this quarter as we taking in our full production assignment from Inotera and also working on the technology transition as we go through this fiscal year to get them up on our fab technology but in the mean time we are taking all the trend supply and doing well about the market as well. So, all of those contributed to the margin story.
Ron Foster: Yes, I mean the best comment I could say is that, we were in constrained a number of our product segments that I think server was the leading products in terms of our allocation position we’re in as a company. We gotten multiple upside forecast from just about everybody. So we don’t think it’s a tug of war in between share gains between customer A and customer B. The upside seems to be across the broaden business and ultimately, we could have used a lot more product to ship in the quarter. Our forecast for foreseeable future out in Q1 and Q2 calendar year remained very strong. Both in terms of density, but also in terms of just a number of raw units and it seems to me that the lot of the infrastructure dollars that the government put in place on a global place, is taking hold and where a lot of the dollars being spent both in the enterprise and networking space is driving tremendous upside versus what we might have forecasted it back in the first half of 2009.
Ron Foster: Yes. As we previously said, our guidance for the year is $750 million, $850 million. We spend about $111 million in first quarter. So it’s heavily backend loaded and of course we’ll be monitoring our technology transitions and timing, which can affect that and pull things in or out slightly in the fiscal year. So that’s the range we’re predicting.
Ron Foster: We have about $35 million in license revenues. I mentioned, this quarter similar to last quarter. Those are approximate trajectories as we look through the year ago in terms of the payments for our technologies to this point, but don’t have any further adjustments or change to that trajectory to fall on at this point.
Ron Foster: I think the first of them, if market likes to jump in, we’ve seen various report. It looks like total systems and you’re looking at about 2.7 gigabits expectations for the year or to average some more involves with three-two or three range. Anecdotally, I can tell you that probably had between that last two or three conferences, chatting with people who have bought new systems and here ranges up 9 gigabits to 16 gigabits per system. Now, you guys are pretty powerful users, there’s just anecdotal information to maybe match we have marks. We haven’t seen that demand at the per unit level, but the bit shipment demand that I suggest is pretty healthy is reflective of a trend down that path. We haven’t seen the per unit plus density being around nine or 16 in that range, yes, but we are seeing the forecast from our customers to be pretty staggering from year-over-year from 2010, when we look back at 2009. I think, a lot of that is reflective on the desktop side of that growth.
Ron Foster: We’re again go stay away from Micron prediction, for next quarter it’s fairly flat for us for the industry. We think supply is going to be up about 80% to 90%.
Ron Foster: Yes, normally we don’t comment on those. I will tell you that, obviously we launch the products we’ve been working with some key OEMs on the development ahead of our launch. There are significant customers and we are very excited about the progress over last quarter.
Ron Foster: Today, the current design winds that I’ve referred to you were desktop with the announcement of our client product RealSSD 300.
Ron Foster: Again, it gets mentioned a few times in the goal. We don’t normally forecast out that far, or I’ll tell you is that, we’re very pleased and I would say the business be ahead of our plan that we had during the year.
Ron Foster: Yes, as I mentioned earlier, right now we’re getting royalties for previous technologies and you are correct as I previously communicated there is a formula for future technology rollouts and payments on a revenue basis relative that technology rollout. So it will be a function of that revenue and timing of the new technology notes in the ramp up as well as in the ramp up as well as the revenue levels, so many specific call out on that.
Ron Foster: We I think are in a pretty good position and hence already been dialoging with the suppliers over the last number of months, if you will. So I don’t think it’s a bottleneck for say for us, I think it might be in the event those in the industry that haven’t really looked it upgrading their equipment weren’t with some issue, but I think it is general true that lithography is the longer lead time item of the all the equipment that you would have buy. I guess I could differ to the litho guys to with which to that they think their lead times are, but our experience at the moment is, that if you go in order a piece of litho equipment and the caveat I’ll give is that, we’re talking about most of started to have. If you want to go in order the most advanced step that they have, it’s probably going to be in the neighborhood of 10 months maybe 12 months. If much of that happens at all, then as just going to keep push it out from there.
Ron Foster: We already have our deliver side, fatherless Inotera has been in plan for the converting for sometime and so forth, so that’s all said up already.
Ron Foster: I’ll turn it over to Mark to answer, but I said one other thought real quick as if I were on the last subject. The other thing in terms were on you talk about the bottleneck. I think ordering equipment and getting as you had some lead times that I just described, but assumes if you have the money if go do it and the equipment leasing business if you will, which is how a lot of companies finance there, equipment acquisition is historically that market is completely shutdown.  When I say that, I’m talking about the GE capitals etc. I’m not essentially zero to a very little of any of that available to even companies like Micron and portion of that will go down that route, but if these companies are trying to go and get funds if which to upgrade the technology, that markets close and as you know, the other ones are pretty difficult for number on. So the whole lead time discussion is kind of move, if that will have more to go out next two phases network. Mark.
Ron Foster: I’ll answer a part of that and then Mark will answer the other part if he actually heard. First of all, we didn’t say that all the capacity was back online. I said that the capacity, that which capable occurring back online. It was back online and interesting part of that is, a large part of that obviously particularly in Taiwan is on the older technology. It came back online, but it didn’t comeback online in a more advanced technology, which has historically been the cases comeback online in older technology because we’ve already to buy the equipment to upgrade.
Steve Appleton: With respect I think the state of the suppliers, we ended the year obviously in a pretty difficult situation and subsequently I would say probably within the 60 to 90 days or biting 2009 about a third of the world capacity came offline. Some of it, as you know never came back online, i.e. menthol bankruptcy and that is essentially a liquidated and most of those are gone or ready to not in production or never will be now or as you know, if you got the media TI basically, but all the use of 300 millimeter from the U.S. facility is now using until the capacity. So that never came back on and it’s been following in Taiwan. I think all of the capacity at this point in time, the best we can tell, all the capacity that could have come back online is back online and those that have access to financing our funds are essentially just merging down the path of updated technology and those really, I would say Samsung and Micron that positive in the best position both DRAM and NAND and then the others, I’ll trying to figure out how to do that, but as you know, most of them never lot of debt that they’re also facing and trying to apple. The interest analysis, last week taking with one of the CEOs in improvement business and I didn’t know the statistic, but if what I said was true, it’s the first time that never happened at least in try star in this business and that as of this moment, there are no new fabs in the constructions for the memory business and then nobody know well. There are fabs that have been constructed, obviously Micron has the Singapore one and they’re optimizing the Inotera operation and so far so, clearly it was cut based to optimize to the sales that they already have, but down the hill I assume that there are just no new fabs in the construction in the memory business and that’s the first time I can ever remember that being the case, if I entered the business totally seven year ago. So what happens in 2010 is always depending upon what happens in the broader economy and I would tell you that, I think some of the success that we’re experiencing now, which is due to our own competitiveness or due to a lack of supply in the marketplace. It’s one of those two things. It’s not really because of demand so great is on fire and the economy is recovered because I think most people know that simply not the case. To the extent that we actually do get an economy environment that starts to recover that you have those of the variable circumstances for the memory industry. Then with respect to how much the PC is going to play role going forward, I’m going to turn it back over to Mark Adams your comment.
Steve Appleton: As you know, we don’t break them out, but we do rank them for you. We had a real strong quarter has been alluded to by both Mark and Ron on specialty DRAM. So we are No. 1 gross margin. If you look at just our trade NAND, it would be No. 2, core DRAM after that and Imaging after that, and of course topping a list would be the licensing royalty category.
Steve Appleton: It’s been I think, pretty normal overall from what we’ve experienced before. Obviously, the transition, it’s been upon the application and the price points are trying to target and so forth. We in terms of moving forward from here, I think it’s going to finish out so to speak, to be pretty normal process over the next year.
Steve Appleton: Yes. Those are currently assumptions. As we should get substantial growth from next generation technology as that rolls out and there’s a formula related to that.
Steve Appleton: It’s pretty easy, but if you look at the increase and wafer output from Inotera related to win and then also finished goods servicing a higher shipment level to customers. I think overall inventory was only up 5% and there wasn’t substantial growth in overall FGI. So there was some growth related in Inotera, just reinforcing chipset. 
Mark Adams: I think from a PC and even from a server sector, what we’re seeing is continue to upside on the commercial enterprise markets, continued investment on the infrastructure side was been very strong and only one if you could take advantage from proportionally a mix on the desktop notebook side of the house, things look a little bit better coming out December than we might have projected.  I think a lot of that has to do with company’s putting off purchases than the longer cutting off in that application as well, so in computing overall pretty favorable and we are sitting even slightly increased density for bob which is upping on the demand curve as well.
Mark Adams: I will take the inventory question. Now I believe things are still very tight both in the OEM side and that’s we can see and our channel and as I mentioned in earlier comments in our hubs and it really across the board and all application we’re trying to do our best to meet the customer needs, but its I think a lot of its driven as Steve said demand is the demand as pretty good but not staggering upside in demand what we see is just a lot more prudent management coming in a last years down turn and the inventory levels being appropriate for the time and coming out of the holidays we are pretty tight going in the calendar year 2010.
Mark Adams: On the debt side of note booking net book arena, some of that overall PC landscape, we’d seen continued increased megabit persistent there. Obviously net book drags that down or wouldn’t in the lot more impressive, but if you go back into terms of overall ‘09, we didn’t quite break through 2.7 range, 2.8 range. As we go into our first quarter, we’re anticipating that to be well over three megabit persistent for both desktop and notebooks. You’ll see that both of the corporate level and even if you do your retail checks, you can see advertise of four megabit systems at pretty good ASPs on the desktop level. The net book piece will took and drive itself to be a low density operating. So all-in-all pretty favorable and certainly better, I think the projections were about six to 12 months back.
Mark Adams: Going back to my earlier comments, we’re not seeing what might be traditional seasonal pullback in Q1. We’re seeing continued strong demand coming out of the holiday end of year, both in the PC side and the server side, really across all of our segment. We’re not seeing any pullbacks on the demand forecast going into our calendar Q1 and end of our Q2. It seems very strong and support, the best we can see throughout the remainder of our quarter here.
