Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Mark. I am proud of the execution of the Micron team and the progress we made this quarter. The leadership products we released and qualified are strengthening Micron's portfolio across multiple key markets. While there are near-term headwinds, I am excited about the new product introductions that we have planned for the next several quarters, which will further enable us to leverage the dramatic growth in AI that is ahead of us. I am confident that this portfolio momentum, combined with our technology capability, manufacturing excellence, financial discipline, and excellent customer relationships, will position us well for the future. I also want to call attention to Micron's 2023 sustainability report, which published yesterday. The report underscores our continued commitment to innovation, the environment, our people and the communities where we operate, outlining our progress and aspirations across our environmental, social and governance programs. I encourage you to review the full report on Micron's website. Thank you for joining us today. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Thanks, C.J., for that question. We, of course, continue to work closely with our customers. And as we said that customer inventories are improving. Except for data centers, inventories are close to normal in most of our other end markets. Data center, we said by end of this year or somewhat thereafter -- shortly thereafter, data center customer inventories we expect to improve as well. And we continue to work closely with our customers. Some of the customers definitely interested in some of the longer-term outlook for the business and other customers operate on month-to-month basis. And overall, of course, we continue to mitigate through some of the impact of the China decision as well. But the value that we are bringing to the customers for our products continues to strengthen and Micron is very much focused on navigating through the current downturn and working closely with our customers to address their future demand. And as we said in my remarks that some of the customers, given the low pricing that exists in the industry today, and before prices begin to increase substantially, some of the customers may be looking at purchasing additional volumes at this time. But in general, the trajectory is of continuing improvement in their inventory levels end-to-end across the supply chain, add the customers directly as well as third parties who may be supplying to the customers. And as you know, inventories at the suppliers are coming down as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Well, with respect to HBM3, we are very excited about this product. Micron has focused on bringing an industry-leading product and HBM3 product that is in early stages of sampling and we expect to begin production volume ramp of this product in early 2024. It is a product that has significantly higher performance, bandwidth and significantly lower power. In fact, as a product, it is close to a generational leap ahead of anything else that is in the market. We have received a strong endorsement for this product in the market and we expect the volume ramp of this product for us to be rapid, to be steep ramp and this will bring in, in our fiscal year 2024, strong revenue growth opportunity for us. So we are very excited about this standout product. It will be a significant growth driver for Micron. And everything that we have done here is of course built on our industry-leading 1-beta technology and applying to it, of course, advanced packaging, differentiated packaging and TSV capabilities. So this is we believe going to be a standout product for us. And we expect -- we target a share with HBM with this kind of industry-leading product that would be higher than our average DRAM share in the industry as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Well, our customers, of course, work with us on LTAs. And as we have said, LTAs relate to their forecast for the year, generally. And while some customers may be operating on shorter term or other customers longer term, but generally speaking, they operate on yearly LTAs and LTAs involve supply and demand commitments from the two sides. Of course, sometimes with the changing industry environment on either side, on the supply or on the demand side, there can be adjustments made to those LTAs, and we work closely with our customers in those regards. And we have had close relationships with the customers. We have a very strong product momentum. You are particularly inquiring about data center. And let me tell you that our product momentum in data center with strong portfolio of solutions, particularly addressing the growing interest in AI, in data center, generative AI, becoming a big opportunity, and we look at it for 2024 as a big year for AI and for memory and storage and Micron will be well positioned with this product. And these are all parts of our discussions when we address their requirements on their future purchases when we address LTA requirements. And of course, we need the necessary investments related to our production mix in terms of die requirements, in terms of our assembly and test requirements, and we really work closely with our customers to help manage these. And just keep in mind that -- as I mentioned, that a lot of new product considerations go into the LTAs as well, as well as, of course, the volume and overall demand and supply considerations. So LTAs, at the end, really help both the parties. They help us plan our engineering, our product roadmap, alignment on that, our investments in things such as back-end capacity because products like HBM, product like high-density modules and, of course, in the mobile sector, products like MCPs, et cetera, have all different considerations at the back end. And these are the kind of things, LTAs really help us plan with our customers.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So look, when we look at the overall DRAM demand, the DRAM TAM, of course, the AI is driving growth. Automotive, certainly driving growth. Other end markets, such as we mentioned, mobile and PC, in terms of -- or consumer, in terms of their end demand, has been somewhat lackluster. The AI demand that is driven in data center, whether it is in the enterprise definitely drives healthy trends for memory growth. Yes, enterprise server and some of the data center demand has been recently somewhat impacted by the macro trends, but the trend of AI and more memory is absolutely continuing. And that's what -- when we look at our overall 2023 demand growth and the projections of CAGR that we have ahead of us, we have taken those into account. This is very, very early innings for AI, and AI is really pervasive. It's everywhere in, of course, cloud applications, enterprise server applications, applications such as generative AI would be in enterprises too. Because due to confidentiality of data, enterprises will be building their own large language models. And as you know, while the enterprise large language models may not be as large as the large language models you may see, and examples such as super clusters, et cetera, but all of them are really tending towards greater number of parameters. Now we are talking about parameters with generative AI getting into even trillion parameter range. Not too long ago, these used to be in 100 millions of range. That requires more memory. So regardless of the applications, whether it is on the enterprise side or on the cloud server side, the memory requirements are continuing to increase. And I'll just point out that 6x to 8x that we have mentioned is the multiple of DRAM requirement in AI server versus standard server. And of course, as we highlighted in the script, there are many compute configurations, such as the supercluster example that we gave you, where the DRAM content that is required is few hundred times higher than a standard server. So really, I think the journey here ahead of us will be very exciting. And when we look at machine-to-machine communication, when we look at opportunities for the virtuous cycle for the ever-increasing data that training applications, that inferencing at scale and various edge applications, including automotive, are driving the requirements for memory and storage will continue to grow well, and Micron is going to be well positioned with our products. And we consider 2024 to be a big banner year for AI, for memory and storage. And Micron will be well positioned to capture this with our strong portfolio of products from D5 to LP5 to HBM to high-density modules, even including graphics.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I will take that. So what we have said is that approximately 50% of our business in China is at risk of getting impacted. And of course, we are focused on mitigating any share loss with CIIOs or as a result of CAC decision, with those customers -- global customers who are not impacted by CAC decision. So keep in mind that our share in DRAM is approximately 23% and our share in NAND is approximately 12%. So obviously, we have opportunities to gain share with other customers. And this is what we are focused on. It will take some time, and the CAC decision can -- I mean, as we have said, it is hurting our business. It is slowing our recovery. It can result in quarter-to-quarter variations as well. But over longer term, our target is to maintain our share. So while near term, CAC decision is challenging, longer term, we will work with customers who are not impacted -- our global customers who are not impacted by CAC decision to increase our share. And we have a long history of working with our customers. We have brought tremendous value of our innovation, our supply, our product portfolio supporting their innovation and roadmaps in the marketplace. Our customers want to see a strong Micron. Our strategy of keeping our target share consistent over longer term with our current share is understood by our customers because, again, they want to see a strong Micron, so they are supportive of this. And we will continue to work with our customers. And of course, as we bring value to our customers with our products and our product portfolio, we will focus on ROI on our investments, and we'll certainly focus on improving the profitability of our business from current levels as well. So we will, of course, keep profitability in mind. And again, it's important that Micron is a strong partner to our customers. And I think customers understand that multiple strong players in the industry is a benefit for multiple reasons to our customer ecosystem.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So certainly, we have had HBM2E product in the marketplace that actually gave us strong experience in bringing up our technology and production capability with HBM. The market, as I mentioned, is -- has shifted -- is shifting to HBM and Micron's HBM3+ product, which I called as a generational leap ahead of anything in the industry is going to position us well as we bring that into volume production during the course of our fiscal year '24, starting early part of calendar '24, contributing to several hundred million dollars of revenue opportunity over time. And with respect to AI part of the market, I want to be very clear that, yes, with respect to high-density modules and with respect to high bandwidth, HBM3 solutions, that part of the market is growing this year, and it's an opportunity that we want to capture, and I believe that we'll be well positioned to capture, as I mentioned, that we will be targeting share in HBM with our absolute industry-leading product that's higher than our DRAM industry average share. So -- but it's important to understand is that AI is being served not only by HBM or high-density DRAM modules, but it is also being served by D5 memory and by LP DRAM as well. And this is where with the D5 and LP DRAM products, we gave you some examples in our script as well. A large amount of LP DRAM being used in industry-leading high-performance compute platforms. In fact, the 144 terabyte that we mentioned in DGX, GH 200, about 122 terabyte of that is LP DRAM. And Micron is very well positioned with a differentiated solution of our LP DRAM there today. So I think it's important to understand that the AI server market is made up of HBM, it's made up of high-density DRAM modules, includes -- it also is made up of DDR5, LP5 and some element of graphics memory as well. So, we do have a broad portfolio. And in 2024 with HBM and high-density DRAM modules getting into production, I really believe we'll be extremely well positioned to capture the growing opportunity in AI. And 75% of DRAM on AI servers today is DDR5. And as I emphasized, and as I'm sure you well know, we participate very well in D5. In fact, we led the industry with our D5 products, again, built on 1-beta technology here.
Mark Murphy: Yes. We had a small impact -- very small in Q3. It's a more material impact in Q4. We do expect the impact to increase. However, our actions to mitigate that will help offset the effect. But really, at this time, it's a headwind, but there's -- and that's clear. However, we are taking mitigating actions and it's very uncertain, continues to evolve on what the impact will be. And again, the impact that we see in the fourth quarter, it's contemplated in our guidance.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Thanks, Krish. Maybe I'll spend a few minutes just covering because it's a very complicated topic with a lot of moving parts, maybe spend a bit of time on the topic. So our reported gross margin, our outlook, it's a function of many factors, including pricing. The inventory write-downs, which do include or incorporate our forward view of pricing. The effects of utilization, which you heard today, we've increased -- or reduced our wafer starts further. And then just volumes and associated leverage on period costs as discussed in previous quarters, and of course, mix. These factors are continuously changing due to market environment and our actions. And as I've stated before at these lower levels of profitability, our margin forecast and results are more sensitive to slight changes in assumptions such as price. Now given price trends and our current view on pricing and costs, we took a material write-down in the second quarter as we reported $1.4 billion, took another $400 million this quarter. And with these write-downs, we've pulled forward inventory costs, thus lowered the carrying value of on-hand inventories. Yes, as this lower cost inventory clears in the future quarters, we'll realize more income in those quarters than we would have otherwise without the charge. So as an example, we took this $400 million of additional write-downs in third quarter for inventories produced. And considering our latest views on volume mix, we also realized a benefit of near $300 million from selling through the lower cost inventories impacted by the second quarter write-down. So I do want to call out that it's -- with all the uncertainty, complexity and sensitivity at these profitability levels, our write-down and the benefits that we had in the third quarter were not far off what we estimated in our guide. So I think that's a good reflection of our handle of what's happening in the business. Now we've also got underutilization effects, which are creating higher costs in inventories and adding period costs. We project roughly $1.1 billion of underutilization impact in FY '23 associated with the front end. Most of that will impact the P&L this year. Some of it will carry over to next year. But because of the effect of the write-down accounting, less of it will carry over to next year than would have otherwise. Beyond this period of write-down effects, the impact of lower wafer starts between the period cost and the higher cost inventories, the effect is higher single digits on margins, then down to mid and lower single digits on margins as revenues increase. So considering all this, just to give you a sense of profile of margin and in turn pricing, to your question, we said last quarter that we expect -- or as we said last quarter, we expect -- we had a reported second quarter margin to be the trough, and that was driven by the $1.4 billion write-down. With a much lower inventory charge forecasted in the third quarter, which happened, that margin improved about 15 points. And then also, as mentioned last quarter, we said that fourth quarter would be better than third quarter on a lower write-down, hence, we guided today 5 points better than the third quarter. Again, these estimates are sensitive to pricing changes. And -- but in our current view, we expect a gradual improvement on margin to continue sequentially on a reported basis. Now if you take our non-GAAP third quarter gross margin of negative 16%, and we were to strip out the write-down effects in third quarter, both the write-down portion and the realized benefit, and also to normalize, you strip out the insurance settlement which we had in the third quarter, we would still be -- those two things largely offset, so we'd be still at about 16% negative gross margin. So again, over $100 million net inventory effects, the $400 million write-down less than $300 million realized benefit and then the roughly the same over $100 million insurance settlement. So -- and this is a function of the pricing environment, which we, I think, properly captured in our guide. Now that adjusted 16% -- that adjusted margin 16% is down clearly versus the adjusted second quarter margin, which, as I recall, is about 7%, so down 23 points. So under this adjusted view, we would trough on gross margin over the next few quarters, and then we would improve off these low levels through FY '24. So this is a profile that's consistent with what we've discussed before, though the levels are a bit lower and a bit delayed. And so hopefully, that provide you some color both on how we see pricing and how we see gross margin playing out with all the puts and takes.
Mark Murphy: It is not. It's more of an industry dynamic and our intent to get supply discipline in the market. Supply needs to come out of the market given inventory levels, and that's the principal driver. As far as the effects of utilization, it is already incorporated in this guide. The period costs in the fourth quarter are about $200 million. And again, they're contemplated in the guidance.
Mark Murphy: No, I don't think it's much worse than what we're thinking. If you strip out just the underutilization effects, but you keep in the insurance settlement, you're close to what we said, sort of that 7%, 8%. So that you need to consider. We had said that was in there.
