Kipp Bedard: Thank you very much and welcome everyone to Micron Technology's fourth quarter 2014 financial release conference call. On the call today is Mark Durcan, CEO and Director; Mark Adams, President; and Ron Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance. This conference call, including audios and slides is also available on our Web site at micron.com. In addition, our Web site has a file containing the quarterly operational and financial information and guidance, non-GAAP information with reconciliation, slides used during the conference call and a convertible debt and capped call dilution table. If you have not had an opportunity to review the fourth quarter 2014 financial press release, again, it is also available on our Web site at micron.com. Our call will be approximately 60 minutes in length. There will be an audio replay of the call. You may access that by dialing 4045373406 with the confirmation code of 2237916. This replay will run through Thursday, October 2 at 11:30 pm Mountain Time. A webcast replay will be available on the company's Web site until September of 2015. We encourage you to monitor our Web site at micron.com throughout the quarter for the most current information on the company, including information on various financial conferences that we will be attending. You can also follow us on Twitter @microntech. Now please note the following Safe Harbor statement.
Kipp Bedard: Thanks Mark. We will now take questions from callers. Just a reminder, if you are using a speakerphone please do pick up the handset when asking a question, so we can hear you clearly and please open up the lines.
Kipp Bedard: Thanks Mark. Appreciate it. We would like to thank everyone for participating in the call today and our apologies go out to those that are still on the line. We didn't get a chance to chat with. But if you please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection language. During the course of this call we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on the call that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially for information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings with the SEC including the companies most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Thank you.
Mark Adams: Well, I'm going to be careful about speculating too far out into the calendar year. My commentary earlier tried to address that we have our top three PC OEM customers on a three-month price increment that ends at the end of September, and the current indication is that we are going to have another discussion around and probably end on a three-month price increment for the calendar Q4 period, and as current market suggests we think those conversations will be in line with stable or slightly improved pricing.
Mark Adams: Okay. Yes. So, just for review purposes, we currently have 25-nanometer product coming out of Hiroshima, which is targeted primarily at mobile. And then we also have our Rexchip facility in production with mobile, 25-nanometer, as well aimed at mobile. Today, as we sit going into the quarter, 25% -- sorry, 25-nanometer product of DDR3 will be roughly about 25% in the quarter out of Hiroshima and in the mobile -- sorry, 50% in Hiroshima and out of Rexchip it will be roughly 25%.
Mark Adams: Sure. When you look at our DRAM business, today, the best way to think about it is mobile is roughly about 25% of overall DRAM. And, compute is roughly around 30% of DRAM. And then if you look at the specialty business, you asked about servers. Server is roughly just below 20%. Those are kind of the three areas you asked about.
Mark Adams: Well, I don't think we are going – Betsy, I can tell you where we were last year. So, I said that compute was in the kind of mid to high 30%. It was slightly higher last year but still under 40%. Mobile was lower last year coming out of fiscal year 2013, but increasing as we left the year, and the server business it was slightly higher. By the way, the question on PC capacity and how we are optimizing, it is not just the mobile to PC dynamic, it's also some of the low-end of the server business that we shifted the capacity back to meet the demand of the PC business.
Mark Adams: It’s okay. We are not going to comment on the actual pricing premium. But suffice to say, our production decisions will be driven around our way and margin, not any market share build, necessarily.
Mark Adams: I think it's a little bit of both, to tell you the truth. If you look at the overall category for the mobile segment, DRAM content per unit is up pretty dramatically. Yes, the Apple ecosystem is more efficient, but I also would suggest that given how tight the memory business is, there probably wasn't a lot of room for them to be able to address higher-end configurations.
Mark Adams: As we mentioned on prior calls, we think that mobile will be about mid-40s next year in terms of percent bit growth. But, you also have to remember that we stated and will say again today, we are going to manage this from a balanced portfolio perspective and really look at the return piece of the business. In mobile as we said, we don't necessarily need to be the biggest supplier of memory. We want to be the most profitable supplier of memory in helping our customers innovate. And so it's going to be roughly in that area, but we will see over time how it plays out.
Mark Adams: Well, I think it's important to know that in the cost curves in our NAND business, as SSDs continue to grow as a percentage of our overall NAND business. That will add cost of goods impact because we can get things like controllers and PCBs and rest of the building materials of SSD that go into our COGS calculation. Secondly, I'd like to emphasize that as you can see by the growth quarter-over-quarter, the last two quarters, market access is not a problem. Micron people are leaning on Micron to drive their planar SSD and enterprise opportunities. And we continue to invest in – these businesses are high-value businesses, they're not ones that you necessarily can develop overnight. We're very happy about the progress in the quarter, especially, as I mentioned, enterprise sales up 79% quarter-over-quarter, well ahead of market growth.
Mark Adams: So our DRAM ramp in 2015 won't be significant volume until the second half calendar year. So you should see some volume show up in Q4 of our fiscal year.
Mark Adams: Today, our mix is roughly two thirds to 75% client and another one thirds, 25% of the third enterprise. And we think, proportionally, that's in the ballpark a lot of it depends on market conditions and it would be tougher to forecast out that far and how much that would change from where it is today.
Mark Adams: Well, I mentioned in my script earlier, less than 10% of our capacity goes to the spot market in DRAM. And so the other way to think about is, greater than 90% go to OEM customers. That being said, as it relates to kind of how we see pricing in our willingness to hold tight, we feel pretty confident where pricing is going in the quarter. We see stabled out pricing and holding inventory and a lot of stuff, we have gotten it before. We are in this business to make money, it's a return decision. We are not looking to liquidate anything. We are in good shape and that's where we're going to act.
Mark Adams: Yes. I think we think it's not – the argument that you just posed is that there's more server units being sold and our proposition is that there is more density, more memory bits going into every server. So if in fact, you are right, you will see even faster memory growth in the server segment. But, we're talking about people wanting to put more capacity in a relatively modest single digit growth server business today.
Mark Adams: It's hard for us to speculate because we are not inside those companies and their product discussions. But remember something, we have made significant investments and we are very excited about our 3D offering we talked about seeing some 3D production out towards the end of our fiscal year, calendar Q3 next year. And so, we think there's a good combination in our product portfolio in the second half of the calendar year, next year for consumer and mobile applications requiring 50-nanometer TLC as well as entry-level client devices. And we also are pretty bullish about our 3D development and efforts and we think we will have differentiated solution there on the high-end for -- high performance NAND solutions.
Mark Adams: So let me talk to the first question around enterprise and the effect on the overall business. Without giving too much away for competitive reasons, just to suffice to say that the enterprise SSD business is an above averaged gross margin business for Micron and we're continuing to develop products and try to maximize their opportunity there. So as we grow that business, it should have a positive impact, all things being equal. As relates to your second question about internal controllers, we continue to invest internally and resources for both the clients and enterprise market. Today, we have a hybrid development approach, which is primarily around in-house development for value-added controller systems and for the more commodity type products, we look and work with third parties. Now remember, that doesn't mean we don't add value, because we got firmware development test and all that that goes on in the background with these partners. If you are looking for a rough proxy, I'll ask, I will have Kipp to follow-up. But, my suspicion is, we are somewhere in the 70%, 75% of internal, external controllers, maybe closer to 80% and about 20% internal controller development. And we will follow-up, Mark with the exact numbers.
Mark Adams: But there is two components to that. There is the supply element, right, Mark? And then, the overall end market behavior in terms of demand. As it sits today, and we talked about this in prior calls, we have a certain amount of flex capacity to move between PC and mobile. And we probably haven't emphasized enough, we also have discretion to move some of that PC capacity and server capacity back and forth. Given the strength of the PC market, we've optimized around the PC market on a relative basis, remember we want to be in all three businesses for the long-term. As it relates to going forward, it's a tougher call in terms of trying to predict that. But PC strength clearly today is helping lift mobile pricing and server pricing and which led to pretty favorable results in the quarter.
Mark Adams: Well, I think that given how we've looked at our – what I say variable capacity – I think that's a distinct possibility, assuming demand plays out the way we think it will. We think – I think that mobile price is likely to trend stable to upwards in the quarter, given some of the new launches and some of the configuration density improvements.
Ron Foster: This is Ron. There should be and we contemplated that in our revenue guidance of $4.45 billion to $4.7 billion. Theoretically, you get about one seventh additional cost on OpEx and one seventh additional revenue and the COGS moves with the revenue. All I just add, is that at -- one 14th, excuse me 7%. All I'd add is that when it's on the revenue side, you don't necessarily get linear effect from adding one week to the quarter, where you have some customers who are polling from stock, et cetera, on a monthly basis, for example. But, in general, you can think of it that way, about a 7% lift.
Ron Foster: Sure. Mark, we don't specifically go through detail in terms of what our view in projecting the operating cash flow and free cash flow. We are giving you a view out one quarter. But, if you look at our current trajectories and the stability we are seeing right now on the marketplace, you can extrapolate that going forward and potentially see trend lines in the similar range. But, we don't give guidance beyond one quarter out. We have also given you the CapEx guidance and so, you have a view of that. It's up some from last year, $3.6 billion to $4 billion. But given current trajectories, we certainly have that – would have that well covered with operating cash flow. If you look at the DRAM versus NAND breakdown, we don't break out operating cash flow and free cash flow by technology. So, I don't have a view for you on that.
Ron Foster: Yes, John. In terms of the yen, which is moving a lot just very recently as we all know, and the comment was on operating spending or general spending -- yen-based spending. Today, our calculus is that our operating spend is impacted about – which is not just OpEx, but all of our yen-based cost of sales activities, too. Our impact is about $3 million to $4 million per one yen per quarter. Most of the yen-based spending is in COGS, actually, so the impact is delayed about a quarter based on their inventory flow through. So, you need to keep that in mind. We have a lower level of yen denominated costs today, especially now that we have converted MMJ to U.S. functional currency. And we also have a yen neutral balance sheet. So the metric used now is $3 million to $4 million per one yen change per quarter in our overall cost structure and we contemplated current levels of the yen in our guidance.
Ron Foster: The CapEx does not – you mean the infrastructure in our front-end backend? Yes, it's the same structure.
Mark Durcan: Mark, let me add just from a business perspective, clearly, we got a lot of margin opportunities to run our business. Mark talked about some of the pricing trends, I talked about kind of where we see supply going. Internally, relative to the execution, we talk about what we can do on the NAND side relative to adjusting our mix on TLC and eMMC, the mobile space, SSDs, et cetera. So we think we've got a lot of leverage in our business here and we are just very focused on executing what's a pretty good market environment.
Mark Durcan: Obviously, it's a complicated relationship. By way of background, you're right. We provide a lot of advanced process technology products, customer access, customer service, a lot of things to the relationship. What we get back is the full output of Inotera the market minus transfer price. But we also get back equity gains on the bottom line. Without going into too much detail, John, the supply agreement it's a three-year agreement. It calls for annual renegotiation. And any changes to the agreement will be negotiated with the company between Micron and Inotera. And it's other major shareholders. We greatly value the strategic relationship with Inotera and Formosa and we intend to work closely with them to make sure that it's a long-term, sustainable relationship where each party gets a reasonable return, given what they are bringing to the relationship. And not much to add to that.
Mark Durcan: We don't have any better insight into what the competitors are doing than you do. We read what they say in their earnings announcements and then in the press, et cetera, et cetera. But what we understand, is that Samsung's had a relatively effective 20-nanometer ramp and pull forward some of the gains that otherwise we are going to have a little bit later in terms of bit production. And we have a sense as to what they're doing to replace wafers loss to the 20-nanometer conversion based on what we've read in analyst and market reports. And so we continue to believe that the supply growth is in that range, given those reported incremental wafers coming from all the various parties in the marketplace.
Mark Durcan: We are still very early in the ramp and deployment. I just mentioned, we'll have a component in the marketplace next calendar quarter, calendar Q4. So kind of depends on how successful we are with market adoption and what goes on in relative pricing in all the various markets we serve. We're still going to be looking at margins and long-term sustainability of that margin. But at least we'll be in a position to address those markets as we move through the year and we think we'll see some continued deployment.
