Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. Micron's culture has played a significant role in driving our strong results. Our vision to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all serves both as an inspiration for our team and is a foundation for everything we do. Earlier this month, we released Micron's 2021 DEI report entitled For All, which highlights significant accomplishments across the six DEI commitments that we introduced last year. These accomplishments include achieving comprehensive global pay equity as well as increasing representation of underrepresented groups among new college graduate hires by 7%. We also publicly disclosed consolidated equal employment opportunity or EEO-1 data for the first time. This report is available on our website. Demand for memory and storage remains strong. The broad integration of AI, proliferation of the intelligent edge, continued data center growth, EV adoption and 5G deployment are creating expanded opportunities for Micron to innovate and deliver new value to our customers. The strategic importance of semiconductors to economic growth has never been more clear and ensuring the security of supply for customers across all industries has never been more important. We look forward to working with governments and initiatives to invest in domestic production both here in the U.S. through the CHIPS Act and FABS Act and in the other countries around the world. It is a truly exciting time in the industry. Our business is robust and growing, and our team is energized to seize the opportunities ahead of us. We'll now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, C.J. So happy holidays to you, too, and to all our listeners on the call. With respect to the demand trends, we -- as we said, we see second half to be strong bit growth supported by the easing of shortages across our customer base. These shortages that our customers have experienced have constrained demand for us. And of course, their end demand trends have been strong. So as the supply chain shortages ease during the course of 2022, that will be a tailwind for demand for us, for memory and storage products. And of course, there is some aspect of seasonality, as you know, in the current quarter, particularly in some segments that are more consumer-oriented parts of our business. So second half, yes, there will be a stronger seasonality aspect as well. Then is the product cycles of our customers.  New products in data center with new processors, with new architectures that are enabled with more memory channels, more cores in those processor, more AI and big data workloads driving greater demand for memory and storage in the -- during calendar year '22. We expect calendar year '22 to be a strong year for data center demand. 5G, with respect to smartphones continues to drive strong content increases as well as, of course, more 5G phones are being sold. And automotive, we talked about some of the trends of new vehicles that will have more content. And certainly, EVs with more than 140 gigabytes of DRAM and some EVs having a terabyte of NAND content, this is the trend that's starting to build up as well. So overall, the devices have more content. And actually, in automotive, if you think about it, we have 90 million automobiles versus servers at about 15 million. So 6x of automobiles with increasing content. So of course, this will be a strong demand driver, not just for 2022. I mean, beyond that as well. So the demand trends are secular here in nature. And of course, we work closely with our customers, and we understand how they are looking at their own demand rolling out through calendar '22. So demand trends are strong. We expect healthy demand supply environment in calendar year '22. On the supply side, of course, it has been disciplined CapEx. And as we have highlighted, we expect DRAM to be in mid-teens to high teens in terms of year-over-year supply growth and NAND approximately 30%. And of course, on the supply side, the CapEx has been disciplined by the suppliers, but also equipment constraints, the long lead time that is there. That, too, gives us confidence regarding calendar year '22 supply outlook. So overall, we believe we are well positioned to deliver a strong second half based on all the demand aspects as well as supply aspects that I just described here as well as a strong profitability for record fiscal year '22 revenue and robust profitability.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, the comment is relative to what we saw three months ago. And as we had highlighted in our earnings call -- last earnings call, we have seen that certain PC customers had their supply chain challenges, making it hard for them to get all non-memory components, thereby limiting their production of PCs, even though their end demand of PCs was still strong. So yes, compared to that, what we have seen is that their inventory adjustment that was as a result of their non-component shortages, is now largely behind them, and we are certainly seeing recovery of demand on the PC front compared to the levels that existed three months ago. And overall, as I noted that for calendar year '22, we expect total PC unit sales to be similar calendar year '21 level. So PC, we expect will be recovering for us in terms of demand as we go forward here in calendar year '22.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So again, I would like to remind you that about four years ago, five years ago, we used to have about 10% of our revenue based on these LTAs. And today, we have more than 75% of our revenue based on LTAs. What the LTAs have done is bring us closer to the customer and really enable us to have a much closer dialogue on their planning, their forecast and enables us to plan our supply and the mix of supply appropriately as well. These LTAs are nonbinding in nature, but they do help build greater visibility, greater transparency. And over the long haul, build greater trust and accountability between us and partners because value of memory is just continuing to increase. And there is sentiment of course wanting to make sure that there is sufficient supply of memory available to our customers. So we work closely with them, and it helps us decide our product portfolio as well and manage our overall product portfolio and the mix of the product. So these agreements are volume-targeted agreements. They're not generally based on pricing, but they do help us as well as our customers plan our business far better and give us greater visibility. And again, these have been worked on, improved upon over the course of last few years, and we continue to look forward to continuing to strengthen these LTAs going forward as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So I think you're right to note that certainly, supply is limited. As I highlighted earlier, CapEx in the industry has been disciplined. And of course, as you know, that exiting 2020, there was inventory in the industry. Supplier inventories are at lean levels as well. And of course, in terms of supply growth, given the various aspects of supply chain shortages across all industries that have been discussed, equipment today has long lead time as well. So overall, when you really look at calendar year '22, overall supply is rather limited. And of course, demand trends are strong. What I would like to highlight is that you really have to look at long-term CAGR. The long-term CAGR on DRAM of mid-teens to high teens is really driving strong growth, and it is there because of all of the demand trends we have discussed. And so you can't just look at one year, you have to continue to look at longer-term trends. These are secular trends in nature, driving more demand for memory and storage. And of course, what we have provided here is our estimation regarding the bit growth, this is what we expect, and we'll continue to monitor this. Essentially, we expect a healthy industry demand supply environment in calendar year '22, particularly on the side of DRAM.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And I think, again, it's my supply comments are based on some of the CapEx that we have ourselves said is in DRAM is guided down, but also by our other suppliers in other suppliers that have DRAM in the industry.
Sanjay Mehrotra: As we highlighted, I mean, our discussions with our customers and LTAs are more around the requirements of supply. And of course, these lead to closer discussion in terms of understanding their product portfolio, their road map and how our road map gets defined and how our portfolio fits in with their requirements. So as I mentioned earlier, I mean, these discussions, these relationships with our customers have continued to evolve over the course of last few years, taking us from yes, that 10% LTAs to now 75% LTAs. But they're also continuing to evolve in terms of the relationship that is based on value as well. So of course, we will continue to look for opportunities, as I mentioned earlier, to strengthen these LTAs in the future as well. And I would just like to highlight that we are in this good position with the customers in terms of gaining greater visibility to their requirements and being able to drive these LTAs through a lot of good work that our team has done here. The sales teams, our business unit teams and, of course, supported by strong technology, product portfolio and supply chain execution that just gives these customers and other partners the confidence in engaging in these LTA discussions with us.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And so, a stronger ramp in the second half versus the first half because, again, as those new processors ramp up into production with our customers, that will drive a ramp of DDR5 in the second half in the server space. And in PC, as I mentioned, it's happening well throughout calendar year '22.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So inventory strategy is clearly vary from customers to customers. And some definitely, given what pandemic introduced in terms of supply chain shortages, are looking at strategically higher level of inventory. Some may also be doing it for geopolitical considerations. So we don't really yet see customers going back to pre-pandemic levels, but the strategy around inventory does vary from customer to customer. And overall, as I said, for -- on an industry-wide level, while there may be some pockets of some customers carrying extra inventory overall, given the current environment, customer inventory levels are in a decent shape. And just look at us, Micron itself is also, in our own manufacturing, we are holding a lot more inventory of raw materials just to make sure that our supply chain has assuredness with respect to our ability to supply our customers. And our operations planning just in the current environment of somewhat higher uncertainty on the geopolitical front as well as pandemic-related front is operating with greater levels of inventory -- with non-memory components inventory. And similarly, customers have similar approach as well in terms of managing their inventory.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So the earthquake in Taiwan, at the time of the earthquake, certainly did reduce some of our bid production. By end of the quarter, our impact to our overall output was meaningfully reduced.
Sanjay Mehrotra: The auto and industrial certainly will be high-growth drivers for us across the cycle. I spoke to all the demand drivers in the automotive market. Micron is clearly an automotive leader in this space. And we said that auto and industrial combined, over 10%. If you look at automotive itself, our share of the market is somewhere mid-single digits. And this year, we would expect to continue to grow based on all our experience in this market, our share leadership, the high quality we provide and increasing demand for memory and storage content in these markets. And of course, industrial is also growing for us with 5G enabling tremendous demand in the industrial segment with industrial IoT, market drones with surveillance, equipment, with automation in the factories. All of this is tending to drive greater demand as well. So we expect solid growth in both of these markets. We expect the -- overall, if you look at DRAM content CAGR in the automotive market, that's approximately 40% over the course of next three years, NAND CAGR in the automotive power kit, above 50% as well over the course of next three years. So, this really has legs in terms of sustainable growth. And again, we are well positioned in these markets, and we expect our percentage of revenue in this market to continue to increase over the course of next several years.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So first of all, with respect to our focus on the business, with respect to our people and Micron has been proactive all throughout the pandemic in taking actions to protect the safety of our team members, whether it is managing strict protocols with our operations -- on-site operations with respect to masking, physical distancing as well as vaccination. And of course, as a result of that, we have been successful in continuing to run our operations all throughout the pandemic. And despite various industry-wide challenges on supply, we have been overall generally quite good in terms of our ability to support our customers. With respect to the Micron, of course, we will continue our stringent focus on safety of our team members as well as continuing to run our operations. We will not let our guard down in this regard and of course, continue to monitor all the trends and developments here. I would like to point out that even with Delta, all our operations continued to run well. And of course, as you saw, the demand for our products continued to be strong as well. And of course, we saw in some parts of the business, higher demand as a result of COVID for certain periods of time, whereas other parts may have had lower demand for certain periods of time as well. So of course, we will continue to monitor the trend. And to the extent that Omicron has any impact on the macroeconomic environment, of course, that might impact some of our business. However, you have seen that we have been extremely adaptive. We have been extremely agile, and we will continue to do so.
Dave Zinsner: Sure. Thanks, C.J. and happy holidays as well. Let me join Sanjay, in telling everybody happy holidays. Yes. So from a cost perspective -- let me just step back a little bit on the margin front because I think it's worth touching on it just for a second. So we delivered very strong gross margins, as you saw in the first quarter, 47%, right in line with where we thought we'd be. Just keep in mind that just a year ago, our gross margins were just a little bit over 30%. So this is a pretty significant improvement in the gross margins. And of course, some of that obviously comes from pricing, but it also comes from a good cost discipline and the beginnings of the ramp of 1-alpha and 176-layer that we saw last year and into this year. As we look into the second quarter, we do expect to continue to see a tailwind from cost reductions associated with both 176-layer and 1-alpha node, and that should continue through the year. Also, as Sanjay mentioned, we have a lot of product calls ahead of us for this year that will improve the mix of our business into high-value solutions, and so we also expect that to be beneficial. The question -- the root of your question is these costs that we're seeing in terms of COVID mitigation and some inflationary pressure. Those are likely to continue through the year. Hard to say when they abate, but we do expect that they will continue through the year. But other than that, the other areas that -- where we have good control over I think we're executing very well in terms of delivering good cost reductions. And at these levels of profitability, the ROI for us, ROIC for us from a business perspective is quite high. So, we're in a good -- what I think is a really good place.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. So it's right to note that there's a little bit of tightness in the labor market, which, of course, it makes it challenging. But I'd say the biggest single contributor of the OpEx this quarter -- in the first fiscal quarter was just lower R&D expenses and related to prequalification expenses. And those can be a little lumpy and sometimes you just fall over the transom between the first and second quarter of a year. And so it just turns out that they didn't hit in the first quarter, but we feel very confident that they will hit in the second quarter. And we will really spend in absolute terms for the year at the same level as we were predicting last quarter. It's more of a timing situation. So we'll have this kind of step-up in OpEx for the second fiscal quarter. And then it's a much lower sequential rate of growth in the third and fourth fiscal quarter that will get us to roughly, call it, 15% for R&D and SG&A will be a bit below that. But overall, we drive the number we're in.
Dave Zinsner: Sure. So we had about $100 million of revenue in the first fiscal quarter related to wafer sales. It was somewhat accelerated because we closed at the end of October. That's a little bit higher than we've actually been running for the last couple of quarters. So that does actually go away in the second quarter. On the margin front, it was actually pretty close to the corporate average. We -- normally, that's lower, but we moved the assets to a held-for-sale status, I think, at the end of the second fiscal quarter of last year. And so that discontinued the depreciation expense there. And so, we saw margins generally -- relatively similar levels once you kind of factor that in. So a lot of the underloading got somewhat removed over the course of the third and fourth fiscal quarter -- or let's call it the fourth -- first fiscal quarter, such that it won't have a meaningful impact to gross margins in the second fiscal quarter.
Dave Zinsner: Yes. So obviously, we can't comment on pricing on a forward-looking basis. I would just reiterate Sanjay's comments that we see a healthy supply/demand dynamic for the fiscal year for both DRAM and NAND, and we continue to ramp 176-layer and 1-alpha, which gives us a good cost structure going forward. We're going to continue to drive the mix. All of those assumptions are built into our margin guidance. Of course, there's a high and a low to that margin assumption based on how things can play out.
Dave Zinsner: Well, you're already seeing a lot of the benefit. We'll have a lot of good products coming out through 2022, which were the benefit of the investments that we made in prior years. It's -- to a large extent, it's a continuation of the progression of our products in all markets. Obviously, there's more that we have to do in the SSD front to fully capture all of the opportunity from an NVMe perspective. So there's going to be investment there. There's obviously the next set of process technologies, which will include continued investment in EUV for the 1-gamma that Sanjay mentioned. So lots of different products that we think will be necessary to address the whole market plus continued investment on the process technology side to keep our pace in terms of a leadership position and cost leadership position.
