Ernie Maddock: Thanks Mark. Our GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $471 million, $0.42 per diluted share or net sales of $3.6 billion. Compared to the third quarter margins declined primarily as a result of pricing in the DRAM space.  Non-GAAP income for the fourth quarter reflections adjustment for the following: Recurring adjustments for the amortization of debt discounts primarily relating to the imputed interest on the convertible notes of the MMJ Creditor debt and nominal amounts for the loss of our debt restructuring activities and the effects of changes and currency exchange rates for the quarter.  Technology acquisitions or technology related acquisitions in the quarter resulted in a $21 million gain from the re-measurement from a previous equity method investment held in the acquired entity, as well as $21 million in tax benefits recognized in the purchase accounting.  Non-cash taxes relating to the MMJ and MMT operations reflected a benefit in the quarter primarily as the result of increased estimated utilization on operating loss carry forwards in Japan. As a result our non-GAAP income was $399 million or $0.37 per share.  As a reminder, Micron includes both amortization of acquisition intangibles and stock based compensation expense in our non-GAAP reporting. Taken together these two items represent approximately $0.04 per share for the recently completed quarter.  Now let’s look at our results by product line. Historically we’ve referred to our product classification as DRAM and NAND. As Mark Adams just noted, rather than NAND we will refer to Non-Volatile, which includes NAND and 3D Cross Point, but will continue to exclude NOR. DRAM revenue decreased approximately 8% compared to the third quarter, primarily as the result of lower selling prices. DRAM gross margin was in the 30% range, lower than the previous quarter.  On the trade NAND Non-Volatile side revenue decreased approximately 7% in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of lower bit sales volume. Gross margin was relatively flat compared to the prior quarter in the low to mid 20% range. Both bit cost and selling prices decreased slightly for the quarter.  In the quarter the company generated operating cash flow of $1 billion and ended the quarter with $5.6 billion in cash and marketable investments. Expenditures for property, plant and equipment during the quarter were approximately $1.85 billion. During the fourth quarter we repurchased $63 million in face value of convertible notes for $112 million and approximately 36 million shares of common stock for $638 million for a total of $750 million.  Operating expense was less than anticipated in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of lower variable compensation expense and lower volumes of wafers used for development of new products and technologies.  For the full year fiscal 2015 ended September 3, net sales were $16.2 billion with GAAP net income of $2.9 billion or $2.47 per diluted share while non-GAAP net income was $3.1 billion or $2.72 per diluted share. The impact of acquisition intangibles and stock based compensation on our full year non-GAAP results was approximately $0.13 per share.  As Mark Durcan noted during FY2015, we used approximately $3.2 billion of dilution management activities. Out of this total $832 million was spent on share repurchase and the remainder on convertible retirements.  Cash expenditures for property plans and equipment during fiscal 2015 were $4.1 billion and we continued to expect fiscal 2016 capital expenditures to be in the $5.3 billion to $5.8 billion range. We also continue to expect third quarter investments of between $700 million and $900 million, as well as $600 million to $800 million expense for our 3D NAND Fab 10X expansion in Singapore.  As mentioned in our Summer Analyst Conference, we are simplifying the guidance that we provide. For Micron’s first fiscal quarter 2016, our non-GAAP guidance is as follows: Consolidated revenue in the range of $3.35 billion to $3.6 billion; gross margin in the range of 24.5% to 27%; operating expenses between $580 million and $620 million and operating income between $260 million and $320 million with EPS between $0.20 and $0.26 per diluted share based on an estimate of 1.1 billion diluted shares and a tax rate in the mid-teens. This EPS range includes expenses related to acquisition intangibles and stock based compensation which together represent approximately $0.05 per share.  Although we continue to expect some challenges in the pricing environment during the current fiscal quarter, our guidance particularly at the gross margin line also reflects that early capture of operational improvements that we have been sharing with you for some time. In the materials posted on our website, we have included a dilution table that reflects the anti-dilutive effects of our cap calls at various stock prices.  Now, I’ll turn it back over to Mar Durcan.
Ernie Maddock: If I could just add one more comment that what we’re hearing and seeing from the market is that by segment TLC is entering in some segments, but not all segments. As a matter of fact, in the last part of Q4 and early into Q1, we’ve seen significant interest for our higher performing, more reliable MLC, both 20 and 25 nanometer products where they are designed in and even new customers in the hyper scale environment, and so while 20% might not sound as high as one would have forecasted six months ago, we’re getting significant interest again in enterprise type applications for better margins, and so we’re going to dial that in around market opportunity and customer needs.
Ernie Maddock: Let me handle the yield question. I think the thing we can say about yield is we’re clearly ahead of our plan and running at least as good as or probably slightly better than we have on previous similar conversions. So we’re very happy with the way that that’s going, and we look for a significant bit generation and bit crossover in our third fiscal quarter.
Ernie Maddock: If you go back to the chart that we showed in our Analyst Day, it sort of shows you what we’re expecting in general relative to output, and cost move in an impressed way with output. So as output moves up, costs decline a little bit.  In addition to that as we move down the technology curve, we also get the benefit of that. So without being overly specific, I think the best thing I can do is refer you back to that curve, and the gross margin guidance we have provided and you can sort of draw the picture from there.
Ernie Maddock: I can’t really comment on that, and again, I’d refer you back to some of the major levers that we have, which is output that we can control and whatnot, but the biggest lever of all is pricing which is something that we can’t fully anticipate. So, I can’t really give you any indication that November would be the bottom, because I just don’t know at this point, although we continue to make progress on our operational improvements.
Ernie Maddock: Keep in mind, when you look at SBU numbers, your also looking at a blended trade and zero gross margin business report.
Ernie Maddock: Well, ASPs are big one right. We always reserve the right to dial mix and we’ll take advantage of any opportunities we see there. I think we have a pretty good beat on what our output is going to be absent some dramatic mix changes. So I don’t think that’s as big a lever in this particular quarter. 
Ernie Maddock: Think in terms of anywhere where you want a large in memory database or anywhere where you want ultra high performance storage systems. 
Ernie Maddock: So the amounts actually probably a little close to $130 million versus $170 million, and we are certainly going to continue to be opportunistic and as we think about the market during the fourth quarter we’ll be making decisions as we think is appropriate. 
Ernie Maddock: Yes, so obviously the biggest one, we can’t tell you whether it’s a headwind or a tailwind which is market pricing. As we think about the cost side, we should continue to see some improvement as we go further down the curve with 20 nanometer and the 16 nanometer TLC NAND. And then obviously it’s going to be the mix between end markets and as we have talked about before, we do have the ability certainly in the February quarter at this point to think about where we want to direct that mix.  So those are the three big levers and they are going to move in ways that we can’t fully predict right now on the market pricing side, the other two things we are actually thinking about quite carefully right now. 
Mark Durcan: Thank you, Ernie. Let me just conclude our prepared remarks by summarizing our major focus areas for the coming year; there are three such focus areas. First is technology development and manufacturing efficiency, second is delivering value added solutions for a growing set of customers and market segments, and third is investment in our long term customer and partner relationships.  As we embark on our new fiscal year I’d like to take a moment to thank our customers, partners, shareholders and team members for their continued support.  Let me stop here and operator I think we are ready for Q&A. 
Mark Durcan: You know, as always it’s a combination of mix and pricing, and both of those move around within ranges that are quite similar to one another, so part of the reason why we wanted to talk to you about an aggregate gross margin was in fact that both of those factors are things in some cases that we don’t control and in other cases that we do in response to the changing pricing environment, so we can’t really provide too much color on that or else it would sort of negate why we chose to go to this more broad based guidance across the company’s revenue stream. 
Mark Durcan: I think the ramp through fiscal year 2016 will generally lead to that trend. Certainly from a cost base, it’s not trying to forecast where the ASPs go from here, from a competitive cost position, yes.
Mark Durcan: So we’re early in the ramp of the TLC NAND. We’re shipping products this quarter to customers, but as we move through the first half of the year, it will be into the 20% range and we’ll see where it goes from there.
Mark Durcan: Let me add all the channel inventory in the market. Interestingly enough, in terms of DRAM market, except for one large channel player, the channel itself is pretty low inventory in the two to three weeks, and one larger channel player who in fact services a lot of the OEMs has more than that from the fulfillment standpoint, that’s the role that they play with these customers. So it’s not a significant inventory problem in the channel today. I think to extend the question a little bit, the PC demand, the PC ecosystem is also not as much of an inventory problem as more of a demand problem, and I think with new chipsets and new operating assistance and what have you, I think the buying side of the market has been a little conservative in terms of how they procured PC parts over the last three to six months, and I think it’s at this point, this could be interesting to watch how the next three or four months plays out in terms of the consumer and corporate behavior, because at some point they are going to start to replenish.
Mark Durcan: Yes. So I think it’s really important to sort of parse cost and pricing. If you look at what’s happening in the market, there is still a significant amount of data that suggest DRAM pricing continues to come down a bit and so that has an offsetting impact to the improvements and the operational execution. So we’re really focused on driving the operational execution and getting costs where as well as we can effectively manage costs to get those to that level and then the pricing environment we have to deal with.
Mark Durcan: Yes, okay. Well you know let’s just step back a little bit and think about – the marketplace has been weakened in PCs. We’ve seen pricing erosion there. It doesn’t take much of a shift in the supply and demand balance where your moving big numbers up and down and subtracting them to get a difference for the supply demand balance to swing from slightly over to slightly under supply. At the end of the day that’s the tough question that we’ve all got to try and figure out what the answer it.  But as we think about what our end markets look like in 2016, the products we have and the customer interest we have, we think that the market is generally going to be relatively balanced and we think we have significant operational improvements coming on the pipeline. So that sort of underlines the commentary we’re giving you and we’re trying to give you a view as to how we think that’s going to balance out in the quarter ahead and its close to flattish gross margins quarter-over-quarter based on our guidance and we just have to go from there and see. We’re all trying to figure this out together.
Mark Durcan: Yes Doug, we commented on this last quarter. It’s still mid to high single digits impact in fiscal Q3 as we realized the sort of the transition to the updated 20 nanometer technology coming out of Inotera.
Mark Durcan: That’s right. It’s just DRAM and that’s just on the Inotera output. The fiscal Q3 is the role and the time the contract kicks in at the beginning of the year, but there’s a lag effect in terms of when it flows through our financials and that’s just the best time to look at it, because that also happens to be in the 20 nanometer output.
Mark Durcan: Let me take that one Doug. So your right, we’re going to play this by ear, right, in terms of the planer TLC. As Mark mentioned there is a sort of resurgence in interest in our high quality MLC offerings for enterprise and high inclined applications and so we’re just going to have to see how we dial that piece.  You’re also right that we said our plan is to have the majority of our 3D NAND on TLC in short order. It’s still a new technology, it’s still ramping and I think it’s probably a little premature to try and predict what that looks like in the 3D TLC, what that mix looks like in the first half of the year.
Mark Durcan: I think its important Monika, again its Mark Adam. I think it’s important to make a distinction here. Directionally your characterization of our SBU margins are correct, but I would also suggest on a relative basis to our competitors, our SBU business has held up quite nicely relative to where we were 12 months ago and I mean that because there’s a number of different market segments that the team has developed and cultivated that we feel will continue to benefit as we get some of the tailwinds in place that we described in the back half of ’16.  So, it’s a long winded way of saying I expect that on a relative basis we get more competitive in ’16 and that our overall performance in SBU will improve based on a number of the elements we’ve talked about, whether it be TLC or vertical and some of the higher end enterprise type products that we described.
Mark Durcan: Again it’s Mark. We can’t predict the ASPs and the margins for you. We are just telling you what we generally see and then you got to layer in that obviously we are pretty bullish on what we are doing internally and our operational improvements that will play out through the year. 
Mark Durcan: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Hemmelgarn with Barclays. Your line is open. 
Mark Durcan: I’ll see your different tact, with my different tact, how is that? More broadly the technology, we see in a number of different end market segments both in current application environments and in some kind of innovative new areas that might drive some new development on just solutions and technologies to address markets.  The type of markets that we see, 3D Cross Point benefit from are either super high end gaming applications, which could be for just more real environment 8K type applications and provide the exact gaming performance that doesn’t have to flush out to a different type of storage media. It all could be done in 3D Cross Point. Another good one would be super high end and reliable system storage, enterprise storage applications.  We think as far as emerging application development, we think the technology lends really well to medical diagnostics for example, where the instantaneous response time of symptoms going in and research data analysis coming out, what that might be as a real world application that could benefit from Cross Point. So these are type of markets that the technology fits and I think that it’s just a quick summary of few that are of interest to where the market can drive this technology. 
Mark Durcan: Well I think the big, you sad something there as how much can compute seasonality effect and it depends on how you see the compute market. What I mentioned earlier was some of the environments that consumer similar capacity like the very low end part of the server business has some pricing pressure. Notwithstanding all that margins held up pretty well.  So my interpretation to your question is that PCs rebound somewhat and we are not talking about a wild rebound, but they rebound somewhat going into the holiday season. That could have a positive impact on overall pricing in the market. But we think that the diversification of the end markets lends well to relatively stable pricing in margin as Ernie highlighted. 
Mark Durcan: Well, I mean mot more than what we’ve talked about in the past, which is we have these end markets that we have developed, product strategies and by shifting some of the capacities away, it relieves some of the pressure in one area and the interesting thing overall about DRAM which we haven’t really talked a lot about is some of these newer categories LP4, DDR4, some of these categories actually take or have a limiting effect or reducing effecting on overall wafer production in the industry. And so as these categories take off and grow, we are of the opinion that that could have a stabilizing effect too. 
Mark Durcan: Well I think the PC is about where it’s been. I can’t advertise there’s been a major uptick in PC demand. The only data point that I would say that is new for us is that as we sit today the relative channel inventory in PCs is not a huge burden to a recovery. I think that it’s too early to tell what consumers and even in the corporate environment are going to be doing through the holiday and through the rest of the year. So I can’t give you a great sense of what’s going to play out other than the inventory validation of what we see in the channel and that’s true not only for end units and PC. It is also overall true for PC memory relative to where the pricing pressure has been. So I don’t think it’s going to take a wild shift in behavior for PC environment to stabilize. It’s just, it’s probably too early for the holidays to see that.  On the mobile side, despite what we’ve read in the media about slowdown in China, which in fact is somewhat true, there seems to be an offset in two areas. One of which is that memory content in phones continues to move upwards, which is more broadly positive, as well as you know despite the high end and mid range SmartPhones in China, the entry level SmartPhone which are really configured to be pretty good density configurations are still in pretty good shape, coupled with other emerging markets.  So we continue to be bullish on the mobile market and the team’s performance has been pretty good. When you think about some of the areas that we’ve shifted to mobile, networking and automotive, the net of it all has been that we’ve been able to keep our margin in a relatively healthy place and continue to monitor that. 
Mark Durcan: It’s difficult to necessarily forecast, because we’ll keep adopting our overall approach as the market conditions weren’t. But if I were to kind of categorize how we see it today, we think mobile and generally will concern more than where we sit today.  We see PC on the consumption side of memory flat to down somewhat just based on the overall market demand and trends that we see. In general we think other embedded markets will only increase given automotive gaming and the launch in growth of the IoT end segments.  Networking and server are very interesting because what we’ve seen in the trends and those two markets are, as much memory as they can get in they will put in and as technology and configuration allow us, DDR4 will drive pretty high growth in terms of memory consumption.  So when you hear us bullish on the overall demand of the end markets, as with good reason memory consumption is really driving either reliability performance or really new market applications and in the DRAM segment we continue notwithstanding of the PC business, we continue to see growth across the board. 
Mark Durcan: I think that’s true. I think a year ago we might have said that. As things have played out, the low end of the SSD market where a lot of the volume units go, that’s turning to be a bit of a blood bath and in the NAND environment and the TLC pricing, it was just not something we were going to fight with our MLC product when we can go shift that to other market segments.  Secondly, as we think about the mobile business, the mobile business at Micron had a great year in NAND, tremendous growth ’15 over ’14. So we are going to continue to optimize around returns and market attractiveness and between some of the competitive pricing, as well as the growth in mobile we altered our strategy mildly and I think with TLC and with our instance in the vertical, I think you will see SSD has become more prominent, because we think we are going to be in a better position to compete with the rest of the market. 
Mark Durcan: Well, that was a pretty good question in and of itself, but there is a lot there. I think that yes, we filed a media, we saw the quotes in the press and all that stuff. We did see some very short term improvement on pricing at the end of mid to the end of August and even early this September. But it kind of has since, we’ve seen some softness again, some mild softness off of the high and so we are just tracking that as we look at it and see where it goes from a demand standpoint, if there is any improvement to holidays.  But when you talk about the other markets and I think the question your asking is what happens when you continue to shift. Is there a danger of over supplying the other market segments and while it’s hard to predict that the data set that hasn’t happened today and we don’t sense it and we don’t see it in the market at this point.  Mobile has been pretty stable despite the mix move and I think a lot of that is because the market probably didn’t have an appreciation six to nine months ago on what mobile densities will be doing and in fact you have seen tremendous growths not just in the low end, but across the SmartPhone segment on DRAM content.  So we don’t think its dramatic, we have very positive signs on industry supply, potentially slowing over the next year or so, but we got to wait and see how that comes out and checks out in terms of the market. But as far as demand, we are very upbeat as you’ve heard on the call today about some of the end market trends we are seeing and our ability to drive our technology there. It’s really a byproduct of this PC environment and again that rebounded and then create more balancing over all in the end markets. 
Mark Durcan: Yes Mark. It’s still tracking pretty well with what we indicated at the Analyst Day, ahead of original plan and we like the way it’s going. We think you may start to see small impact in fiscal Q2, but really it’s a fiscal Q3 story. 
Rajvindra Gill: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just I guess a follow-up on the gross margin. I am trying to get a sense of why gross margins are coming down and if some of these things that you talked about are stabilizing, for instance more rational environment and in more in 20 nanometer, some stabilization in the pricing.
Rajvindra Gill: Yes, I’m just trying to square with what you’re saying in your outlook, in your slide deck. You basically are saying despite recent softness the PC DRAM market continues to see healthy end market demand and the demand environment just stabilized as we move into calendar ’16. So this means like while there is some hint that demand is stabilizing or some stabilization across the board the more you continue to drift fairly well. So I’m not very clear on why that’s happening.
Rajvindra Gill: Okay, great. And just last question on the cost side. Some of the cost headwinds that you experienced this year, they really should become tailwinds in 2016 and I was wondering if you can talk about some of those potential tailwinds and any thoughts on the shift to DDR4 and server, the shift to mobile overall and within mobile the shift to LPDDR4. These are all things that could potentially be tailwind once costs are normalized. So if you can maybe talk about some of those specific things that would be helpful. Thank you.
