Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Ernie. As we close out calendar 2017 and look to 2018, we see increasing opportunities for Micron to play a larger role in the technology trends shaping modern life. We will be hosting an analyst conference in May, where we plan to elaborate on our view of these trends and how Micron envisions our technologies shaping the world in the years to come. We believe that our technologies, capabilities, and team talent place us in a unique position in the market. Memory and flash storage are strategic assets that put Micron at the intersection of the biggest growth trends in technology, and we cannot be more excited about our future. Our customers increasingly view us as an essential partner in early design discussions due to the differentiation our solutions can provide. We are focused on increasing this value, and I look forward to sharing the results of that focus throughout 2018. We will now open for questions. 
Sanjay Mehrotra: So in terms of the industry demand-supply environment, let me just say that, with respect to the industry supply growth in the calendar year 2018 we have said that the industry supply growth would be approaching 50%. While that is more than what the calendar year ‘17 supply growth is, it is in the range of 35% to 40%. The overall what you have to look at is the demand requirements. In calendar year 2017, of course supply has been tight, there has been pent up demand particularly in the areas of client SSDs and the client PC, notebook PC environments. The march toward high density SSDs in notebook PCs was somewhat slowed down given the overall tightness of supply in calendar year 2017. When I look ahead at calendar year ‘18, I see strong demand trends with respect to attach rate of SSDs and client PCs continue to increase the applications related to cloud and data centers, enterprise data centers continuing to drive higher average capacities usage in cloud and data center applications as well. And certainly mobile applications also the average capacities of NAND content continue to increase. And these are all increasing because of the trends, right? I mean, attach rate in notebook PCs in calendar year ‘17 about 35%, going toward over the course of next several years by 2020 timeframe getting to 75% attach rates. So lot of HDD that is still to be replaced with SSDs and same trends are continuing in all markets for NAND average capacities are continuing to increase. So the demand trends continues to be very robust flash, yes, more supply environment. But we are very focus on continuing to strengthen our product portfolio and increased our share with respect to SSD markets as well as with more managed NAND solutions to address the mobile markets. 
Sanjay Mehrotra: Yes absolutely, cloud and server, data center enterprise as well as cloud, data centers absolutely will continue to be the biggest growth drivers at large volumes for the DRAM industry and we have very strong penetration in these markets. And actually we do expect to continue to build momentum in these markets going forward.
Sanjay Mehrotra: It’s absolutely is. I mean, when you look at autonomous vehicles, they really are level 5, autonomous vehicles in the future are projected to have about 40 gigabyte of DRAM content in them. And when you think about it that is very similar to the average capacity that are associated with servers in the server workstations, right. So these cars will be really very powerful computers in the future and they are not only going to be driving tremendous amount of DRAM content usage, but they will also drive NAND flash usage. They will be generating using data to make millions of real time split second decisions to make sure that the passengers in the autonomous vehicles can be transported effortlessly and safely to their destination. There will be sensors from sonar to cameras that will be generating billions of signals and all of that data will have to be processed, accessed in order to make fast decisions. So you are absolutely right to note that this is really a secular trend here in front of us in terms of driving continued usage of memory and storage. Earlier we talked about cloud and data center applications and again those are growing faster than the rest of the industry, autonomous vehicles will be another big driver in the future.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And Micron is uniquely positioned with the strong portfolio of solutions both with its flash solutions as well as DRAM memory solutions to address these fast growing market trends.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So in terms of content per server I think 2017 if you look at flash attach rate it's about average capacity around 2,500 gigabytes. And when you look at projection over 2018 timeframe growing to anywhere above 3,000 gigabyte average capacity continue to march ahead by 2021 timeframe almost tripling from the 2017 levels well above 8,000 gigabytes as well. So that is on the SSD side, and similarly on the DRAM side, average capacity is continue to increase nicely there as well. In 2017 timeframe about 145 gigabyte per server average capacity estimated and industry reports are showing that by 2021 timeframe going to about 350. So, very strong solid and year-over-year increases not just in near-term, but again as I say these are secular trends here.
Sanjay Mehrotra: In the value added solutions category we count our SSDs in that and in fiscal Q1 we had really solid increase in our SSD revenues, we gained shares in the market as well. In the mobile space, managed NAND solution are also and discrete NAND solutions, we consider as value add as well. Our share in those markets today is relatively low, low single-digits, but we see tremendous opportunity as we are continuing to diversify our product portfolio. And as we execute on that product roadmap in the quarters to come, we expect to be gaining -- making substantial progress.  And of course in the DRAM side, applications such as automotive, such as graphics, high performance applications they all contribute toward the value add solution. We are not providing any specifics at this point. We'll discuss more details at our Analysts Day in May.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And let me just point out in response to your previous question that while we will provide more detail in May, but on a year-over-year basis, certainly we are increasing our value-add solution mix substantially and very pleased with the progress that we are making. Regarding your second question on DRAM, DRAM really is a strategic enabler today in diversity of markets and the mega trends we talked about whether it is data centers, cloud applications being the few for AI engine helping make decisions for various search algorithms as well as various activities in all verticals that are being pursued leveraging AI in mobile space as more and more applications go toward augmented reality type of features in mobile requires more DRAM, DRAM is highly strategic. Even in the future when you look at notebook computers, they will require the form factor and the low power aspect, even in PCs of LPDRAM in future years to come. So you see and of course we just talked about automotive as well. So now DRAM is addressing diversity of markets, I mean, several large diverse markets product portfolio meeting the needs of these markets is becoming differentiated and when that happens that always gives you stronger opportunities to drive profitable growth in that market. And our customers when we have an engagement with them, when we have dialogues with them they are talking to us how memory, DRAM memory is really now helping them solve the bottleneck in their applications. So DRAM today is very different, as I said many times before from the DRAM in the PC era only or when it was about just PC and mobile, today it is about many more applications of DRAM. And really providing a very strategic enabling role in creating all these applications that are truly transforming the world right before arrives.
Sanjay Mehrotra: We work very closely with our customers and we certainly work hard in terms of gaining visibility to their future requirements of DRAM and how their applications are shaping up so that we can make sure that our technology and product roadmap is adjusting their needs. And this varies from customer-to-customer. Some customers tend to be more on a month-by-month basis, some more quarter and some certainly longer term engagements as well. And you are right to note, that yes, I mean, the industry supply growing about 20% and demand likely to be somewhat higher, we do expect a healthy DRAM industry supply and demand environment and continue to work very closely to drive strategic growth of our revenue mix going forward.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I think the gain I would estimate today for DRAM as well are based on all the information from various sources and reports that we gather and we have put that here. I do think that even when you look at that estimates by other suppliers they are all pointing to fairly close tightly aligned industry supply growth estimate here. And -- but this is our estimate, we will as I said before for NAND same thing, we routinely look at this very, very closely. And just also remember that the technology transitions in the industry today certainly are becoming increasingly complex and they have greater capital intensity, as well as with the advance technology nodes you are actually getting less bits on a per wafer basis even at mature yields compared to prior generation nodes. Again given the scaling challenges increased complexity. So, all of these trends are actually increased technology complexity and increased capital intensity have a moderating effect on the supply growth.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I mean, we are certainly not projecting pricing for fiscal year ‘18 here. But again what I'll point to you is that if you look at the history of NAND, increased technology capabilities, technology advances which leads to cost reductions ultimately enable opening up of many new market application and drive the elasticity in many of these markets as well and drive the demand environment. So, I consider it as healthy if the cost declines are greater than the price declines in the industry, that's a healthy industry environment. And while we don't get into the projection of again when we look at all the demand drivers that are ahead of us, I spoke about it repeatedly in the call today multitude of demand drivers and in each of these large market segments again whether it is about could data center, enterprise data center, mobile, smartphones, client notebook, automotive applications all of these are continuing to drive strong demand trends for NAND flash application.
Sanjay Mehrotra: In terms of SSD share gain during the quarter, we believe we gained share both in client applications as well as enterprise and cloud data center applications. Really our products did very well there and at this point our offerings are with SATA drives and next year we will bring out our NVMe solution sometime during calendar year ‘18. And that should help us expand our portfolio and give us opportunities to continue to gain share in this market. And regarding our guidance that we have given you, of course we have certain assumptions related to total demand and our pricing assumptions are baked in there as well. But obviously for competitive reasons we do not get into discussion of pricing on the call.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So like you noted in order to realize the technology transition you of course do need space in your clean room to deploy the tools that are required to implement the advance technology nodes. So our fabs have had space here in terms of deploying the technology transitions for example in Singapore going from 32-layer to 64-layer and in the past in Singapore fab for NAND going from planer to 3D nodes as well. And similarly clean room space is something we look at very carefully for DRAMs as well because as I just said, I mean, more clean room space is needed for technology transition.  So as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we do continue to assess the scenarios that are needed for future technology transitions and have continue to assess our clean room space requirements. Fiscal year ‘18, we are not looking at any new wafer capacity additions, we are not looking at any new -- any meaningful new clean room space required to implement our technology transition plans in fiscal year ‘18. As I said in my remarks going beyond that we continue to assess various scenarios to implement the requirements for technology and transitions both in DRAM as well as in NAND. No plans firmed up yet, and as and when we look at it we will share these things. Remember any time you build a new clean room it takes several months to build -- construct the building and it takes few months than to roll in equipment into the new clean room and to deploy the equipment, qualify it and build products. So these are things that are to be looked at for the longer term horizon and we are evaluating those scenarios.
Ernie Maddock: And relative to the question about margins, I think there are two pieces of that. One, we are making progress toward a mix -- higher value added mix of solutions and those typically carry the opportunity for higher margins. Also we continue to make progress on the cost side with respect to increasing amount of 3D NAND, as well as TLC and you had a good quarter for cost reduction as well. So it’s a combination of both market facing with the higher value add solutions and a good quarter from an operational perspective relative to costs.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, I don’t think we have said that we’d reach that gross debt target in FQ2, we said by the end of our fiscal year. And so I wouldn’t expect that we would achieve that level in fiscal Q2. The tax bill, as we understand it would not necessarily change the priorities, which are always to continue to make sure we have the best technology we can in production and to be able to transition that at a time that make sense for us. And then for fiscal year ‘18, certainly getting the balance sheet in shape relative to these aggregate levels of debt.
Ernie Maddock: As we introduce 3rd generation 3D NAND, we would continue to expect that that technology of mature yield have or has favorable cost dynamics relative to 64 layer. We don't believe that it will have a significant positive or negative impact in our FY18 results as we will just be implementing that as we get into the last quarter of the fiscal year. So, it won’t be material enough either way to change the fundamental dynamics that we're going to see this year, which is largely driven by our 64 layer TLC NAND.
Ernie Maddock: So about 80% of our output for the quarter just completed was on 3D and over the course of the balance of fiscal ‘18 we would expect that number to grow to about 95%. We expect that we’ll have some measure of bit growth as we said each and every quarter we said it would be in the prepared remarks little more heavily weighted to the back half of the year.
Ernie Maddock: So of course in terms of projecting, our industry bit growth estimates here. We of course are taking into consideration our estimate of the ramp of 64-layer technology in the industry and our assumptions around the ramp of wafer production as well as yield ramp of that technology. And along with other mix of technologies in the industry as well, but you are right to note that the dominant factor of the supply bit growth in the industry will be with 64-layers here. And we continually look at our estimates and we review it based on all the intelligence that we may have, as well as we may collect from third-party reports we refine our models on an ongoing basis, and if we have any changes on this we will share them with you.
Ernie Maddock: I think that we will continue to prioritize the supporting our latest generation technology in production as we talked about for fiscal ‘18 clearly focused on getting aggregate debt down in that $8 billion range. Those things will lead to we believe overtime improved ratings. But I think how we think about deploying cash is not wholly dependent upon the achievement of any particular ratings grade. We just think these are things that will be worked in parallel. And at the appropriate time I think we are very open to thinking about broader uses of cash including shareholder return programs. So those do have a place in the hierarchy of thinking about uses of our cash. But until we get to the point where we have completed or substantively completed our work on this technology deployment and regaining cost competitiveness and also getting our aggregate debt levels to the -- to a level that we are more comfortable with certainly those will continue to remain our priority.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, don’t forget that the Compute and Networking Business Unit includes a wide array of products, which includes both clients but also includes data center, mobile -- not mobile but networking and other products as well. So it isn’t just a statement about the client compute environment and many of those sub segments within the Compute and Networking Business Unit we would also consider strategically important these are relationships where we have the opportunity to deploy both DRAM and NAND. And certainly mobile continues to be important.  So I wouldn’t necessarily presume that the margin performance out of our Compute and Networking Business Unit is largely driven by the performance of clients.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, I think Sanjay mentioned earlier the diversification of the DRAM demand stream and certainly that is also true on the NAND side. And in the context of that diversified demand stream, for example, automobile tend to be far less seasonal than the client PCs and if you look at datacenter deployments among all of the key players there are certainly a specific pattern for customer. But when you put them all together, there is no macro seasonality pattern that emerges when you look at that. So, as we've transitioned to these diversified demand drivers the concept of seasonality I think has been redefined and is perhaps less impactive on a quarter-be-quarter basis than it may have been in the past.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, I think the one thing I would add to that as well as if you think about our statements around industry bit growth which are approaching 50%; those would be associated typically with fairly healthy levels of cost reduction. We're not going to get into the specifics of what that might be. But it is important to remember that that bit growth usually would be accompanied by some good cost reduction as well.
Ernie Maddock: So this is Ernie. The 3D XPoint CapEx and any associated R&D expenses, the CapEx piece is embedded in our non-volatile estimates for the year, which we said was between 35% and 45% of our total spending. And as we look at that product we’re going to have to see how the markets develop, as Sanjay mentioned before we provide any broader perspective on that. 
Ernie Maddock: Yes, so if we’re framing the scenario in the future as we continue to see sort of marginally declining pricing environment couple of points per quarter or so I think there is ample room for gross margin expansion both as a result of our cost reduction as well as the ongoing transition to high value solutions, which would include redirecting -- continuing to redirect component sales into higher value added solutions as well as some of our partner contracts wind down over the course of our fiscal ‘18 and into 2019. So I think in that pricing scenario that you have set forth, we believe there is reasonable room for gross margin expansion.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, I think again the same general story with respect to continuing to move toward higher value add solutions. You heard Sanjay speak too for example increasing the breadth of our managed NAND offerings, if you look at server that certainly a very strong growth pattern here as well as automotive. So I think there are a number of segments where we would continue to expect to be able to optimize our bit output toward, that would give us the best gross margin opportunity. And of course even though our bit output growth is going to be lowering DRAM than NAND we would still expect to deliver some meaningful cost reduction there as I articulated in the prepared remarks.
