Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Dave. I would like to share the recent accomplishments that make me especially proud of our Company. Our strong Micron culture has played a significant role in driving our results aligned to our broader vision to transform how the world uses the information to enrich life for all.  Our Company culture, community leadership, and business performance have been recognized globally, earning multiple industry awards and recognitions this year. This month, we were ranked by Fortune as one of the top 20 best places to work in manufacturing and production.  The only semiconductor Company to earn this recognition. Fiscal '21 was an excellent year for Micron. As our fourth-quarter results clearly demonstrate, we are delivering strong financial results. We are planning to deliver record revenues and solid profitability in fiscal year '22.  Demand for memory and storage is solid across market segments. Industry trends like the broad integration of artificial intelligence into all computing, proliferation of the Intelligent Edge, continued data center growth, and deployments of 5G networks create new and expanding opportunities for Micron.  The importance of semiconductors to these markets is underscored by government initiatives to invest in domestic semiconductor production, both here in the U.S. through the chipset and in other countries around the world.  We're focused on building our technology leadership to deliver broad new solutions, that offer unique value to our customers. Our business is robust and we are energized to seize the opportunities ahead of us, as a truly exciting time in the semiconductor industry. We will now be open to questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I will have Dave comment on the second part of your question, and on the overall inventory question, I would say that by and large, inventory among our customers is in decent shape. Of course, we talked about the PC market, where due to semi-conductor component shortages, our PC customers, some of them are not able to fulfill all of their end demand, and therefore they have made some adjustments in their purchases, impacting some of our demand in the near-term into the PC market.  And we think this is short-lived, and over the course of the next few months, this will work itself out. And on the smartphone side, of course, you know that new full-cycle, new full launches are coming up, and this tends to be a seasonally strong quarter for new smartphone shipments as well.  While some customers may because of geopolitical considerations or through the lessons learned during the pandemic, or their own supply chain considerations of supply chain shortages, maybe having a strategy of carrying more inventory than some other customers. Overall, the smartphone market continues to be driven by 5G transition smartphones over the course of calendar year '22 with 5G increasing by 50% from the 2021 levels.  And on the data center side, of course, the investment cycle is strong on the data center side, and of course, the pandemic has driven strong acceleration in digital transformation, and that certainty extending into the cloud, cloud services, video streaming, e-commerce, all of these trends, along with new architectures, new processors that are being introduced that actually enable greater AI capability into the workloads and greater usage of data attach of memory in the servers.  All of these also are creating new demand, so overall data center inventory levels are also in decent shape. So, what -- inventory in our markets today is in much better shape than it was back in the 2018-time frame.  Again, some customers may have higher levels due to their strategic considerations and they may choose to continue to do so in the longer term as well. Given the challenges faced by the supply chains during the pandemic, as well as given geopolitical considerations. This is what I would like to share with you on inventory and Dave; you can add a second part of the question.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So, the Harlan -- you are right to note that some of the controller shortages are there with respect to FSD, and particularly impacting the data center FSD. We also have certain shortages of analog, ICs. And these shortages are impacting our ability to ship to the full demand level that we are seeing from the customers.  And if you look at controllers, some of the analog ICs as well as in general, the overall supply chain is running tight. And we have done a great job by our supply chain team in addressing these needs in the past and they continue to work on securing the supply for the future. And we would expect that over time, this will get better.
Sanjay Mehrotra: With respect to pricing, we do not provide comments on pricing, but you look at our FQ4 of those and of course, we reported that both for DRAM and NAND in FQ4, pricing increased. And you are right to note that our gross margin guidance for FQ1 is strong. In fact, same, as Dave earlier pointed out, as our FQ4 guidance was at the time of our June call.  And as you look at not only just FQ1 for fiscal year '22, we're projecting a record year for the Company, with solid profitability for the full year as well. And just remember the pricing is always a function of the mix overall as well.  And with respect to your questions around PC, again, as I mentioned, the PC customers have been impacted by their own semiconductor shortages and their supply chain constraints. Their end demand -- their end-user demand is very strong. In fact, they have an unfulfilled backlog. Generally, among these customers, which is quite extensive.  And you know that even in the PC industry, while prices have gone up if the customers are able to maintain a strong backlog that speaks to the end strong demand. It really is all driven by work from home, learn from home, that demand acceleration that has taken place through the pandemic will continue to support a healthy environment for PC in calendar year '22 as well.  Of course, in 2020 and 2021, PC has gone through a double-digit unit growth on a calendar year basis. We expect that to moderate in calendar year '22 to perhaps from flat to low-single-digit year-over-year growth in terms of PC units sold, yet it will be a healthy market.  Again, driven by the trends, such as the economy's opening, businesses opening, workers coming back, that drives a greater mix of enterprise PCs, commercial PCs. While some of the consumer PC, such as Chromebox, maybe -- compared to last year, maybe less than demand today. But the commercial PC demand is getting stronger as well.  So overall basically -- continues to be a healthy market and we work closely with our customers and today they are really constrained by their supply chain shortages. And that's what is adjusting their purchases. And as I've said before, we believe this is going to be short-lived.  And we look forward to continuing to support our customers with our products. And as we highlighted, our new technologies, new products, [Indiscernible] for transitions, PC customers are qualifying them fast and we are focused on delivering those in calendar year '22, as well as fiscal year '22-time frame.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Within the data center both for DRAM and NAND, demand trends would be strong. In fact, data center today has become the largest market for DRAM and NAND, and will continue to grow faster than the average of the industry, both for NAND and DRAM in the foreseeable future as well.  So, it's really being driven at the trend of AI driving a greater need for memory in addressing data-intensive workloads. The BOM is going from about the memory and storage part of the BOM in the servers in data centers is going from about 30% a few years ago to around 40% now, and going to 50% in few years’ time frame as well.  And new architectures, new processors, are enabling more cores, and then more cores mean more memory attached per core, therefore, greater gigabytes per server for DRAM, as well as for NAND. DDR5, is a transition that will be occurring towards the course of the next couple of years, as well as new CPUs, get launched into production.  And DDR5 is a higher bandwidth solution. Of course, enable more value, higher performance in the applications. So that adoption will be going on, and over the course of the year is, of course, CXL and HBM, these ultra-bandwidth solutions. These will also be continuing to grow in the data center space.  So average content per server for both DRAM and SSD will also be growing over 20% on a CAGR basis in each of these applications. So, a strong opportunity ahead, and Micron is very well placed with respect to our own product portfolio in terms of SSDs displacing HDDs, in terms of us providing higher density memory modules for server and data center applications.  So as the cloud gets bigger, the data center market gets bigger for us, and we are very well-positioned. And this is an area we are focused on and continue to focus on expanding our product portfolio, particularly on the side of the data center SSDs. So, we look at this as a strong growth opportunity for the industry, as well as for Micron.  The value that memory and storage solutions providing in this space, is really critical for the services that our cloud customers are providing, and just keep in mind that enterprise as well while it grows at a slower rate compared to the cloud, we are seeing a resurgence in enterprise applications as well driving for overall healthy demand trends in data centers in Calendar year '22, Fiscal year '22, as well as beyond.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Actually, we are doing very well with respect to ramping up these new nodes in production. Right on our plan in fact, in terms of yields ahead of our plans, I highlighted that the yields in these 176 layers NAND as well as 1-alpha DRAM, have ramped 20 to 30% faster than our prior 1Z generation node and the prior FG node, the last FG node.  And customer qualifications actually are going very well that these nodes, as well as I, mentioned earlier, that we are already shipping our 1-alpha in the PC space, as well as broadening its shipments to other parts of the markets as well. In fact, customers are working closely with us in qualifying these projects.  176-layer NAND-based mobile product went are from just introduction to 1-million-unit shipments in a record time. Fastest RAM in the history of the Company. So, with all these norms in production, as well as in terms of deployment in the marketplace are doing very well for ourselves. And, of course, this is all baked into the guidance that we have provided in terms of our revenue, as well as our cost expectations.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So with respect to the comment on the short-lived just to be clear what I was mentioning was that with respect to the PC part of the market where our customers, some of our customers in the PC market, have experienced semiconductor shortages impacting their decisions on purchases of memory, that's what I was mentioning short-lived because their end-user demand on PCs is still very strong and lot of unmet demand that actually stretches the demand over time and make the demand longer, stronger for longer.  But my comment regarding short-lived and adjusting it in the next few months was related to the PC part of the market and outside of that, in other markets, as we discussed earlier, we see strong demand trends, strong end-user demand trends.  And of course, the supply chain shortages that are being experienced in PC, are also being experienced in other parts of our markets as well by our customers. Whereby, of course, different customers handing them an overall different fashion, but the underlying demand trends are driven by AI and 5G from the data center to the Intelligent Edge, to the user devices are strong, they are circular in nature.  COVID, further accelerated it, semi-conductor supply chain shortages are only stretching the demand out as -- because some of the demand gets pushed out. So, as I said, making those demand growth drivers actually stronger for longer as well. So, you can call it pent-up demand, but that's what I'm referring to.  So, on the demand side, things are here overall strong on the supply chain aspects. Of course, this is something that the lead time in the semiconductors is long, and this will take several quarters to continue to improve. Parts of the semiconductor supply chain have already seen improvements. Our expectation is that these will continue to improve as well over the course of the coming quarters.  Also keep in mind that our industry, the memory industry, over the course of the last couple of years has stepped into the inventory to ship beyond the supply growth. And this is a phenomenon that has occurred across the industry, certainly you're seeing that how Micron has brought its inventory to the leanest level in many years, in fact, below our target inventory levels. So, this is something that is common to all suppliers in the memory industry.  And as we look ahead, the supply growth will not only have to meet the customer requirements, but it will also have to replenish the inventory that has been taken to such low levels, inventory has to be replenished in order to make sure that we are able to service our customers and meet their demand requirements, which from time-to-time change.  So, these are all factors as well, very lean levels of inventory by the suppliers, as well as need to replenish that inventory will drive for a healthy demand-supply balance in calendar year '22-time frame as well. So yes, some of this is in terms of our own supply chain shortages and some that are being experienced by our customers.  We expect to be addressed over the course of time and some of these shortages on the semi-conductor ecosystem may take through the '22-time frame. By the end of 22 maybe some of them will be [Indiscernible].  However, we expect them to continue to be improving through the course of time all the way through calendar year '22. But the demand dynamics of the underlying strong drivers and the supply dynamics that I discussed including the prudent CapEx investments that have gone on in the industry and the lean supply, all of this will lead to a healthy supply-demand environment in the industry.  So, it's really the combination of the demand drivers and their suppliers - supply capabilities and shipment capabilities, that combination, I think really sets us up well as an industry for revenue growth and strong profitability in '22, and of course, we have projected based on our expectations, that we will have record revenue in fiscal year '22 and solid profitability as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Again, keep in mind that our inventory is very lean. It is at the leanest level and below our target levels, and that is impacting some of our ability to meet the demand as well. And overall, our projection of this, the respect to FQ1, is really a function of our own supply chain capabilities in terms of where our inventories and what we can ship at this point to the customers certainly impacted by some of the component shortages, non-memory components shortages that we are seeing in the marketplace as well, and our assessment of overall demand.  And the main thing there is really is around the PC, where some of the demand is impacted. But overall, when you look at our guidance for FQ1, which takes into account any aspects of seasonality as well. But the guidance for FQ1 at this midpoint is about 32%, 33% higher than the same quarter last year. So, our inventory capability is also overall impacting some of the ability for our customers, in terms of what we can ship.
Dave Zinsner: So just as a reminder, we look at our optimal level of inventory, we like to see it be 100 plus in terms of days, we can operate slightly below that. We're definitely below the optimal level, it's at 94 days. I'd say the -- for us we never like to see it go is below 95 days.  And so, we think we will make a little bit of improvement next quarter on -- in terms of days, it will probably be up a few days. But I think it's going to be still below that 100-day figure. As we look through the year its -- assuming we can make some progress on inventory. We think we can get it more into, what we would call the optimal stage, which is 100 to 105 days of inventory.  Probably going to exit the year somewhere in the 100 days of inventory. As we already talked about, finished goods inventory is really where we're particularly lean. And we do have to make some progress in that space to get ourselves into a better position. But overall, I would say the back half of the year will probably be in the optimal range.
Dave Zinsner: Okay. Let me start with the near-term outlook. I would say the cost declines for the November quarter are going to be pretty minimal. We obviously are getting a benefit from both our 1-alpha node and our 176-layer node in NAND. But we are running into some cost headwinds as it relates to the back end mostly a function of the pandemic and the disruptions that are caused to the supply chain and so forth.  And actually, both NAND and DRAM comment quite honestly. So, no specific direction either way on DRAM and NAND. As it relates to mixing, we have a range, it can go a couple of different ways obviously. But there could be a little bit of a mix shift between DRAM and NAND that could impact where the gross margins end up.  Also, by business unit, we could see some mix shifts within the business units, which could impact our margins as well even down to the product level. So, it's hard to call within a couple of 100 basis points, so that's why we gave this range, as I've mentioned, in the prepared remarks. It's pretty similar to the range we gave back as the same that we gave in the prior quarter.  So, we're roughly seeing things pretty similar to what we saw in the fourth fiscal quarter. And I agree with you, these are great gross margins, we're pretty happy with them. The operating margins that this generates are in the mid-to-high 30s, we're expecting something similar for the First Fiscal Quarter.  So, I think we're executing very well on the profitability side of the business. In fiscal '22, we do expect really good cost declines on the front-end side for both DRAM and NAND. Again, a function of 1-alpha in DRAM and 176-layer in NAND. When we look at kind of longer-term cost declines for DRAM, we see them as being with the high-single-digit percent cost declines for the industry.  We think from a front-end perspective for DRAM, we'll do better than that next year. On the NAND front, we see cost declines over time being more in the mid-teens and we think the 176-layer next year will drive cost declines in that range next year as well.  Obviously, 21, 22 will likely have these cost headwinds as it relates to the pandemic and the supply challenges, so those things might impact us in the first couple of quarters, but hopefully, over time, that starts to go away and we'll start to see the benefit also on the back-end.  We've made a lot of investment on the back-end to improve our cost structure and I think once we get behind this or get this behind us, I should say, as it relates to the pandemic, we'll start to experience a lot of the cost benefits that we've put in place on the back end as well. I'd also note that when we look at our cost structure today, and as we're looking into next year, all the way through the year, we think the cost reductions that we're seeing are very competitive with the industry.  And the cost headwinds we're seeing are very similar to the cost headwinds that others within the industry, not only in memory but also across the entire semi-conductor space are seeing. So, we think this sets us up for, as Sanjay mentioned, very good profitability for next year. And I think that pretty much covers it.
Dave Zinsner: [Indiscernible] I'll go through the CapEx for you. So as Sanjay mentioned, and as I reiterated, we expect CapEx to be in the 11 to $12 billion range. We were roughly a little bit less than 10 billion, $9.7 billion in fiscal '21. If you look at it by the element of CapEx, we are going to invest more in pilot enablement this year.  Last year was a relatively low year for us in terms of pilot enablement. So that's going to be a reasonable step-up in our CapEx spending. We feel CapEx equipment in DRAM will be down year-over-year. We think we've made a good investment in fiscal '21 and we don't need to invest as much in fiscal '22, so that will be down.  NAND will actually step up pretty meaningfully in fiscal '22 versus '21, if you remember, we took CapEx, way down in fiscal '20, boost it up a little bit in 21. Now we're up to kind of a full investment level in '22 to support 176-layer. And that was caused because of this transition from floating gate to replacement gate when we made a pause in terms of our CapEx investment to get the first line out at relatively minimal levels.  Back-end, we should be up a bit in back-end spend as we make -- continue to make investments on the back-end to put that cost structure into better places I intimated before. We've been making investments to improve our cost structure there. The cleanroom will be down a little modestly.  And, of course, we have EUV spending that also will impact our CapEx in fiscal '22 as well. One other thing just to remind you, so we will be 60% of our CapEx weighted to the first half, probably 40% to the second half. So, this was similar to what we saw in fiscal '21. We're likely to see in fiscal '22, which is our -- haven't --is been our typical pattern over the last couple of years.
Dave Zinsner: Forget that again. It's all from no transitions, we're not adding wafers. We don't see, for the foreseeable future, adding wafers in either DRAM or NAND. In the next few years, we might be adding wafers in DRAM as Sanjay mentioned. But NAND, we think we can continue with no transitions to support the growth.
Dave Zinsner: We roughly are holding about did the 30s as a percent of revenue in terms of liquidity, but $2.5 billion of that liquidity is our unused revolver, so cash is obviously less than that. We obviously have more liquidity than we need, which of course is a good opportunity as it relates to the buyback. As I mentioned, we're also going to receive $900 million from the sale of our Lehi Fab that also can be utilized for returns to shareholders.  And we are expecting healthy free cash flow in fiscal '22 as well. And so, we'll be able to leverage that. We've committed to return at least 50% of it in the form of dividends and buyback, mostly buyback.  And we could obviously go higher than that. Our authorized plan, we still have $6 billion left in our authorized plan for repurchases. And if we see the stock be weak, which of course is how we viewed it in the Fourth Quarter, we'll be aggressive about buying back stock.
Dave Zinsner: Yes, sure Tim. So cost declines are going to be relatively muted. Remember that. There will be some mix changes that might impact gross margin to bring it down somewhere within the range that we gave.  Obviously, the rest is a function of pricing, and you have to infer what you can't out of pricing. Obviously, if the mix is the predominant factor in driving gross margin, pricing and cost will not be major factors in driving gross margins. Maybe that's the best way to say it.
Dave Zinsner: Well, to be clear, 1-alpha and 1z, we've hit crossover 136, we hit at the end of the year. By the way, benefiting us from a cost perspective, it's hard to see it may be as much just because we're getting a little bit impacted obviously on the back end, which is impacting the cost declines.  But next year, we do anticipate that both of them will drive good cost reductions for us on the front-end side. So, they will be good. Good notes for us in terms of cost structure and I think we'll see that from a front-end perspective every quarter.  Again, I think the first couple of quarters, may not be as noticeable in our cost per bit calculations because of this, more of a headwind on the back-end side of the cost structure. But after we get behind that, I think you'll see that show up on the cost per bit basis as well. The only other factor will obviously be mix as well and we're going to drive like heck, to get our mix to be more -- to be a richer mix of higher-value products and -- which is always our goal.  And of course, with higher-value products, you get higher costs, but higher profitability, higher gross margins. So that's a good strategy, but that also kind of distorts the picture and will distort the picture over the course of the year as well.
