D. Mark Durcan: Thanks, Kipp. I’d like to start today with an overview of the key developments during the quarter and a few strategic and industry updates, then I’ll turn it over to Ron for a financial summary and before turning to Q&A, we’ll close with Mark Adams covering more details of our business units and operations performance and market conditions. : In NAND, we had another quarter of strong unit growth in the SSD segment and took advantage of improved market ASPs generally. We remain focused on making capital and segmentation decisions to optimize margin and free cash flow over time. As you have noticed in the release, revenue in the quarter was up about 12% with strong growth in both DRAM and NAND. Gross margins were also up significantly from 18% to 24% highlighted by DRAM, which was up over 16 percentage points for the quarter. Trade NAND margins improved by about five percentage points and still represent our highest margin product category followed by DRAMs and NOR. : We believe the customer demand and margin opportunity in NAND over the next 12 months coupled with a highly attenuated capital investment relative to Greenfield capacity make this a sound financial decision. A measured transition will likely occur over the course of the next year or so depending on market conditions as we continue to monitor the demand and margin profile of our various products and segments. The impact of this conversion will be included in the guidance we provide. During the quarter, we closed on the previously announced sale of our 200 millimeter image sensor fab in Avezzano, and took another step to streamline our operations through restructuring our R&D relationship with STMicro in Agrate, Italy and also discontinued operations of our LED pilot line in Boise. We will continue to look for opportunities to improve our operational structure and performance including the wind down of some remaining 200 millimeter capacity as we migrate more products to 300 millimeter. We made good progress towards closing the acquisition of Elpida and believe the principal hurdles to closing are mostly resolved. We’ve obtained regulatory clearances, bondholder challenges of a planned reorganization in Japan have been denied, and the waiting period for challenges for the recognition motion in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court has expired. As a result, we are optimistic the closing will occur during our fiscal Q4. Elpida financial performance has been strong in recent periods and continues to improve reflecting a strengthening DRAM market, as well as Elpida strong mobile DRAM presence and operational improvements. During last quarter, Micron and Elpida entered into a joint development agreement that has enabled more seamless integration of our technology roadmaps, and we are encouraged by the early productivity of the cooperation. Following the close, our overall trade memory wafer capacity will increase by about 45% from today’s level without impacting industry supply. This deal will provide significant revenue and margin leverage for Micron as we are positioned to benefit from low-cost scale, enhanced product and customer breadth, and improved operational efficiency. We believe conditions remain positive to continue the improvement in the memory industry. We’re forecasting DRAM industry supply up in the mid 20% range this year and lows to mid 20s in calendar 2014. For NAND, we are forecasting supply up in the mid 30% range this year followed by the low 40s in 2014. We believe this historically slow supply growth coupled with memory demand growth in mobile and infrastructure related markets such as smartphones, storage, and servers, creates a favorable balance. We’re well positioned to capitalize and look forward to driving possible growth in coming quarters. I’ll stop here and turn it over to Ron and Mark before returning for Q&A.
D. Mark Durcan: Glen, this is Mark Durcan. You know it’s not likely to happen in the short-term and that’s primary because there is a pretty significant difference in the mix that runs in Inotera today versus the mix that runs in other places. So you look at Micron DRAM today, there’s a lot of networking, server, consumer, gaming, products that aren’t necessarily found in Inotera that typically drive pretty good ASPs, but also maybe, not advancing to the leading edge node as quickly. So we’re not particularly concerned that the cost profiles don’t marry up. the other thing to keep in mind obviously is that going forward Inotera cost to Micron are going to track with the end markets and those are going to move over time. As we bring Elpida into the fold, we will have a wholly owned DRAM capacity that will be much more leading edge and cost efficient to service some of those more high volume markets.Glen S. P. Yeung – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Perfect. Thanks very much.
D. Mark Durcan: Yeah. I’ll let Mark address the specifics of more recent moves in the marketplace. But what I would say relative to PC and mobile DRAM pricing dynamic is that, obviously, there is a pretty significant price advantage for mobile DRAM earlier in the year, and as more bits have converted from PC DRAM for mobile DRAM to meet that rapidly growing demand, we’ve seen PC DRAM start to catch up. Eventually, these things are likely if the market position for us to equilibrate at an ASP that’s about different – about equivalent to the difference in cost sort of gross margins are neutralized between the two. And that’s probably where it’ll oscillate around here over the next couple of quarters as demand and supply, the people consuming the bits and people producing the bits, work out that equilibrium. And also say that’s a – that’s sort of a process we went through on the NAND, the discussion we just had as we think about SLC, MLC, TLC, 20-nanometer, 34-nanometer, what we are doing is, we’re optimizing gross margin, and whether it’s mobile to PC DRAM or MLC to SLC to 20-nanometer or 34-nanometer or 25-nanometer, we’re just optimizing gross margin based on customer demand.John W. Pitzer – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Thank you so much.
D. Mark Durcan: Actually, I gave you both years, for 2013, we now think it’s a little bit lower than our last calls. We’re now in the mid 30s with the rest of the market and it’s for 2014, we’re looking at low 40s.Brian C. Peterson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you.
D. Mark Durcan: The comments I made was just around some SSD and the web pipeline. And, obviously, there’s a whole lot of moving parts in the broad mix of our portfolio. So I wouldn’t draw that conclusion between DRAM and NAND; just moving parts in total. We are continuing to manage cycle times in our inventory and trying to improve all of those activities quarter-by-quarter, so some of that effect helps us as well.Doug Freedman – RBC Capital Markets LLC: And I guess, I’ll leave you alone after one last one, if you could, what are you seeing the inventory in the marketplace given the fact that pricing has been rising in both NAND and DRAM? Can you give us an update on what you’re seeing in the marketplace inventories? Thank you.
D. Mark Durcan: There is an appeal that’s on file now that I believe is heard again in about a year.Ryan C. Goodman – Credit Agricole Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Mark W. Adams: So I think the clarification I’d like to make is that the pricing trend you identified in NAND, I should clarify is really driven by a shift and a mix from SLC and MLC and some other applications. Now, we think as gross margin positive and we think the relative profitability is about the same.
Mark W. Adams: Sure. Ron had mentioned in his comments that the nature of the SSD business will provide some variance in terms of inventory levels and how we stage products for our strategic customers around SSDs. And when you get to a category that as I mentioned in my comments are up around 60% of our trade NAND capacity that will have a effect on the timing of the shipments.Joe Moore – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Mark W. Adams: Well, we still are pretty positive on that trend, James, this is Mark Adams again. We still are pretty positive and watching it, but at this point, we don’t see a shift away from that trend.
Mark W. Adams: Sure. I think I’ve mentioned in the past couple of calls, our strategy on controller development around SSDs and around NAND solutions in general has kind of philosophically been, we’re going to partner externally for entry level client type devices, consumer devices, and for some of the higher value add differentiated products, we’re going to invest in our own controller development and that’s pretty much played out at least to-date. For example, I referenced a PCIe Accelerator drive earlier in my comments, and that’s a controller that Micron developed in-house at their own controller scheme as well as firmware organization. Over the long run, I think you’ll see us add to those efforts and themes as we see more opportunities for differentiated solutions on the high end of the storage market. In addition to that, we see pretty good value, and doing so more on firmware and on eMMC solution for both the embedded and mobile market, but again, the way to think about it is kind of your differentiated higher end value add solutions. We’re going to try to do in-house with our controller and firmware teams, and on the entry level solutions, to be more along the lines of the third-party partnerships, maybe with their control in our firmware or totally outsourced.Mark Newman – Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay, thank you so much. That’s very helpful.
Mark W. Adams: It’s – that piece is pretty transitional and you’ve seen some of the impact as Ron alluded to earlier on, had an impact on both probably DRAM and NAND costs in the quarter we just finished and that will probably continue for another quarter and then we withdrew the overall manufacturing input back, but the actual transition will occur in the over four quarter period (inaudible).Doug Freedman – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay.
Mark W. Adams: Yeah, sure, Doug, this is Mark Adams. Overall, inventory looks pretty tight right now on both NAND and DRAM. We – sometimes when we head into the summer, you see a bit of a little low on the buying behavior of our customers. Quite honestly at this point in our quarter, we have not seen that and the demand signal seem pretty strong. There is rumors about accumulation and all that stuff, but we have not felt that at this point.Doug Freedman – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you so much.
