Ron Foster: Hey, Jim. It’s obviously a little hard to predict what they will do, but when we do our own competitive analysis, we – in answer to that question, we primarily I think focused on the debt structures. And if you look at cash to short-term debt, at least to what’s in the balance sheet right now, I think you will find that (inaudible) in all different categories so they don’t break it out in front of us to measure. But we feel fine that Micron (inaudible) has all other colors out for sale with cash on the book right now where it kind of (inaudible) in the next 12 months. The other guys all have challenges around that. So I think it’s true that – the two things I think, Jim, you ought to consider when you think about how this plays out. One is they have pretty big debt structures to deal with as a result of what’s happened over the last two, three years. And then secondly, when you think about where most of them are under technology migration, in particular the ones that have several more significant debt structures relative to their capital size, have some pretty big challenges in terms of migration in terms of technology node. So I still find it interesting that I made this comment on the last conference call that we had, earnings call that we had that it still remains the fact that there is no new memory fab under construction right now anywhere in the world. And that is the first time that’s ever occurred in my lifetime in this industry, and it’s still that way obviously several months later. So when you think about what can happen moving forward, clearly as you get into probably later 2011, 2012, it’s a little early to tell and it’s hard to predict what will happen with capital deployment. But from everything that we see right now, there are a lot bigger issues facing those companies and simply building new fabs. And it’s both the requirement that the – first and foremost, you will see companies try to advance their technology if they can do it beyond what they have to do in terms of debt repayment. So I don’t think there is anything in the near-term, Jim, that’s going to change that equation.
Ron Foster: Well, I’ll take the first piece, the inventory piece. We are not seeing any of that, and a lot of that has to do with just meeting the current demand in the market today. I stretch my head when I get asked that question given that people would have to believe one thing that pricing is going up to accumulate and enjoy today if they think it’s going to be higher in the future. And we’re – it's so tight right now that it’s hard to believe anyone has got a lot of extra inventory to ship in that dynamic.
Ron Foster: To restate what I early said, I don’t think there is an inventory build going on. It’s funny, if you look at some of the recent data about retail PC growth year-over-year, it’s pretty significant. Even if you look at the last three months reported somewhere in the 33% all the way as high as 50% to 57% in December and 27% in January, these are pretty big numbers in the demand side. And then you add in the corporate growth and starting to get invest it back in the PC upgrade model. We don’t think there is a lot of inventory build, to be honest with you. We think it’s pretty healthy demand. And again, I guess one could argue that February and March are typically not great demand seasons. I think we are in exception period around this industry [ph].
Ron Foster: This is Ron. I have previously communicated 850 to 950 for the year on CapEx for fiscal year ’10 and we are still on that plat of half the IMFS plan that’s going to have some amount of facilitization capital invested at the end of the fiscal year. That was contemplated in that guidance number. In terms of next year’s CapEx guidance, we are still working on the plan of the ramp of IMFS and is that timing and rate of that ramp. So don’t have an update for FY ’11. In general, it’s – I expect to be a little bit higher than fiscal year ’10 because of the IMFS ramp. But we will get it, I don’t think once we have a plan tend down.
Ron Foster: Yes. So if you look at and base the trade NAND and core DRAM, the margins are pretty similar today. So that’s – I guess that’s the point of comparison. We are doing really well on the NAND side of the business with the 35-nanometer and full production and 25-nanometer out in front of us, which will give us the bit growth I commented on in the third quarter in NAND. And the technology has really given us leverage on the financial side already at 35. So in general, we are pretty close to parity between the two.
Ron Foster: Well, that’s going to – we will have to know what the pricing is (inaudible) my calculation, and we are not trying to – we moved out of the business and forecasting pricing low long time ago.
Ron Foster: (inaudible) we are on a margin pricing model, as I mentioned earlier in my comments. And it’s a function of how the pricing is moving in the marketplace. As I commented that effectiveness in Q2 in the margin sharing formula that comes through our cost of sales and the trajectory would indicate some more effects in Q3, and then we get our share of the net income from Inotera on the equity method investment line of our P&L.
Ron Foster: We wanted to extend it out for the year rather than if you go back to the analyst meeting, we did put a chart up that said if you go from calendar Q4 of ’09 to calendar Q4 of 2011; we’re going to be down about 180%. But I can’t tell you the cost reductions accelerate throughout this calendar year as the shrink comes on play.
Ron Foster: This is Ron. Today we collect royalties on the legacy technology 68 and 50-nanometer technologies. We have that continuing to come through pretty much from our partner in Inotera and Nanya. Going forward, the arrangement is that there are payments that will term on the stack technology nodes going forward on a scale that we’ve mentioned in the past. We are evaluating with our partner how to deal with the structure of those royalty payments due to changes in Taiwanese tax law. We expect the economics will be the same, but we are working on the structure that’s more amenable from the tax standpoint. But the way to think about it is there will be a flow coming from stack technology over time.
Ron Foster: It will come in on the P&L, the landscape could be different depending upon what we do relative to the law changes.
Ron Foster: Timeline, when the production starts, we will have to have that structure resolved. And Nanya is actually starting up on their production of the stack technologies now. So some of that is just beginning to happen.
Ron Foster: There is really the couple of facts and the guidance on DRAM. One is that our cost per bit on the Micron bits is continuing to decline as it did in the second quarter, and we expect that to decline in the third quarter. In terms of the Inotera production, there are two factors. One is that the process is converting to our 50-nanometer stack technology. So as Steve mentioned earlier, there is some impact in terms of the startup costs, and that startup thing will affect us in the relatively short-term, third quarter namely. And then they will ramp into production and be driving that cost down exiting third quarter to fourth and onward. The other piece is that, as I commented in my prepared remarks, we have a margin sharing arrangement with Inotera, and so when Micron is making significant profits due to high margin, that is shared through a pricing formula with Inotera that raises our cost per bit of Inotera production. It actually affected us some in Q2, and I expect it will affect us some in Q3. But bear in mind that we have a minority interest share, which shows on our P&L on the – in the net income in a different location. So we get the benefit of Inotera’s profitability on our share. Also in our P&L, it just shows up in the equity method investment line and not coming through our margin line.
Ron Foster: The comment was that both NAND trade and total NAND ASPs were actually flat in terms of change quarter-to-quarter. Bear in mind that the Intel NAND is at cost, so it’s roughly going to be consistent so that the trade numbers and the total numbers moved in parity with each other.
Ron Foster: It does not – that is correct. It’s the total CapEx for all of our consolidated operations. So it does not include partner contributions for our Intel-Micron joint venture activities.
Ron Foster: Yes, it would reduce – that's exactly right. It would reduce our net cash requirements, but it shows up – but it doesn’t show up in the CapEx number. It would show up as a contribution from partners in our cash flow.
Mark Adams: Hey, Jim, this is Mark. We haven’t seen though, are we getting forecasted along with that. We kind of hear from the press and analysts that there might be that potential that we have not seen it. And I’ll tell you what; it’s using to take it off a lot of that to swing back into a supply problem.
Mark Adams: So as we’re sitting today, if we look back about a year ago that you were asking the same question, everything is going to [ph] go only higher. It’s going to peak out about 2.5 gigabytes per system. It looks like it’s going to be about 30% more or less. Right now, it’s in the mid-threes. So – and you can – if you look at kind of just pick up a Sunday paper and you look at the inserts, there is a lot more fours and eights than they used to be. And so I think constant to our opinion a year ago what might be in front of us is actually the reverse of what is being projected and that’s the only thing that’s changing now today.
Mark Adams: On Numonyx front, it’s doing pretty well. We are clearly working through integration plans and preparing for a close. We’ve received regulatory approval in a number of countries and we are still, we think, on target – the last time we said, I think, somewhere in the next 90 to 180 days, and from when we signed, which was in February, and we are still on that track. So we feel pretty good about it. And I would just add that the more that we interact with a company, I think the more excited we are about their technology and their products.
Mark Adams: I think one of the limiters to that has been the Inotera conversion to our stack technology, which will open up some more capacity to serve the server business. Our growth there is limited on available performing parts for that phase. And it still ramp up what I would say is our annual plan in the segment, halfway through the year. It’s just – the big growth in servers is staggering really. And so as we get to the Inotera conversion of the stack technology, we will have more server to out of the yields to not be able to increase our top-line revenue and growth in bit shipments and with segments.
Mark Adams: Yes. Well, we have a couple things going on. One is, (inaudible). First of all, on our specialty products, remember that we are not driving on cost reductions for bit on those products because they are higher margin, more customized and they could not migrate on the process technologies fast. So that’s part of our business. You won’t expect to see something more. And we are giving obviously an average figure for the quarter. Secondly, Inotera is in fact in transition, and we are currently utilizing bits out of that facility in two different range. One, as we go to states, primarily change product and it’s our normal technology, and then secondly, they are under-utilizing the facility in order to be able to prepare for the transition to Micron Technology. So even though we will have cost per bit reduction internally in Micron’s core DRAM business where it’s being counter-affected by what’s going on elsewhere. And that’s obviously a temporary effect, but that’s what we are going to experience for the next quarter.
Mark Adams: And on the ASP forecast, we typically don’t go and look out to the future (inaudible) quarter-to-date update. On the DRAM side, I commented earlier that it’s mid-single digits of our weighted average cost from last quarter, and on the NAND side, it’s basically flat quarter-over-quarter to where we are and then quarter-to-date.
Mark Adams: I think depending on the segment (inaudible) kind of scales differently but overall on a quarterly basis, we are seeing kind of DRAM bit growth in the low-to-mid double-digit percentage, 10% to 15% in that range. On the NAND side, little bit more elasticity towards the holiday season, but still low-double digits up to maybe 5% to 20% depending on again the segments we serve.
Mark Adams: We have not seen any build in our channel inventory. As a matter of fact, we left our last quarter probably lower than the prior quarter. I don’t have the numbers right in front of me, but we’re right around on average three weeks, and I think we’re slightly below that in the channel from that this quarter.
Mark Adams: In that three-week period, it’s well above [ph] that. And coming out of the holidays, we remained pretty lean in the channel. That’s why (inaudible) inventory still being tough to imagine right now.
Mark Adams: I think it’s that coupled with demands of our product line that’s gotten a lot of (inaudible) in the press. We launched a product at CES this year. And as I mentioned, we, last quarter, Q2, began shipping to some OEM customers, and we opened some of our allocation to how to choose the channel and our online website crucial.com. The results were phenomenal. And we are a little bit strategy constraint on available NAND for that product line. So – and (inaudible).
Mark Adams: This is – again, I wanted to qualify when you don’t – you don’t know what (inaudible) on demand. We guess that we were pretty tight. Crucial.com is at one data point sold out within two business days of the allocation we gave.
Mark Adams: Not a good picture today. I think we’re certainly increasing production, but don’t have a good sense at least to exclude that quarter yet.
Mark Adams: Yes. There is really – our guess is kind of the supply and demand questions kind of playing out right in front of us. If you go back and look at DRAM exchange in late January, one gigabit DDR2 component was under $2. And as recently as I guess yesterday, it rises up over $3 in the spot market. So it really is available parts in the industry, and people are trying to get as much as they can of these A-products out of the door.
Steve Appleton: This is Steve. With respect to the Intel partnership, we like the partnership. It’s gone well. We’ve continued to co-invest. Whether or not they decide to co-invest in future projects, I get to – you will have to ask Intel. We will make the assumption that our partners will inform. We’re going to keep moving that business forward. You asked a question related to that. What about the financing? What we would do in terms of the mixed signal for fabs and NAND? I will tell you, if you do the math and you look at the result of the company right now, we don’t see any issue with respect to being able to finance that CapEx. I think if your question is trying to get at, do we see a need to go to the markets here any time soon, the answer is no, we don’t. We have great cash flow. And right now, it looks pretty good for our ability to just to deal with it internally.
Steve Appleton: 25-nanometer will be significant although it will be ramping in the third quarter, and so it will be – it will post – it would be mainly post third quarter in terms of the big effect on cost down.
Steve Appleton: Sure. I’ll take the first part of that and then turn it back over to Mark Adams. We guided that NAND production bit growth should be up mid-to-high teens and cost reductions down high-single digits.
Steve Appleton: Well, I think the way to look at it in general is technology transitions, which is really what everybody is focused on today, primarily technology transitions, that’s been able to generate somewhere in the 40% range of the growth per year. Sometime it’s a little bit lower, sometime it’s a little bit higher. And that’s where we are focused on. Now some may – some occurrences are happening whereby as an example, we’re going from a 70-nanometer trench product to a 50-nanometer DRAM stack technology, and the acceleration might be higher in some instances around certain facilities. So if you look at kind of the industry supplied data, Gartner et cetera, you will notice that they are one of the lines of what you just said. They are all kind of running in this 40% to 50% range. And that’s probably about where it’s going to be. In order to get beyond that, you have to have new silicon. And we just still see new silicon at the normal (inaudible).
Steve Appleton: Yes. I’d rather finish rolling up. I’ve seen a lot of CapEx forecast that had either been cutting out or don’t materialize at all. So I wouldn’t – I don’t know how to interpret in aggregate all these CapEx forecast that some of these companies have. I will tell you that there has already been known by others that the equipment industry also has its own challenges in terms of these big fluctuations in CapEx requirements. And so we are somewhat mitigating the fact no matter what anybody wants to do, go through time as a result of the strength.
Steve Appleton: I don’t think – we are currently in, which is obviously our third fiscal quarter. Automatically, there will be much if any impact there. There might be some. I mean, we hopefully would get it close. But the way to think about is it would have an impact in our fourth quarter if we are able to close it before then, and we’ve already released what their prior quarterly revenue was. That is still the good numbers we have, and I think you should think about that being added to Micron’s revenue number for the fourth quarter. I’m feeling that we are able to close in that timeframe.
Steve Appleton: Well, we think our model is pretty leveraged. As we said before, we liked where we were given that we add facilities that are capable of being optimized, and essentially we are making the investments that we needed to make in order to move the technology forward. Remember that once we have Numonyx, obviously we have additional R&D dollars that will flow through there because they have R&D budgets they work on as well. The same for SG&A. Clearly, over time we will be able to flow through that and optimize the model. But – so I think the way to think of it is, we may on the margin have some incremental SG&A and R&D. And as an example, as the company continues to perform well, we will continue to have some additional SG&A just from our incentive comp programs and things that we have to do there. So – but there is nothing large on the horizon I think if that’s what you’re trying to get at. We will note any dramatic changes from the models there [ph].
Steve Appleton: I think your thought process is similar to others. We would have expected, as we said in the last quarter, to have our – we basically do the seasonality period. And the US economy, as you know, is kind of doing okay, but not fantastic. And I think we’ve seen strength in some segments that we didn’t expect to see. But the reality is the worldwide economic recovery and strong engine, we just don’t think happened yet. And we come through a reasonably strong seasonal period that then really turned out to be all that slow. And we are in a period now where at least historically there has been a momentum and interrupt through the fiscal season. So I will move out of speculation and price forecasting to others. But if you look at the economic fundamentals at the moment, I can understand why people are thinking like that.
Steve Appleton: Quarter-to-date it’s up in the mid-single digits. And as I mentioned in my comments earlier, the DDR3 remains pretty healthy. And we’ve been pleasantly surprised by a very strong DDR2 market, which I mentioned was at bit parity into the spot market versus DDR3 today.
Steve Appleton: So the NAND output today on 3-bit is relatively muted to less than 5%. The 34-nanometer NAND as a percent of total has peaked and is now starting down as we ramp a 25-nanometer NAND, and it really has been essentially 100% other than legacy demands for mobile devices, specialty devices, SOC type products.
Steve Appleton: Well, that trial has been delayed again, and I just don’t have any sense as to when that will occur.
Steve Appleton: Really we can’t discern between the two. And most of our guidance on bit growth incorporates all of those changes that we are seeing in the mix from our customers. So no particular commentary on a given microprocessor set.
Steve Appleton: Sure. It’s getting easier. The highest gross margin product continues to be specialty DRAM. And as Ron mentioned earlier, basically our core DRAM and trade NAND is right on top of each other in the number two spot.
