Mark Durcan: Thank you, Ernie. To summarize, we're entering our second quarter with a number of positive drivers across the business. The markets for both DRAM and NAND are healthy and improving and I'm pleased with our operational execution over the past several quarters. We will continue deploying leading edge technology and shifting our product portfolio toward higher value segments and products. Operator, we're now ready to begin the Q&A. 
Mark Durcan: No. Obviously we said all along that as we have full managerial control of the entity, we will have increased operational flexibility and the opportunity to potentially fine tune some of our management practices et cetera. We expect that overtime that will provide some modest benefits to manufacturing efficiency. All of those are baked into our overall projections on a go forward basis. And we don't anticipate breaking out individual FABs for you on a go forward basis. 
Mark Durcan: Micron did not actually participate in the gathering of tech executives that happened recently. Through our activities, our ongoing activities and engagement with government we continue to stay involved in all sorts of policies that we believe impact our business. But there is really nothing specific that we would have to say about how that transition is going or anything of that nature at this point.
Mark Durcan: On the DRAM front, we are very pleased with the product progress we are making, we have a number -- broad set of products that are supported by that 1x technology, its running in Japan as well as our DRAM FAB in Taichung and we have a number of mobile products as well as compute and server products all of which are progressing on schedule and we are quite happy with. 
Mark Durcan: Yeah, just to reiterate. We believe it will be significant late in the fiscal year in terms of the bit output, it’s a very significant shrink for us. So we are very excited about the efficiencies that it will bring to our operation, but its impact will occur later in the fiscal year.
Mark Durcan: We don't have great crystal ball as to where our competitors are doing. We read the same reports that you guys read. All of that plus all the other internal intelligence we can generate that baked into our ranges and in the data sheet that we provided. So I think there has been some chatter recently potentially about few incremental wafers from one of the suppliers.  Our view of that is if that were to happen, it's a relatively minor adjustment in terms of the overall scope of the bit growth that we're projecting and it would probably not cause us to change that range that we’ve giving you.
Mark Durcan: Yeah, so first of all let me say that comments that I make in the press are sometimes not in the full context of the discussion I had. And I think one of the things to think about in terms of what might or might not happen in China is that these things do take time. Our investment cycles take place over a periods of useful life of equipment of five years.  So we think in the long term when we think about investing in our business to make sure that we're being good stewards of the shareholders' money. But anything that would happen there is going to play out over many years. And having a crystal ball as to exactly how that will play out is difficult to say. Relative to what Micron has said about our interests in China, we have a great interest in doing business in China. We have large existing operations there including backend operations, circuit design, product engineering activities as well as software and firmware activities.  So we have a lot of activity in China already from an operations perspective. And we have a large number of important customers over there. So we stay fully engaged with China and continue to expect to have strong relationships there and grow our business. Relative to whether we would undertake any expansion or licensing activity in China. What we said is really as it has been which is our job is to look for opportunities to make Micron a stronger company. And we will continue to investigate lots of options about ways to generate shareholder value whether it's in China or in any part of the world.  And that’s just part of us being effective managers of the company. And we'll continue to do that and if we can figure out things that make the stronger we'll always consider that in terms of the long-term benefits and act accordingly.
Mark Durcan: Yes at the end of the day Joe it’s got to be adding up all the pieces right and having less supply than demand. I will say that as the end markets that we ship into continue to segregate and the product has to find its way into the right or the wafer have to find their way into the right product at the right time for the right segment.  Getting that balance exactly right segment-to-segment becomes difficult. And therefore I think it provides the opportunity for supply -- for pricing to react to changes in supply and demand in a way that’s I think is positive from a manufacturers’ perspective.
Mark Durcan: There is definitely a tail and it definitely exists for a long time. The question is how significant is that in terms of bits and what eventually will be the pricing in that long tail. I think that the planer bits are going to get squeezed out of a lot of the end market applications as we start to generate more 3D supply as an industry.  However, there will be a long tail it’s probably less than 10% of the overall market that sticks around for a long, long time and serves as very valuable niches. So it’s a matter of getting that balance right and making sure that you have the product -- have the right products in that in those lagging nodes so you can address the right market opportunities. 
Mark Durcan: Yes, it’s always tricky when you have customers with supply expectations making sure that you are making the right commitments that you can deliver on while not significantly over under committing. And there are lots of those segments that are sort of value add where you have to have long-term customer relationships where there is a certain amount of trust and I think from Micron’s perspective that’s actually an advantage for us.  Our customers like us, they want us to succeed, we have a long-term history of meeting our commitments. And so I think in this kind of environment that actually plays out pretty well for us. Some of the specific segments that are value add that are pretty important thing like graphics, we grew our graphics business pretty substantially this year. In many cases those are sole source relationships or two sources at most and a significant piece of the customers end products. And so those types or relationships I think are flagships for that kind of thought process.  Automobile also I think is another one where Micron has very significant market share deep relationships with the customers and a trust that we are going to be there for them with the right products as markets tighten up.
Mark Durcan: We have pretty good growth obviously in all geographies and with a lot of I think customers with the mobile business doubling. Some of that was with was with the market leaders but a lot of it was also was in China. So, e-MCP have been a great business for us, lot of that is in the Chinese value handsets and I don’t think we want to get specific in terms of percentages but I think it’s fair to say that we had strong growth in China as well as some of the high end smartphone manufacturers.
Mark Durcan: Yeah, I would say it’s tight there but product is moving around. Right, the industry is not static and what tends to happen as the market tightens up like this is people will sacrifice a little bit short term margin to move into segments that they believe are longer-term more advantaged. And so there is a little bit of that going on right now where perhaps margins might actually be a little higher in PCs, but people may shift production into servers because it’s viewed as potentially longer term more favorable or noble because its maybe slightly more defendable market share as things change over time.
Mark Durcan: First of at a level we're going to continue to outgrow the market in terms of bits like we talked about. And we're reducing cost at a faster rate than we have over the last three years. So that gap will continue to narrow with the forecast we've given you. Specifically relative to 110 series, yes it's a good shrink we have as I mentioned we've got a number of different products coming some of them are bigger shrink than others.  And we’re particularly excited about some of the ones that come later in the fiscal year that really drive out at a lot of costs in die size as appose to some of the ones that come earlier and fill value added potential segments or specific power or performance attributes that the customers are looking for. Beyond that I think it's fair to say that we should get good bank for the buck on this technology transition not only because it's a substantial shrink, but also because a chunk of it the large chunk of it’s happening in Taichung so we're actually transitioning capacity from 25 nanometer all the way down to 1x. So it's as we did with 20 nanometer in Hiroshima and in Inotera and a big chunk of that capacity at Inotera was doubled half from 30 nanometer to 20 nanometer. This will be a double half from 25 to 1x at the Taichung fab. And so there is a pretty good bank for the buck there. 
Mark Durcan: Yeah well, on full conversion I think of it as roughly doubling the bits for wafer and think of a cost down in the range of greater than 30%. So it's a big transition, but it's also as we mentioned will start to become significant until later in fiscal 2017.
Mark Durcan: Okay. And then on the DRAM front, I just wanted to find out if there is going to be any meaningful wafer capacity additions for Micron in fiscal '17. Is there a fab where you have some additional headroom for you to invest or should you invest in new greenfield? Thank you.
Mark Durcan: We're very focused on the technology upgrades that we were talking about with John a minute ago. That's where we have the biggest bank for the buck. We do have some clean room space around the network, but we have no plans to add new wafers this year.
Mark Durcan: Yeah it definitely will be in this quarter in aggregate we expect TLC to be greater than 50% of the 3D bits.
Mark Durcan: Yes, we are definitely plan to grow our share. As you point out the fact that our share is relatively small in those segments today means there is a lot of opportunity, we do have what we think is a much better product portfolio analysis there’s a lot of customer excitement and eagerness. And we think that we’re well positioned with long-term customers who really want to buy from Micron. So yes.
Mark Durcan: We've got as I mentioned earlier Kevin we've got a broad spectrum of products. We're trying to make sure we get as many of them qualified early in the ramp as possible this time and do a slightly better job than we did at 20 nanometer. So actually we have sort of mobile and compute products coming and then we have sort of additional cost reduced and broader market applications behind that.
Mark Durcan: Not really Mark. We've heard rumors along the lines of those that you're alluding to I believe. But we can't -- I can't validate those for you. Certainly in most market segments it's very, very tight. And anytime you have that and customers starting to get nervous about are they potentially getting a wind down et cetera. You always start to be concerned that people are just trying to get a little bit ahead of it build some inventory, I think that's only natural. I think we're doing a pretty good job of trying to allocate this product where it's absolutely most needed. And so I don't think too many people are building up too much inventory.
Mark Durcan: Well I think that part of what happened in the last latter stages of the last cycle where perhaps a little bit a miscalculation by one of the suppliers, but that they probably learned from so there is that. The biggest change structurally in the market though really is the fact that the products are going in a much broader set of end markets are much more broadly distributed now we’re three or four years on from where we were in the last cycle. And I think it does make a difference.
Mark Durcan: A question on export, is that. Not early no, the question was asked who we are ship to first, we are not tell you who we are going to ship to first, but longer term it’s storage, it’s datacenter and it’s mobile applications all of those. I think early on it’s pure additive demand from the overall memory market. So we get two or three years in and have more substantial ramp going on the cost reduction. Yes I think it will overtime cannibalize part of the DRAM business.
Ernie Maddock: We already had included the benefits of that since we took the 100% of the output. So it really represents no material change to anything we’ve provided previously. 
Ernie Maddock: Yeah, we don’t have any bit growth update for you relative to the two year CAGR that we previously forecast, we are still on track to sustain those numbers and trying to get down to quarter-to-quarter we think is less productive than continue to focus on that long-term productivity increasing trend.
Ernie Maddock: Yeah, so first of all on PCs, I think you have got the same market data we have there, but the PC industry ended up maybe a little stronger than any of us anticipated, still from a unit perspective flattish to maybe down a percent, but overall generating about 10% DRAM bit growth going into that segment.  Mobile is interesting, we continue to see pretty good bit growth by system, on average for the mobile market probably move into 2.4 gigabyte of DRAM and high 30s somewhere in the 35% to 40% maybe in the middle of that range in terms of gigabytes of NAND. So that would then -- if you net that out that’s almost 20% DRAM bit growth for system and maybe little north of 40% on NAND. So for that market in aggregate pretty strong and in particular the value smartphone probably seeing the highest bit growth per system of any of those segments.
Ernie Maddock: I think I’ve guided to low-teens millions which would be kind of low single-digit tax rate and that will change as the company’s profitability changes obviously when the profitability goes up the tax rate will sequentially decline a little bit because of where that income is generated and show the company's profitability decline the actually rate will creep up just a little bit.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, so to be consistent with my prior comments. First thing I want to do is make sure we generate the cash, which we're working on previously and expect to make some headway on here with the results we've just shared.  And then as we get to that point and look at the credit markets, as well as a number of other factors, we will make a determination about the best way to delever, but delevering for the company remains an important priority as we have an expectation of increased free cash flow this year.
Ernie Maddock: So Tim, I mean really it’s an issue of what you think any such tariffs or what not. How they would impact our end market not necessarily as they directly impact Micron because typically we manufacture overseas, we sell in many cases overseas and then it’s our customers who would then be subject to any of those importation issues.  So I think it’s really too soon to tell what the impact of that would be because simultaneously we’re reading about a dramatic reduction of the corporate tax rate and also the ability to repatriate billions of dollars of cash. So there is a lot of moving pieces to this and I think anybody who would pertain to be able to specifically predict things is probably guessing a little bit right now.
Ernie Maddock: This is Ernie. I think the best way to think about is what Mark articulated earlier which is the cost synergies are relatively small the real opportunity will be as we align the manufacturing capability fully to the best of Micron fabs and that will provide more incremental opportunity to us and the cost savings piece.
Ernie Maddock: I think you're going to see us make some steady quarter-on-quarter growth. But I don't think in DRAM particularly you're going to see it continued at the levels that you’ve seen it for the last couple of quarters. And I think the best guidance we can provide is that we're going to be roughly year-on-year to get to our targets, we're going to need to be at or slightly above 50% in terms of bit growth year-on-year. I mean we've just given you a pretty big number for Q1. So that math is getting easier and easier to work out. I would also tell you relative to some of the pricing, you will note that we widened our revenue guidance range a little bit and that's reflective of a bigger business and the fact that we realized pricing environment continues to be dynamic. So we did try to reflect our best thinking in the guidance that we've provided to you.
Ernie Maddock: Well that’s a question that got a thousand relative comparisons in it and what I would tell you is look we are a different company than in the last peak we have a higher mix of NAND, where we have a technology progression that we’ve tried to share with you. So certainly I think we have outlined our cost reductions over the next three quarters or so.  If you take the broad guidance we have provided, we’ve provided bit growth targets and you get to overlay of pricing environments and from that drive a gross margin profile. But I would expect if you have a similar market you’re going to continue to see opportunity for us to expand our gross margins. 
Ernie Maddock: Yes, it’s somewhere in the $4 billion plus or minus range and one of the reasons that -- and we’re very focused on protecting that NOL, which is the reason we put our NOL rights plan in place and it’s in the proxy now and up for shareholder review as well. And we intend to do everything we can do to continue to preserve our ability to use that because these are exactly the times that we want to have the ability to do that.
Ernie Maddock: No because that would apply to you I think common earnings which are tax unfortunately to much higher rates than 5%.
Ernie Maddock: So there are no significant restructuring charges anticipated. We borrow $2.5 billion relative to Inotera, so we would expect that to be somewhere -- total debt to be somewhere in the range of $12 billion, high $12 billion maybe $13 billion plus or minus there is a few little moving pieces around.  We are sitting here with cash this quarter at $4.3 billion there was a cash components of the transaction of about $500 million. And then we’ll generate operating cash flow and free cash flow in fiscal Q2 which we don't guide. So the result of that will be sort of where we’ll be at cash, but I would expect based on everything I know that it's reasonable to think flat or higher.
Ernie Maddock: Mark I’ll add one more piece to that, which is sort of a long-term trend that we’ve talked about in the past in terms of slowing technology migrations, means that the competitors in the marketplace are likely doing math with numbers that are changing less rapidly than they used to be. So both from a demand and a supply perspective as those numbers get smaller and the slope gets smaller and a rate of change it gets a little bit easier to do the math and keep things in balance. And then finally you layer on what’s going on with NAND right now from a demand perspective, just explosive I think is probably the right word in terms of demand and elastic as well. And so I think there is maybe some insulation there that wasn’t there last time around. 
