Sanjay Mehrotra: Thank you, Ernie. Last week we announced that Sumit Sadana joined Micron as Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer, a role that unites our four business units and our strategy and business development team into a single organization. This structure will better equip us to align our product strategies to market trends and customer demands.  Sumit brings nearly three decades of industry experience. He is a proven leader in driving strategy and building businesses with the focus on high-value profitable growth. Sumit has a successful track record at multiple large technology companies, and his perspective and expertise make him an ideal fit for Micron. Earlier this week, we also announced that Jeff VerHeul joined Micron as Senior Vice President of Non-Volatile Engineering. Jeff has extensive experience in leading the development of advanced semiconductor products, including flash system-level solutions. I look forward to Jeff's contributions in advancing Micron's roadmap of flash memory technology and value-added products. We welcome both Sumit and Jeff to Micron. Finally, I would like to extend gratitude to my predecessor, Mark Durcan. His dedication and leadership has positioned Micron well for this next chapter of success. As I have toured Micron’s facilities and met with leaders and teams throughout the company and have begun to engage with some of our customers. I have been impressed by the strength of our technologies, scale, customer reach and innovative hard working spirit of our global team. My experience since joining Micron has reinforced what I have known for a long time. This company has tremendous potential and can become one of the world's most successful semiconductor companies. I'm proud to be part of this iconic company. We will now open for questions.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Well, Micron team actually has over already been, as we said in our remarks, working on driving high-value solutions mix to greater levels in its portfolio. The company has made strong progress over a couple of quarters in client SSDs, as well as enterprise and cloud SSDs. And if you look at some of the market share numbers you will see that the market share over last couple of quarters has increased meaningfully. The market shares in enterprise, cloud stands at sub-10% levels and in client markets for SSDs, the market share is in high single digits at this point. So, all this definitely points to a much greater opportunity for the company in the times ahead. And key things that we had to focus on, this is absolutely an area of my priority here, is to increase the mix of system-level solutions in the NAND portfolio of the company. Things that have been going well, continue to build on them but expand, diversify our capabilities, our product portfolio and deepen our customer engagement. The thing that's really, really powerful for Micron here is that Micron has strong position in DRAM as well as NAND. And basically on the continent, this is the only company that has these strong capabilities. Therefore, customers are very much engaged with us in helping us drive the strength in the system level solutions on the NAND side. In the areas where we have to focus on, to answer your question further are certainly continue to strengthen our controller capabilities, as well as firmware capabilities. Today, some of them – most of them are based on external controllers and we have a roadmap of both, external and internal controllers going ahead. So, these will be an important area of focus for the company going forward.
Sanjay Mehrotra: The server demand definitely continues to be strong for DRAM. If you look at the growth for DRAM content combined with the unit server increases, the growth - bit growth rate that we are looking at for the industry is about 40% on a year-over-year basis. So this is really high-value segment of the market. And certainly as we know, that industry in 2017 is experiencing overall tightness on the DRAM side, driven primarily by the strong growth on markets such as server, as well as other markets like mobile continuing to be very strong, where the average capacities of DRAM content is increasing, you know, given all the features that the phones are implementing, and even markets like automobile where DRAM content continues to increase nicely. So the demand trends are being driven by multiple markets. Certainly server is the highest growth trend in the marketplace today. And that's all for the DRAM side of the business.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So I think when you look at the content of DRAMs in the mobile market, it really continues to increase nicely going in value smartphones from about a little over gigabyte per phone to about doubling by 2018 timeframe, so continued strong growth in terms of average capacity. And the same trend is certainly happening on the high end phones too, where you are starting to see 4- and 6-gigabyte DRAM content. And certainly on the multi-chip packages also, we are seeing high DRAM content, as well as high-NAND content being driven in the mobile phone market. So overall when you look at year-over-year trends in 2017, as well as when you look at the trajectory in 2018, mobile does continue to be a strong market. Certainly, there can be periods where there can be some inventory adjustments in certain parts of the market, but important thing to focus on is really the long-term trend. And that trend, due to all the features that are being implemented, even in the entry-level smartphones and certainly on the high-end smartphones are tending to drive higher average content and demand growth for DRAM, as well as for NAND.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So regarding the third generation, we will provide you more details as we get closer to production of that technology, obviously for competitive reasons.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Our focus in DRAM is to continue to advance our technology and to ramp the new technology nodes into production as rapidly as we can, keeping in mind our customer requirements and there of course qualification of products built using those technologies. And we’re always keeping an eye on overall demand and supply balance and our own demand and supply balance as well. So basically prudent focus on supply growth management. But the primary focus, the one that provides highest return on investments is around technology transitions and that's where really all our priorities will be. In terms of any new capacity, I mean we would certainly have to first make sure that we have captured the maximum potential of our technology transition capability in manufacturing. And then we’ll have to certainly see that there is sustained projection of sustained demand growth in the years ahead before we consider adding new capacity.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So at this point, we're not prepared to really lay out mix targets for the future. But I can certainly tell you that indeed there is great opportunity over time to strengthen the mix of the managed NAND solutions, that means SSDs, as well as in the mobile space, things like eMMC, UFS and MCP. And again, I would like to point out that there is a large part of mobile market, which demands MCP, and Micron is very well-positioned with this mix of DRAM and flash. So we will definitely focus on bringing up solution, more MCP solutions using our eMMC and UFS capabilities in the future. I would like to point out that these kind of transitions do take a period of time. Micron is, I would say, still in the early days of implementing this transition. Over extended period of time we definitely will be driving the mix. But it really has excessive focus of the entire leadership team here. And with the hire of Jeff VerHeul, we have certainly double down in this area in terms of focusing further on system level solutions for NAND.
Sanjay Mehrotra: As you know, I will also just add that in terms of the components side of things, that includes some of the sales that the company makes to Intel, which as you know is our partner in terms of development, so that's part of that component mix that you were talking about as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And I would agree with Ernie that the long-term target here is definitely I think very appropriately placed.
Sanjay Mehrotra: I think it's obviously a combination of both that we've been saying for some time, Joe, that this is a priority of the company to really become stronger in segments where we have the opportunity to develop deeper relationships, offer higher value add, more sustained customer relationships and I think we've done a great job at executing on that strategy. So while there is absolutely benefit from prizing, absolutely, we enjoyed the same benefit that others did. From the average content increase, I think we enjoyed a disproportional benefit by executing on our strategy, addressing these markets in ways that allow us to get deeper penetration.
Sanjay Mehrotra: Certainly, we have, I believe, strong opportunities in technology transition to meet the future growth expectations. As I said in a response to an earlier question as well that we definitely will have to be exploiting that fully before we would ever consider any capacity additions. And you are certainly right, that the demand drivers certainly are the DI, the machine learning with so much data being generated and all of that data require to be processed fast to provide – its great experience for consumers, as well as bring great value to businesses to enable and unleash the application. This is all the AI in the technology space. It's just extremely early days and extremely dynamic and definitely memory and storage will become, I believe, a key enabler for the capabilities that AI technology would be able to enable in multitude of applications, whether it is autonomous driving or it is cloud computing in variety of applications here. So, yes, I mean, the demand outlook here certainly is very interesting, but again, we just do not want to be getting ahead of ourselves. I think it is important that we stay focused on continuing to drive the business with focus on prudent supply growth here.
Sanjay Mehrotra: So as you look through calendar 2018, we will certainly be continuing to ramp our 1x DRAM technology as well as our 64 layer technology during the course of that timeframe. We are still in early stages. As we said, we'll be achieving meaningful output of both 1x, as well as 64 layers this quarter here. But we continue to be ramping it during the course of next several quarters. In terms of the bit growth, 20-nanometer provided something like, let's say, 40%, slightly greater than that in terms of bit growth compared to the prior node and gave us a cost reduction of more than 20%. And then we look at 1x compared to 20-nanometer, that's also in that same range, although 1x gives us somewhat greater cost reduction than 20-nanometer node give us over the prior 25-nanometer node. And when we go from to 32-layer compared to the planer NAND that we had - here we had at Micron, the last edition of planar NAND, 32-layer gave us bit growth in volume die of about 100% or so and gave us a cost reduction of greater than – in the range of maybe sub-30%. And going from 32-layer to 64-layer bits gained is also about 100% and cost reduction going from 32-layer to 64 layer is also. At mature yields, comparing mature yields to mature yield and high volume wafer product to high volume product, 32 layer to 64 layer will also give us about a 30% cost reduction. So a Micron has been really well positioned in NAND with the 32-layer technology, which has given it meaningful cost reduction over our last planar node and 64-layer continues that trend ahead as well.
Sanjay Mehrotra: And I just want to add a comment to my response before to you, your question was very specific in terms of cost reductions between technology nodes on high-volume products essentially. And that - those numbers should not be confused with year-over-year cost reductions. Because year-over-year cost reductions on the overall blend of the business are very much a function of the technology mix that is in production. And as I indicated, these technologies will be gradually ramping up for us in production over the course of next several quarters, while the older technologies will still continue to be in production to meet our overall diversified customer requirements for diversified mix of technology and product and solutions.
Ernie Maddock: I don't think so. I think it's a function of pattern of our bit growth over the course of this year. So while we will continue to enjoy cost reduction in the final quarter of this fiscal year, it's going to be likely a bit of a slower rate than we've experienced for the first part of the year. And also as we look at the pricing environment, you know, we continue to view supply and demand in a favorable way. But bear in mind, we've now have had several consecutive quarters of nice quarter-over-quarter step-ups. And it isn't always advisable to bank on continued aggressive quarter-on-quarter pricing increases as you think about the business.
Ernie Maddock: I think as I have mentioned in my earlier remark, we are still seeing some adjustments upward in certain segments of the market, certainly in terms of both frequency and magnitude. Those were a little less than we've experienced in the prior few quarters, Mark.
Ernie Maddock: Yes, I think it's important to remember that, that cost reduction was a 2 year CAGR. And certainly you'd expect with the kind of bit growth that we've experienced in our fiscal ‘17, that you would be at the upper end or above the upper end of that range. And if you go back and look at our fiscal ‘16, we were below. So it's important to blend those two years together, but the answer would get you to fairly significant cost reductions this year, commensurate with the type of bit growth that we've spoken of.
Ernie Maddock: So there hasn't been a significant change during this period of time. Typically as you noted, PC DRAM contracts are the shortest, you know, we would actually say maybe a little longer than 2 weeks, but certainly roughly in the realm of a month or so. And then the other technologies tend to go up from there. But we haven't seen any material change in the duration as a result of the current market environment. Although, there may be some requests for that, it's typically not something that gets changed very much over the course of the cycle.
Ernest Maddock: Sure. So Sanjay may team up for this. But relative to the gigs shift or volume shift into the PC segment, as we said in our prepared remarks, we did have a slight decline in unit volume. It wasn't very significant at all, but that was part of our plan to address higher value-added markets. I don't think it was reflective of a decreased demand environment in any way, shape or form. We don't typically comment on the going forward pricing environment, other than the general statement that we see fairly good balance between supply and demand. And we're going to continue to monitor that segment quite carefully from a bit growth perspective. I think we're thinking that that segment would somewhere be in the range of plus low to mid-single digits in aggregate for us in fiscal '17 and I think that that addresses the three points you raised but if not, please let us know.
Ernest Maddock: In terms of driving our growth ahead, of course, we have several tools available to us. Our technology and product capabilities, our engagement with customers and our ability on the manufacturing side in terms of implementing the new technologies into production. We would never rule out any M&A, if and when appropriate, we would absolutely consider it, but it would have to be something that does provide ROI. So we just want to make sure that we focus on our priorities. And our priorities at this point are to strengthen our strategy and product execution and increasing the mix of high-value solutions in our portfolio mix, while engaging with customers on defining the future generation architectures. So again, I don't rule out any M&A, but it of course always has to be considered in the context of what value it brings and what ROI it brings.
Ernest Maddock: We've mentioned earlier in the year that one of the biggest variables in terms of the quarterly level of OpEx is something we call pre-qual expense. So as we are going through the process of qualifying either new packages or new technologies for customers those carry with them significant expenses. When we went into this fiscal year, we suggested that they would be more heavily weighted toward the front part of the first year and you've seen that play out here as our operating expenses have flattened out. As we look forward, we're considering OpEx as part of our fiscal year 2018 planning process and we're not quite through that. So I think we'll be in a position to share a little bit more color on that with you on the next call. But we are, as always, very mindful of operating expenses and operating expense progression. So we're taking a very close look at that.
Ernest Maddock: Sure. So consistent with one of the earlier answers, we are in the middle of our planning process for fiscal ’18 and certainly as we look at some of the priorities of the company, they have always been highly centered around continuing to drive our costs down. So, despite the fact that we have been, to some degree, mindful of in the context of the cash flow of the company in the past, we’re going to continue to do the right thing and be prudent and disciplined in that regard. We have ample opportunity to reduce the debt profile of the company. So I appreciate your thinking we're flush with cash. We're still not as flush as I would like to be. So that's going to continue to be a priority of – about generating that free cash flow, as well as reducing the debt. So consistent with our prepared remarks, those are the two things we're focused on. And you will continue to see us be very thoughtful in how we pursue both of those here as we enter our fiscal year 2018.
Ernest Maddock: We certainly do think that that will, as it gets launched it will be driving greater demand, certainly for bits, yes.
Ernest Maddock: I think it's important to remember that was a long-term target, and that there are years where we've been below, there are other years where we've been above. And so I don't know that relative to a long-term target that we would be prepared to be making any changes at this point. But by the same token - and if we do, certainly as we did earlier last year, will share that with you. But at present time that target remains the same. Bear in mind that it is a long-term target.
Ernest Maddock: Well, I think as we noted, we are making progress every single quarter with penetrating higher value-added solutions. And we would expect, if we are successful in continuing to execute on that, that we would be in a position to have greater revenue from those segments which may, depending on the pricing environment, to some degree mitigate a little bit the bit growth profile. But bear in min, John, that we talked about our bit growth in context of an industry that we were estimating. But we also used the words at or slightly below, not materially below. So I do think it's important to keep that in mind. And on the NAND front, we just simply said we would have a little slower growth in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. I wouldn't expect that we were going to be dramatically different or so underperforming the industry that it would disadvantage the company.
Ernest Maddock: And Jagadish just add to that, I would refer you back to some of the 2 year cost reduction CAGR we've provided at our Analyst Day, which gives you a view of fiscal ‘17 and ‘18 together. So that might be helpful to you as well as you think about that.
Ernest Maddock: We think that the channel inventories are well within the range that we would considered to be normal. Certainly, they have improved from a quantity point of view over the first part of this year when they were extremely, extremely short. But in aggregate, I think that - we think that channel inventory levels are still within healthy ranges.
Ernest Maddock: You know C.J., we think the industry for calendar '18 could be slightly higher than the range of growth in calendar '17 which is 15% to 20%. So maybe add a couple of percentage points to either end of the range. And we haven't shared yet bit crossover for 1x. We've said we have meaningful output by end of fiscal year. We're clearly on track to do that and we'll provide more perspective on that as we more fully describe our 2018 plans.
Ernest Maddock: So just to make sure we're on the same page, we have given a range this year of $4.8 billion to $5.2 billion. And we said we were trending toward that $5.2 billion range. So it's just a couple of hundred million dollars. And I would say that really there is no specific area that I would point you toward. It's just doing what we need to do to make sure we are well set up here as we exit the end of the fiscal year.
