Mark Adams: Thanks Tim. I think we got all those. I will take the first one. The production bit growth guidance for DRAM was flat to up slightly, and for NAND was roughly flat in our fiscal Q4 over Q3. I will hand the ball off to Ron for the Numonyx guidance.
Mark Adams: Capital fund there. We still don’t have complete clarity as to the level of participation of our partner in that ramp. We have indicated previously that that fab is roughly 100,000 wafer per month fab. I think as a placeholder, you should anticipate as we move through calendar 2011,we will ramp that to roughly 60% level, but we want to maintain flexibility to move that around based on market conditions. So we don’t have a firm road map for you yet on that, and the Intel participation, again too early to say.
Mark Adams: I will take a short on the inventory question, on our finished goods inventory, we are slightly below. Our normal inventory level is about three weeks on hand for finished goods, and in certain high-volume products they are even less than that. Sometimes, towards the end of the quarter, we have the choice to make on holding over some inventory to position and serve some higher margin opportunities in some of the specialty areas we serve, and that sometimes is the case. But on average, we are lower than we are normally seasonally, and slightly less than three weeks in total.
Mark Adams: Yes, this is Mark Adams. That was something I alluded to in my opening comments and that given the profile we are looking, we were able to this quarter shift towards some specialty and higher margin segment for ourselves. And we do see some upside there, as we are in some cases sole sourced in some of these applications, and certainly tied to some of the growth opportunities in the market.
Mark Adams: Yes, thanks Dan. It is Mark again. So, we saw kind of analysts and press talking about a softer April, but openly since kind of the May timeframe, we started to see some pretty healthy indications on the back-to-school in the second half of the year. Notably, the server business has been very strong, the desktop business is very strong, and the June OEM numbers around notebooks is very strong. So, despite some concerns or questions early on in our quarter back in April, it has still been fairly strong. We feel pretty good about it.
Mark Adams: You know, likewise, as I said, we had the opportunity to take a look at our allocation models given some of the limited production upside we had this quarter, and we shipped as much as we could to those markets, because there is a lot of appetite our products. I would also mention, there is a number of questions on the Numonyx side on today’s call, and it is not just pertaining to DRAM and Flash memory, the NOR specialty market is a high-growth opportunity for us as this tremendous appropriate for Numonyx parts in that channel is low.
Mark Adams: Yes, I think the first question is did we – I think, let me restate this. Did we move some capacity, did we move it to more profitable products because we foresee weakness in the less profitable segments, not as much. We were just trying to optimize profits. On the second question around going forward configurations, we are not as tied to the choices that our OEMs make on individual configurations. I will tell you that part of my our responsibility is around the retail business, and I got pretty good interactions with the retailers and e-tailers. So far the consumers haven’t voted on going down the lower configurations. You’ve got to remember the emotional part of buying here, the emotional part of buying is when you are used to going out and evaluating and purchasing 4 gigabyte platforms. Behaviorally, it doesn’t just seem right to go down in 1 to 2 gigabyte products, and that is just a consumer sentiment. Secondly, these especially never hit the corporate PC side. So, it is such a small piece day, and haven’t proven to be successful that I would be surprised if it made an impact in the back half of the year.
Mark Adams: Yes, thanks. This is Mark Adams again. So the inventory, it’s actually interesting, is much tighter than you expect OEM to back-to-school. My suspicion is you know that I think we all have to remember, we’re not sitting here in the most robust economy. It serves better than 2009, but people still have kind of the memory of running to the working capital strains of that time period, and they’re pretty efficient on supply-chain and probably a little bit more risk averse than they were a year, two years back. So we see pretty tight inventories across the channels and even back into the ODM that you referred to earlier, and don’t see a lot of buildup at this point.
Mark Adams: Yes, a more qualitative response to that question is you know, it’s hard to see far-off behind you know, 6 to 12 months from a demand cycle, but it looks good, it looks really strong. The networking guys obviously are looking to get in the computing and vice versa. So you see a lot more technology players around storage, not just on the DRAM side they were talking to us about Flash applications and certainly NOR application. So as best we can see that that’s a very healthy segment for us, and one where we are pretty well positioned from a product portfolio standpoint.
Mark Adams: Sure. You know, we haven’t seen and ironically what led to my comments earlier was we’ve actually seen some pockets of strength in retail in Europe. Certainly there has been some questions about Greece and others, smaller markets but on the margin it has been okay, and so we haven’t seen the dramatic shift. You know, a lot of conversations about it, but we haven’t seen a dramatic shift, and certainly some of the currency indications abound, but the other side of that equation is China retail has been up dramatically. So on a global footprint you know, whatever noise there might be in some smaller regions in Europe is more than offset by some other global success path around china, India and others.
Mark Adams: Yes, this is Mark Adams again. Yes, absolutely and yes I think your comment is well founded. It’s coming out of last quarter and as I mentioned on this quarter’s call and a couple of other calls in the past, sometimes we make the choice to hold on to certain inventory products that can go into those markets, and if it happens to be over a quarter and we hold it for two weeks after the closing of the quarter, we do so for the profit and customer service rationale. So we’re in pretty good shape right now and we expect as we go through the conversions at Inotera to our stack technology that will again allow us to penetrate and grow our service here.
Mark Adams: I think that it’s a little bit early to tell, but we feel pretty confident on the 25-nanometer ASPs. We’re just getting that into some of the OEM design and qualification efforts. On the 34-nanometer what we really are seeing is kind of a bifurcation between higher performing, higher cycling products, 2-bit-per-cell MLC, and some of the low performing 3-bit-per-cell application for emerging markets consumer products that are acceptable for certain regions, and we’re seeing kind of two different price points. We have been able to hold pricing pretty favorably against that in our current contract OEM customers.
Mark Adams: If pricing were to stay at the level we are in, how do we see them? DRAM relatively stable, relatively flat through the remainder of the quarter, and, you know, NAND is interesting because we’re going into a stronger period of NAND historically and so it’s coming out of the June, July seasonally slow period and heading into back-to-school, but if it stayed relatively flat, down slightly a point or two.
Mark Adams: Yes, I think you characterize the overall NOR growth fairly. I would suggest that maybe the industry structure and the dynamics that have played out over the last 12 to 18 months come into play when you think about other competitive issues around last year, and reliability of the Micron now enables Numonyx has a strong balance sheet well financed product diverse company, and if you look at the embedded market as an example, the forecast growth in that market alone allows us to go in and get more share and it is a place that Numonyx has historically been very strong in. So certainly in a macro level I get the understanding what you’re suggesting about NOR, from a work perspective that’s modest, but the competitive landscape as well as the embedded market by itself represents some tremendous growth opportunity and that historically has been a higher margin segment for Numonyx.
Ron Foster: Tim, Numonyx revenue, I modeled that for you so you had a baseline to start from and going forward we don’t anticipate that we will be able to provide visibility of Numonyx separately as we get it integrated into our business unit planning and the structure of our company. But for Q4, we are anticipating for 475 million to 500 million of revenue in the fourth quarter related to new Numonyx products. And with regard to your inventory question, which I think was your fourth question, the Numonyx inventory – this was our first quarter, including the full fair value assessment. So it has no embedded margin in it as I mentioned, and so the increase in the revenue base will be at full fare value and as we flush through inventory at cost, then it will come down to a cost basis as we go through the fourth quarter. But I also anticipate that in the fourth quarter we will have very small margins on the Numonyx products, because it will be mainly flowing through at fair market value.
Ron Foster: So, Tim, the Numonyx margin, as I mentioned the fourth quarter is going to be only slightly possible as we are flushing through fair value inventory, but beyond that time as we get to full normal cost production, I guess one thing I refer you back to is that recent reported history, they have run in the mid 20s kind of gross margin ranges.
Ron Foster: Daniel, this is Ron. So, in terms of the inventory effect in Q3, it was all driven by essentially Numonyx, and so that was the adjustment. And the inventory that we put on the balance sheet for Numonyx was at fair market value less cost to complete, so that when it goes out it will be effectively going out at a zero gross margin. So, that affect will flow through the Q3 effect, so we were essentially at zero gross margin in Q3, and will be near zero gross margin in Q4 as that continues to flow through.
Ron Foster: In addition, we had – just to reiterate, we had our inventory in the distributor channel that was there at that time we executed the close, and as I mentioned in my comments, as part of the purchase accounting, the distributor inventory that was deferred on our books is wrapped up in purchase accounting and we don’t ever report that as revenue either in the current period or future. So, until that pipeline gets rebuild, the distributor inventory pipeline, we have an effect from that, and I incorporated that in the guidance for the fourth quarter that I gave you for Numonyx.
Ron Foster: Dan, this is Ron again. It doesn’t relate to Rambus litigation. It is the anti-trust class-action suit related to indirect purchasers, effectively representing consumers, and that settlement involves Micron and four or five other participants in the settlement of that anti-trust class-action related to the indirect purchasers. Samsung actually previously settled that same suit and this one involves Micron, NEC, Elpda and Infineon as examples.
Ron Foster: This is Ron. In terms of your Numonyx revenue question, I didn’t say $700 million Numonyx revenue, we had about $700 million, $686 million in Numonyx inventory at the end of the quarter, and that was mostly marked to fair market value of the acquisition, although we did have obviously production that went in there in the three week intervening period after the close. Then that will flow through essentially at market value less cost to complete. It will flow through and based upon the guidance, the vast majority will flow through in the fiscal fourth-quarter, but bear in mind some of that inventory already is probably at cost in that mix also.
Ron Foster: Oh sorry. That was for NAND. I think excuse me that was DRAM, and for NAND it was actually up very nice little more than we even guided, which as you recall was high teens.
Ron Foster: Bill, this is Ron. The JV agreement and the call option would specify that we put $250 million essentially a pledge escrow account, if you will, and it would be paid down by the joint venture between now and 2016 as – over that time schedule. So the flow of the cash back to us would be over that period between now and 2016.
Ron Foster: We’re in the midst of discussions Bill and it is not appropriate to talk at this time, but suffice to say that Micron is intent on continuing the supply to our customers and will certainly supply it, and we will be working with our JV partner to affect that transition and supporting our customers over time.
Mark Durcan: Yes. This is Mark Durcan. Let me jump on that one. The effects were numerous, but primarily revolve around increased penetration of our 25 nm node being offset by lower volume purchases, but primarily a shift in mix to more higher margin NAND products, which tend to be lower densities.
Mark Durcan: Yes, absolutely. We have got a lot of runway ahead of us here as we move into fiscal 2011. In particular on the Inotera front, we have the 50 nm transition moving ahead, and we will really start to see the impact of that, and fiscal Q1 and beyond should be a big story for the entire year. On the NAND front, I mentioned we were into the 25 nm transition, that will be on the order of 25% of the bits in the quarter we are in and it will be closer to 75% of the bits the following quarter, and that will drive significant cost reductions as we move through the year on the NAND front as well. So to boil all that down, I think on the NAND front, you can look for high teens moving forward quarter-over-quarter and for DRAM, you can be a little bit lumpy, but averaging out something in the mid-teens.
Mark Durcan: Yes, bit production, probably flattish again the following quarter, and then we will have some pretty good growth after that. I would say, how would we characterize that guys? Yes, mid-teens.
Mark Durcan: Yes, our bit growth is right now no wafers coming on board for us in the immediate future. So it is all transitions. So it is a combination of Inotera transition and Micron’s internal or wholly owned transition.
Mark Durcan: Yes, this is Mark Durcan. I wouldn’t say that there is anything really unexpected going on with Inotera. We have just continued to move through equipment installations and deploying the technology on what has been the tool set of Micron as well as some repurpose tools there. In the short term, we will see a slight reduction in the wafer start rate, as we just work through the equipment repurposing activities, but we still anticipate being on the original schedule as we move late into the calendar year, and that driving some pretty significant bit growth for us throughout 2011.
Mark Durcan: Yes, I think – this is Mark, relative to Inotera, I think your assumptions relative to the original plan was off a little bit. We are as I said continuing the pace. We are probably lagging a couple of months at the current point, but we anticipate that as we move through Q4 that will be right back on track. So we don’t see any long-term disruption there.
Mark Durcan: I think the – for 50-nanometer in the quarter we are currently in it’s probably, it’s roughly two to one DDR3 to DDR2.
Mark Durcan: Specialty DRAM continued to lead, number two was our trade NAND, number three was core DRAM, number four was the segment we now have as imaging and other, and then of course Numonyx was number five.
Mark Durcan: No, Kevin, I think over the long-haul we get through Q4 and we’re looking for a pretty big fiscal 2011. It’ll, you know, be in the mid teens and accelerate. In the short term we’re maybe lagging a couple of months at Inotera, but that will play through here relatively quickly.
Mark Durcan: I think – correct me if I’m wrong here. The $80 million wasn’t maybe the actual revenue. It was the revenue we recognized by virtue of the accounting treatment of the quarter, and how did we close on the debt. So that notwithstanding, I think the answer you’re looking for is about 65% to 70% wireless and about 30 plus percent around the embedded market.
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions, one is any idea how much DDR3 will constitute of your sub 50-nanometer products in the second half of 2010? Just trying to get a sense of I know you've cost on DDR3 but I just want to know how much that kind of constitutes of your sub 50-nanometer products.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay. All right. That's helpful. So let me just ask you, you're saying your inventory is about three weeks. Any insight as to what the inventory at the OEMs or the channel at the major companies is at the moment? Because usually, (inaudible) back-to-school some people tend to with past school inventories, any commentary as to what the channel inventory is would be helpful.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay, let me ask you about the – because you talk about networking and storage business, and that's of course your specialty business. How much of – in terms of the demand you are seeing there, how much more runway do you expect for strength in the demand there, and while you – in answering that also, any commentary you can make as to the configuration you have seen in the server market and to what extent that reflects the overall strength in our enterprise vending, that would be helpful, thank you.
Uche Orji - UBS: All right. And my last question is regarding Europe. I mean, this has been a topic for everybody in terms of you got some OEMs talking about raising prices for PC products in Europe. In the last week you kind of responded to the currency weakness. In the demand you're seeing out of Europe has there been any change at all, be it by overall specifications or people pushing back in terms of pricing on the component level, so any comments on Europe would be helpful. Thank you very much. That's my last question.
