Charles R. Kummeth: Thank you, Chelsea. Thank you, and welcome to Techne Corporation's second-ever quarterly conference call. Today we will discuss the earnings results for the second quarter and the first 6 months of fiscal 2014 that we released earlier this morning. As stated in this morning's press release, I'm very pleased with the progress that we have made during the past few months in fiscal year-to-date. Changes made in our operations have improved efficiencies in our Biotech segments allowing us to focus more on sales growth. Gross margins have remained strong and expenses are within our plans as we invest in new people, leaders, technologies and regions. While sales growth in the second quarter was less than the first quarter, our progress is steady, and especially considering the difficult market situation in the academic and government sector. You will hear more about this progress as we provide greater detail during this call regarding our recent financial results and strategic progress. Kathy Backes, as the company's Controller, is with me on the call today. Our plan this morning is for Kathy to provide a review of our financial results for the second quarter and first 6 months of fiscal 2014. I will then address several topics and be open to your questions.
Charles R. Kummeth: Yes, we had another, as you saw, very, very strong quarter in China. We're now at year-to-date roughly 35% growth. It is interesting place as you know. We have probably a little more than doubled our employee count there, and things are going quite well. We have the office opening in Beijing with a big success. We have some extraordinary talent that we have found in China. I'm just really, really impressed, been working China for many years, in much bigger organizations. So it's very hopeful. With that all said, we've got to do more. We've got to get more local. We've got to get local brand identified, and we're very close to many of these things. And so they're all work in progress and these reports and us [ph] is probably assuming more than that. But right now we're kind of riding a good growth wave there. It's probably lower hanging fruit. As I mentioned in the past, it's a lower base for us, but now it's 6%, but if it keeps at this rate, it won't stay small for long, so...
Charles R. Kummeth: The big shift in gross margin was generated [ph] by Bionostics. The rest of it from there is really coming from different -- the way we run our business, and actually we're well within our expense levels we expected to be. We're actually under planned to be honest. So we're fine there in that mix. We have actually had a slight increase in our gross margin, and our biotechs have [indiscernible]. I've talked in the past about our operations redesign. And that's allowed us to have a portion of the business, the company are focused on productivity like a factory model that should, there have never been here before. And that's yielded some early results. We have some new arrangements with FedEx. We have a lot of efficiency programs in place, some lean programs in place, and there is substantial costing, about $1 million or so year-to-date here, which is improving the gross margins in that part of the segment. So if you ask about the rate we should be at, we'd be a little higher with the extra volume if we had to add it [ph] probably, but that's all coming. So I think you have to look at it more in a 6-month level than the quarter-by-quarter.
Charles R. Kummeth: And also I should make one comment too on stock option expense for the director for your seasonal. So this is the quarter that hit, it might have some impact.
Charles R. Kummeth: As you know, the shutdown was October, so it was kind of off pace right away from the very beginning of the quarter, and I really don't think we ever really fully caught up, to be honest. And then the holiday season was a weird year, right, with a Wednesday, so we knew we were going to take really a couple of day hit on that. So I don't think -- all in all, we probably should have forecasted maybe a little better on those on the holiday situation, but the shutdown definitely hurt us some. We'll see. Still, growth, given the things we saw and the pressures I've seen, I think there's still upside in the near 3% 6-month rate. We're probably within the area of our range where I see for moving the model here so. If -- we should -- with Fisher, with the things we're putting in place and all the things I've talked to you guys all off-line and stuff on it, it should be slowly improving. I've never we should ever get really above mid-level single-digit growth in the quarter here organically until we get new platforms and extensions and adjacent markets we've talked about and other things. So it's early days here, but staying in the positive territory, especially in this hopefully the last season of the sequestration, I think is a good thing.
Charles R. Kummeth: I want to be careful how I answer this because one, we're not banking everything on Fisher. We have other channels as well as other partners. I can tell you that the terms are very favorable. Nobody sells completely at list anyway, even us, and so there's definitely room, and the margin loss is very acceptable and nearly immaterial really unless there's some major surprise. We've been promoting and discounting heavily since, I think, this company has never done it. We've talked about the low-end of the portfolio here and our rising competition, especially at the easier to make money [ph] level products. So we've been promoting and you still haven't seen much material difference with our numbers. It will be likely the same, unless these guys blow it out of the water. I mean if they come in and it's something 10% or above percent growth off of that, then there may be some move, but I would take that trade-off in that kind of growth. But in our model of what we think we see likely for incremental growth shouldn't be that big a deal.
Charles R. Kummeth: Sure. Large part is it's never a ton of synergy to be expected. It's an OEM model. It's an extension of platform comprised of -- related to ours, same company but different products. So in terms of synergies, their synergy is in some of the functional heads and different things like that, but there isn't -- not at all sales force per se and things like that to worry about. So I guess on that, we're okay. On the growth side, I think we're just a little bit less than where I'd like to have been. But it's within the range of our model. We're very, very happy with the leadership there and the overall integration into our company and within -- in the systems, et cetera, for that part of the integration. It's not a difficult acquisition to integrate. It's just largely a bolt-on and incremental. And the people there are good. The locations are wonderful to work at. And we have -- they were -- it was PE owned before, and the leader there, the CEO was grooming the person for years there to take over, and that person is in charge for us, and it's going quite well.
Charles R. Kummeth: Oh, I see what you're saying, okay. Well, Europe is the one place where we do have a true commercial model. We have roughly 20-some different reps. We are -- probably our longer term strategy will to be to work a little closer and pick up some of the distributors that we're working with, like we have in the past with Germany where we are direct. We're mostly run out in the U.K. as you know and 100-plus employees overall. And it's kind of up, it's kind of down. It's definitely in a slightly positive territory year-to-date here, and we are all banking on it and hearing about the winds are back in the sails in Europe, this maybe a decent year there, so we're expecting to ride that as well. So we're a little better than flat. It's rising slowly, so it's working, but it's through normal commercial kind of operations. There isn't any really sort of bolt-on coverage like we're trying to pull off here in the U.S. but with added coverage in the major regions as an example. In Asia, with J.P. there in our managed distribution, that's actually going quite well, and he is busy working on, I would say, streamlining our distributor partners. We had lots of channel conflicts. We had in some countries too many distributors fighting each other. There were lots of things to work on. We are down to a distinct strategy now and in some cases singular dedicated distributors in smaller territories. We are looking at going even direct in some other areas like Australia is an example, which pretty -- everybody does. It's just too far away to manage distributors. It has been for most companies. India is going quite well. Korea is going extremely well. Japan, we're having a great year. So we have multiple distributors in Japan, as you know, you kind of have to. You've got a very extensive dealer network that have their loyalties you have to deal with there in almost every market class, and we're working that well. J.P. being a 20-plus year veteran in Asia is driving that hard, and we're working on some new plans and contracts with these people to give them more what they want and what we want in terms of support and growth and so they will invest more. That's why you see the numbers picking up. And again, I don't think it will be dramatic overnight. These are still kind of small markets country by country, except for Japan, and it'll take a combined effort of all this together holistically to try and move the needle, which I think we will, and our strategic plan has over the next 5 years more about doubling with a potential of sales in APAC overall, including China. So I think we're on track for that. China has to stay above 30 in the year-on-year, which hopefully we can, and so far so good. APAC is one of the better stories here so far in my early tenure here in the company.
Charles R. Kummeth: I think a little all of the above. Let me explain a little bit. Also you get back to -- essentially we're hiring these rock stars with lots of experience that it kind of depends a little bit on what they're like and their relationships, and so it varies a little bit. Some of them are little better at prospecting, some are really good at high-level key account whale hunters, bigger deals pulling in orders of a couple of $100,000 or more. We have a little of all of the above. The original design was to take these inside sales people that are being worked to death here locally with $18 million account representation and try and get a partner out there in the major markets to work with. And that's been working quite well. So we've divided these territories between the inside professional here with that external person, and it's a combination of breaking up the relationship from major accounts to where they both have been -- where they have these relationships established, and then allowing the local person to really do the prospecting portion of the workload, okay, and working hand in hand with support back here with the inside person, all right? And it's working fairly well. I think we're actually maybe short. I think we're looking for a second person in the Bay Area, and we may look for one in Houston. We may expand in Boston. As I've said, I don't see us ever going above 10 or 12 for this model. I think it's fine. We have to supplement all of this, of course, with an even better website, which we're working on. There has to be very, very quick and good access to products with these many, many customers for this model to work, which is why we did the Fisher agreement is for increased accessibility and why we're going to work on the website so that we can provide that transaction capability with fewer clicks. I will also mention a big plus for the Fisher agreement too. It's just how our model works. We're not a very large company, and we're working, as we told you, on our website. Our level of e-commerce here is roughly 1/3 and most companies like ours, you'll find all of them the same way. When you begin with customers, almost nearly one professor, one researcher at a time. There's a lot of phone and fax and papers still involved in our operations. A lot of these institutions, both industrial and academic, the accessibility and the ease of making a transaction or purchase can vary, and having local lab stock online with systems like Fisher provides can provide for a lot of incremental ease. So we want to make it easy. It's called a punch out. We want to make it easy for the local researcher to -- if they don't have the time to -- the old way of picking up the catalogs and figuring out what to buy and make the phone call to order their favorite cytokine from us, they can just now order through the punch out on the online lab stock system, push the big blue Fisher button. It's going to -- it should make it much easier to do. That's what we're counting on. And it's all about accessibility. And the fewer clicks, the better. But we've got to get away from paper and fax and phone if we can here, and that's one of our initiatives here and it's progressing.
Charles R. Kummeth: While you guys are thinking, I want to follow-up on one of the questions about Europe. I will tell you that our -- Germany does remain very strong. U.K. and France are a little bit weaker. The academic areas are still this soft. We have still a large pharma issue in Europe. As you know, it's been moving out. Growth in terms of small and midsized pharma and biotech customers, and it's more the midsized levels in Germany is really in the package [ph] in terms of our success, and I think that kind of nears what I read in what's going on over there. Let's just hope it all continues, and U.K. can follow soon. So far so good. It's so far much better year-on-year, and I expect they will continue to be...
Charles R. Kummeth: That would be both, year-over-year and quarter-on-quarter. It's not a big move. But it's -- we're roughly $1 million or $2 million off in the volume that we wanted to have in expectations and it would flow to the bottom line. I think that's where -- any initial adjustment would be. And yet we held really well and that is because the biotech segment was up in gross margins because of about $1 million in savings on different truncated programs, the FedEx deal we did and some other things. And so that's been a little bit helpful, but that's good that we're -- We have to do this. I'm a Six-Sigma-trained kind of guy. And as you invest for growth, you have to also do what you can on the savings side, and there are a lot of efficiencies to be done here, which we're working on. And Kathy may have something to add here as well.
Charles R. Kummeth: It's almost nearly the same. Unless they really blow up their numbers on huge growth, there will be no noticeable change in terms of our margin to this. It's my prediction. That's our model.
Charles R. Kummeth: And again, you got to realize that we've structured a deal that gives them what they want in terms of content, and we're not after just channel swap, right? So we're after incremental growth, and they're really incentivized on true growth. And this is a much different model than us shipping a lot of goods and going into their giant, automated-driven warehousing. We don't see a real report of where things were going to what customers. We're shipping everything to customers from here, so we know where it's all going. We'll know what's due to us, what's due to them. So we're able to really, really well manage the scorecard of what they're contributing to this model and how that compensation occurred. And it's largely based on incremental growth. If -- like I said before, if there's a material shift in growth from this, which I don't expect, then there may be a noticeable decrease in real margin overall. But again, we're -- at the level where we're at, it's a tradeoff I'd love to have, to be honest, for that kind of growth.
Charles R. Kummeth: Probably in that range. I'd say it's not far off the mark. It's hard to know. We're adding a lot of new things here too and looking at new areas, and as I stated repeatedly, staying north of the 50% operating margins and trying to grow back at levels we need to grow is virtually impossible.
Charles R. Kummeth: And in terms of the future of ChemoCentryx is we're a closer partner than we have been in the previous few years. We've been with them a long time, as you know. They've had some bumps in the road. They had some positive bumps recently, and things are bouncing back. We're very bullish on ChemoCentryx with their pipeline of 8 different molecules, any one of those hits, and this is going to be a great story for them and for us with our position. After being involved for over 15 years together, I mean the pains are mostly behind us. I don't see any reason to not just be supportive and ride this and see where it goes. We're very supportive. I think we're very -- I think we see success. I don't think it's this year or next year. It could be 2 to 3 years, but I -- we believe in what they're doing and it's cool stuff, I think. We don't need the cash for anything desperate enough for this anyways, so it's a good story, I think.
Charles R. Kummeth: We'll give it a minute here. We have 5 more minutes, but if not, we'll start winding up here. Again, summing, it's a reasonable quarter for us, we feel. We're moving a lot of parts here, changing a lot of things that were well under plan in our expenses. Our margins are really exactly we expect them to be. They'd be a little better here if we had the extra little bit of volume we thought we might get, but we're in the range of what I thought and we told all of you. It's not a short-term gain here, and we're looking to the long term. We're investing for long term, and that's the way we intend to be and to be more strategic. And anyway, thank you for calling in, listening and asking your questions. And this is #2. I promise to be back for a #3 in another quarter. Thank you.
