Charles Kummeth: Sure. I'll give kind of a long answer here because I'm sure everyone wants to hear about European analysis. As we kind of messaged last quarter, things are softening, and it didn't disappoint on that, for sure. But it was really kind of a lumpy mess. There's not really any one distinct thing that’s kind of off. Some things are up and some things are down. Our biggest by country is Germany. U.K. is kind of flat, but Germany is pretty hard down. It’s a lot of timing, a lot of biopharma, a big comp off on Genomics because of a big order timing issue there we mentioned. In the instrument, which are the biggest areas, we had a huge comp from Austrian Simple Western, so it came in kind of flattish. So, without that growth, it was hard to pick up. We already knew we were kind of up and down on biologics. Biologics didn't have a horrible quarter, but not great and this is probably the area we’ve seen the most comeback already this quarter in biologics. It’s pretty good already. Simple Western has got tough camps going forward, but I think as underpenetrated as we are, we’re pretty bullish on it still going forward. And Simple Plex is also a big timing issue with a major order. We had another timing issue this quarter, as well, with Simple Plex, but I think the growth rate, especially instruments, is very encouraging and we’re really focusing now on getting more consumables to drive behind those instruments. So, all-in-all, there is definitely a snapback coming there and off a pretty weak quarter for the instrument side.  On the Reagent side, it’s really kind of a different academia in biopharma, and one up, one down. We're relatively okay, really, in terms of our Reagents. This is another area we've been in the past up and down on our assays. And Elisa is definitely down in Europe right now. So again, these biopharma projects are kind of in a slump right now, and for us, that’s just kind of a weaker period. We ever focused a lot on this. We have a little competition here. And as you know, we have ABKIN coming out after and the bio has a line of products. And others are twined with the two. And it’s not really what you’d say is a growing market. And you have multiplexing really taking all the new growth. So, that's kind of up and down, but we don't see a huge impact, to be honest. They've got their piece, we've got our piece. So, it’s just kind of overall kind of mediocre for right now for the timing in that. And that’s a big chunk of our overall sales in Reagents and its selected matters. It’s actually in that ASD right now for their division, but it also took down our division numbers. But that, too, I think will recover.  And again, we had huge one-timers on royalties. And we have -- when we started putting these royalty situations in place two, three years ago, we had the ability to do third-party audits. And last year, we went through all these audit cycles and there were from big misses and some big payments. And those are not recurring this year, so that add back is a big number all by itself. So, all-in-all that kind of explains Europe, explains the recovery we're seeing so far in instruments. And we'll see it happen. So, December was a fantastic month in Europe. It was really more of an October-November. And we'll see if we can continue.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, okay. Well, as mentioned, we're using this time to really get our kind of ship in order. So, we've been upgrading our commercial force, getting our website ready, creating patient demand and staying in our guide rails, really, for dilution. And we are really ahead of the game there, to be honest. We had some payments from Medicare come in, even in December, even though we had LCD in December 1. So, that was a really big precedent. We have put in place the PRF policy with the doctor signing, and that signature process has been very positive. And, of course, the fact Medicare took these pays and they’ve been paying. And it's been ramping very quickly. We are expecting revenues this quarter in Medicare to be maybe as high as even $1 million from nothing last quarter. So, we're seeing a great ramp. It kind of is expected. So, we'll see what happens.  Going forward, the priorities, of course, are as we ramp, we'll invest. We want to -- we really want to drive this patient demand. It's really important because it's just -- it's going to take a while for reconsideration and we're going to be needing for the levers. That reconsideration process, now we’re talking NGS. This isn't the most friendly of all the macs and it's a next summer activity. And then we have to make the agenda for the meeting and everything else. We feel pretty good about it but again, they don't help you, they don't tell you anything. We've submitted. All they've given us is that they wish we'd had the utility study data along with the guidelines to study, which we were told was enough. So, the utility study is done, it's been done. And we're now getting it published. And with that, we'll knock two birds in a bush with one stone, one being the reconsideration process and the second being the national insured’s.
Charles Kummeth: There is no change in the long-term outlook. We just got through with our annual refresh of our five-year outlook strategy, internal strategy plan, and if anything, out the gate it gave us even more confidence in those numbers, looking outward. So, one quarter doesn't make a trend. But very specific identified items that cause some of the bumps in the road we saw in Q2. But in terms of the underlying markets, we feel like they're very strong. Our run rate and our reagents, like I said, from the other -- literally 100,000 customers we serve are still very, very sound and going the right way, so. And then you get the upside potential with Exosome and cell and gene therapy. It's still very large, particularly in the out years, two, three, eight years.
Charles Kummeth: And remember, there's no acquisitions in that. That's organic, and it's likely we're going to do more stuff, so.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, well, one is-- one was a big component with royalty true ups that aren't going to happen again. We’re on track with our steady state kind of royalty payments and probably improving as our licensees’ distances grow, we get more. Another big component, of course, is the OEM orders and stuff we talked about, and those will be behind us. And I think some of this timing as well and I think that will correct itself, so --
Charles Kummeth: But all in, those one-offs around the order of being roughly $6 million. So it’s like Jim said, it's over 3% all by itself.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, we studied some of that. So first of all, remember, we had a 15% growth quarter last quarter in that business. And usually we guide I think like a negative quarter after one like that which has always been the case. And here we are with positive growth again. So we talked about things moving out, and they are. The pipeline is getting better. We have big new accounts. Like Sysmex is an example that is getting us more and more business. We’re doing some very strategic things with them. We’re very bullish. And across the board, I think it looks pretty good. Glucose, the pain is largely behind us and fairly well contained, although it's roughly flattish for the future and mainly even price increase that's holding things okay. But it's becoming a smaller part of the overall. But we feel okay. But in the end this is a roughly a 30% out margin business. And on the market should we sell; it's a 12 to 15 kind of EBITDA kind of multiple. And we've tested this, and it's hard to get beyond that. And here we are with our multiple, so we're being paid at a -- we're being paid for that business in our portfolio, that’s 30 times plus. It's hard to make it up by just spinning it off and selling it unless it becomes a drain on opportunity cost or strategic or something. And it just isn't. It's not a hard business. We have one salesperson. And these business leaders kind of do their own thing. It’s a very key product, process and business. The customers are all mammoth; they're literally on two hands. The count. So, it's just not that big of a brain drain here at the company. And, yeah, it's a 30% out margin business, and now it’s growing fairly well and we’ve seen more things we can do with it. And there are synergies because we are providing diagnostic tools. It’s extremely sticky. The San Marco unit of that business, it has 100 -- it participates in over 185 10-Ks. It's specked in. So the worst thing about it is the orders are all lumpy and large and to the big guys out there. And we're working at steeling that out and getting more of their wild share. And it's probably never been better. It's one of the good things of this quarter was that business, actually.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, well, the whole consortium, the whole JV has already been a really big success. We had -- at the latest trade shows that have been showing this off, we’ve had immense demand and interest. We're involved in an awful lot of -- over a dozen preclinicals. We are being looked at everyday by more. One of our partners has been involved in over a hundred prequalifications, so this stuff's going to happen. The trouble is it’s just-- It's going to take a while. The viral vector process is the process of record, and ours is non-viral. And we're moving that direction, and we're going to have a piece of it. It's going to be an everybody wins market as these valuations of, these Al Deverons of the world have shown for a while, so we're pretty pumped. Quad is on track, and we have our lease product. We have new products on the drawing board. We can modify the size and hold consistent size with our bead technology. And we're coming up with new ways to use this technology. We have a tech counsel approach in the company. We have the scientists of all divisions meet and huddle often. And we're coming up with a whole different set of ideas around different arrays, assays, et cetera as well. It’s cool stuff, a lot of interest. It was never going to be, the big winner in cell and gene therapy as a possible division someday. We always talked about it being a $50 million or $40 million range five years out. And we see that very, very doable and possibly a lot more if we find other applications for it, so.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah. Well, this is my 28th quarter as CEO here. And I don't think we've had a quarter under 20% in China. I'm sure this next quarter probably will if everybody continues to stay home. Nobody knows where it's going now. The incidence rate is moving on more of a linear trajectory than an exponential, and that's probably to a large effect that people are quarantined. So that’s going to ride its way out. But I think we’re a long way from anyone claiming victory that this is under control. There's a lot of risks as well. I'm pretty sure everyone will get a hall pass next quarter in China. I think there is a benefit to us. These kinds of events, these X factors usually create a stimulus to research. And we're already seeing interest and growth in some areas that we typically don't because of this. It's one of those unfortunate things. Probably not as good as being in the respirator mask business right now, but there's going to be a halo effect for all -- everybody in the fighting-disease business. But this quarter's going to be a tough one probably more than likely. Too early to say but our instrument business, I think will probably not suffer. And I should say also we had an exceptional start to the quarter in China in general. So that's going to give us a little bit of hedge there. But -- and instruments probably will suffer because that’s not a run rate business. But our run rate businesses, if you're using proteins and antibodies at the bench, but you're not at the bench. You're at home in the kitchen; those businesses are going to suffer for this quarter. But it's a short-term thing. We’re not worried about it.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, sure. This has been nearly two years in the making. As you can imagine, a three-way JV is not easy to negotiate. And these are some powerhouse companies. I mean, Fresenius of course is a big one. And dealing with them has been challenging but good. The Kabi group within Fresenius is five, six years into this. They're a Lobos platform. Their glucose instrument is becoming a pseudopotential standard already. As I mentioned, it's already been tested in I think over a hundred accounts. It’s -- They're ahead of the rest of us, really, in this consortium. So we really wanted to link up with them. And one of the big gaps of our total workflow, we have a lot of boxes checked off in our workflow, but having that box to tie it all together is a really important step. And there aren't too many out there. There’s only a few. So we think this is the best one in the market. The design came off of the early leader with [indiscernible] and I think major improvements to the solution have been designed and proven. So we think it's great. Of course Wolf and Wilson has been a long time, early innovator in cell factories and cell, biocell processing. A brand and a company and a leader that punches well above its weight. I spent time in thermal, we all know John Wilson in this industry. And he's right here in Minneapolis. Our teams are very close. We've been friends for many years. And this is going to go great. It's not a test of JV in any way, so it isn't like we're losing the revenue. This is all going to be kind of off and they're in their garage somewhere working away. This is really more of a marketing kind of consortium, a collaboration. We all put in equal funding to drive the entity and we all keep our revenue. We all drive our part of the business, and it comes back home. There were a lot of things in the contract of how we stay married and long timeframes and milestones to hit. And there are certainly scenarios of possible exits and kind of cover all your bases for all of this if we’re not happy. And how to do mediation. It's a very complicated contract for that, but that’s what these contracts always are for JV, it's all about solving the what-ifs and small percentage outcomes that are negative. So, nothing's been negative, it's been fantastic. The leaders get along really great. This has been driven and is the brainchild, really, of Dave Eansor, one of our presidents and a lot of focus on this. You know, the CEO of the entity is Fresenius Kabi, an extremely bright young man who we have a lot of faith in. I think we have-- we are prepared to talk about what we're going to put in, I think it's around $3 million, and that's an annual number to put in for investment to drive our piece. It could change next year, and we’ll have to see how the business is, but it's by no means intended to be any kind of sinkhole for costs or anything. So, it's very containable. We already are selling the course, and things are ramping. And I would say, you know, the other 20 are selling more than us right now and it could dramatically shift over three, four, five years out as things like GMP proteins and such become scalable, which we think we will. There are front end versus back end parts to the business, and even though we're driving the full work flow of being a non-viral approach and we are going to sell GMP proteins to everybody, including the viral vector approach. And we have a ton of interest in our factory and getting allocation, et cetera, and, you know, we're open for business, so…
Charles Kummeth: And we are hunting and we're involved in--- the overt’s probably smaller right now, but nothing's changed there. We're always in the hunt and it's--- as prolific as we've been in acquisitions, believe me, everybody lets us know what’s coming up and what's potentially in the game for us to take a look at. But we're pretty focused right now. We've got a lot of homework to do. We definitely see Genomics coming back on track from a couple years ago when it went a little bit sideways on us. We’re feeling really good about it. The HiPlex road map is phenomenal and we're going to have a DNA probe product come out soon. So, I’ve never been more bullish about the ACD technology platform in the Genomics division as I am now. And, of course, it's been tough, but everyone told us it would be tough to get into diagnostics and liquid biopsy's no different and we've never been in better shape than we are now and there's also a lot of partnership interest as well. We're definitely not going to try to own this whole thing, so we are developing partnership and companion diagnostics opportunities as well as other liquid biopsy solutions that maybe we can help their ordinary rum ball recipe, so to speak. So, a lot of interest and we're going to grow this thing and we will get reconsideration, we’ll build another map, we'll do something to keep growing the pipeline of new stuff, it's expensive, so we've got to stay focused on that and more than trying to find, you know, another leg on the stool than the big acquisitions, so to speak. So --
Charles Kummeth: Yeah. I've been waiting for you, John, and I'm sorry you coming back online now this quarter. But, insightful question. And I mentioned in my comments that we do have one more timing issue coming up in that Genomics space. As well as maybe a potential other one in the Simple Plex. These clinicals that go around Suplex are large cartridge orders and they’re kind of lumpy. We do have some in that number. Nothing like the 6 million, though. So, probably about half of that. 2 million to 3 million is probably something we have to outcome.  So, yeah, it’s going to be a tough quarter. I think we were 14% last year this quarter. So, it’s a tough comp. We’re not going to get much help out of China, obviously. So, I think you can add up all the results of all that. But nice recovery so far in instruments in Europe. We're all over giving them more help in areas like Germany. I think that's going to improve. Genomics is, if anything, getting better. I think we're in great shape looking forward there, so we've just got to -- we've got to, you know, there's always one-offs, you've got to find more one-offs. That's what you've got to tell your team, you know? It is a reason, but it's a poor excuse for not showing growth, right? So, we've got to find more big deals, we've got to find more OEMs, we've got to find more key options, like Sysmex is a great example. We have very little Sysmex business, but it's coming on strong for us, as an example so...
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, so in terms of gross margin, yeah, it's a combination of mix and FX, that's the two biggest drivers in that order, having the overall year-over-year gross margin slightly down. But, you know, as the guide at the start of the year, we thought we’d be roughly flat operating margins for the full fiscal year. And given our first half performance here, we’re actually ahead of that plan. I won’t go as far as guarantee that we’ll be increasing margins year-over-year, but still flat year-over-year is definitely looking much more easily obtainable and hopefully there’s up side.
Charles Kummeth: There's that famous da Vinci caricature that everybody tries to use in cell and gene therapy, and all the pieces of that workflow, which are a good dozen or more. And with our JV consortium, we've got most of the boxes checked. But there's some -- there are some areas, yeah, I think we could do more to help differentiate that the world is searching for. I think spatial-based Genomics, single-cell Genomics in a spatial capacity is a big area. It’s going to -- there's still a lot of innovation happening there. A lot of small companies are making a lot of progress. We’re looking at a lot of ideas there. I think reporter systems is another area. The major parts of the workflow, I think, are covered, but there are some things that could help us differentiate, as well. And, of course, we don't have a viral vector approach. I mean, we could always go more towards where the mainstream is right now, too, should we find an opportunity that made sense. And then we're going to be partnering with a lot of these CROs, so that could be a lot of opportunities. I think that covers the M&A in that direction. I think -- I still don't see us expanding in the podium -- our podium beyond where we are into like say NAFTAC or HPFC or NMR, things like that. That's not us. There's a lot of competition, it's hard to really be the kind of margins that we'd like to be in to go that direction. But, again, close to spatial measurements, single-cell analysis, next-generation flow, these solutions that use antibodies with their synergies of us all make sense. So, we're always hunting those directions. We're always in the hunt for expanding our portfolio. They’re smaller but we have -- we're arranging for an NFL. We have whole cell applications now. There are -- Elisa areas out there that are chunky in nature that expand our assay portfolio. Those all make sense. Smaller antibody companies, should they be there for us at the right price. There’s a few in Europe we like, as an example. They are always interesting to us. 
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, the right number is 20%. Of course, we're going to push them for more. But the number for you is 20%. And I feel really bullish, because RNA scope is still way underpenetrated. We are still building our relationship with LICA, and the numbers are being dramatically better. We are working with Ventana, as well, at this point. We are looking at other lower-end instant partnerships, or a way to do things to try and go after that lower-level, mid-level hospital or pathologist that really wants to move from IAC antibody world to molecular pathology. I think there's a big opportunity there. So, we have a lot of interest in that. Our new design basecoat application is finding growth, The DNA scope will come out end of this fiscal year, which we know there’s a ton of interest in. This HiPlex is just getting off the ground and we just filed, as we’ve been talking about for a quarter or so. A new extension to that HiPlex technology that’s going to get us into the multiples of 12 into targets. You start looking at an assay kit-based approach that can give you single-cell revolution for 40 to a hundred different targets at a time, that becomes really, really interesting to a lot of big companies out there in this space. So, that's all coming. So, I feel very good about 20%-plus going forward for years.
Charles Kummeth: Well, as you know, Alex, we don't give guidance. We're still on track for 10% or better for the year. But we have been guiding over the years saying an 8 to 12 kind of a range we want to be in, and we kind of moved that guidance this year for maybe 10 to 12. But your comments may be prudent that it may be an 8 to 12 for this quarter, given these headwinds we're looking at. The China alone, if we're 2025 moving to say 10 or 15 because of the virus, you can do your own math. But I'm sure it's going to shave a point, I would think, off of the potential we could do this quarter. Everyone's in the same boat. But, you know, and it's a tough comp for us, the toughest we've ever had. So -- but overall, the business looks pretty good in most categories. And Europe's coming back pretty well, our instant business interest is a good uptick. We mentioned North America is pretty strong. We've got 75% year-over-year lead increases. Our marketing, our commercial engine is just so much better than it was a couple years ago. And we're spending -- we’re spending on more ad words. We’re getting a $10 to $1 on investment on SEO. So, I’m telling this team keep spending until you get an antidote and we haven't found it yet. So, for some reason we’re seeing double-digit growth in both proteins and antibodies across the board, especially in North America. We’ve got to get more of that going in the quarter in Europe, which we will. Asia's doing great, Japan's in a good spot, India is accelerating high-double digits. And China will take a blip here, but it will just be a blip for a quarter, I'm sure.
Charles Kummeth: Well, some of its one-off, some of its serendipity, some of it’s the way these timings on these projects are. We’re just seeing an uptick in these platforms again. But I think they’re still a risk. We’re not out of the woods, I don't think, in Germany overall. I don’t think we’re out of the woods yet on ELISA in Europe. Our other areas like dual sets, most products are doing pretty well. We are definitely selling an awful lot of bulk, and that usually kind of comes and goes in cycles. But I think the biggest thing is we have to get down to basics with our sales force country by country, going off of and building off of the acquisitions we did. And then we started working -- getting people to work together and train them and teach them what Bio-Techne is and doing the cross-selling, I'm not happy yet. I think there was -- there was more growth around picking off low-hanging fruit from going direct from depending on distributors than it was about true cross-selling good growth. And we're also, I think, weak in our inside sales, weaker than we are in the US. We’re going to need to beef that up. Inside sales for our model is very important. You can depend on your web, and, oh, that's great, but when you're selling over a quarter million different SKUs, and it's a catalog business, you've really got to have a strong inside sales group, as well. And we need to work on that, also, in Europe. So, there’s a lot of levers we're pulling, but there’s a lot of levers we're going to add and pull harder on. And that’s why I have a little more renewed faith that we can get Europe going again. Now, Europe -- this was a bad quarter, and we've mentioned it for a quarter or two, as you mentioned. I think the couple years we were at 15% to 20% growth I think that's going to be a reach. But this getting back, as Jim said, to high single-digit growth where Europe should be is, I think, very, very, you know, possible and it should happen. It may take a quarter to get there but I think this quarter will give it a good shot.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah. We’re already focused on kitting this, per se, right now. We are going after FDA approval, but not as a stand-alone non-doctor associated kit. We won't be on TV anytime in the future, okay? Is the one thing. The demand we're creating around direct marketing and web and SEO is going to be pretty dramatic. I think it's going to help a lot. We are moving on getting patients and starting the studies for both bladder as well as kidney rejection, and of course, they’re off urine, so it's not that hard for us to do. And we're working on partnership ideas to get going on the plasma side. So, both the lung and the breast indications which are validated, we think they work and are ready for clinicals. So, I think we're looking at a couple years, maybe under two years, for the urine-based one, depending how they go. Again, we have to get studies written and get them included and it would depend on the timing of that. Probably picking a bigger Mac wouldn't hurt. A little quicker Mac. So, there’s some decisions to make. But one half to two years is the short answer for you, but if you look at five years we're going to have a half a dozen things and hopefully a half a dozen partnerships as well so...
Charles Kummeth: Well thanks. We appreciate all the interest. Overall a decent quarter, not as we had hoped but I think we have our hand in all the right levers and I think it's just fine for our year end. So all good going forward. Our team is pretty energized. There is a lot of great stuff happening here a lot of great finds and we're excited about it. So forward to talking to you more next quarter.
Jim Hippel: And what the margin front needed as pertains to Diagnostics, as we see the cash collection start to ramp here, as Chuck mentioned, we’re already seeing it ramp here in January, the cost will not be ramping at the same rate that revenue is. But we should see less and less dilution going forward, although not profitable yet, see less and less dilution going forward from assays on Diagnostics. And that’s why we have confidence in our operating margin continuing to increase sequentially from here over all the company.
Jim Hippel: Let me address this specifically around that. So we’ll be back in New York this fall giving another update, which we do every other year. And the new five-year plan, we'll have a number like 4.5 billion not 1.2. If we look back a year, the 1.2, we sort of lost a year if you talk about Exosome Diagnostics. And that was in the numbers for this 1.2. But we didn't have any cell and gene therapy in those numbers. And there will be some cell and gene therapy by 2023 as well. But all in for 2024 five years out we're at 1.5 because there's a strong cell and gene therapy component. And we still are -- that message is 150 million or more hopefully with Exosome Diagnostics. So those two growth drivers are still intact. And of course, everything honest, it has to be as well. I mean, we have never promised more than mid-single digit growth in our core and we've been doing materially better than that. So there is some hedge in that 4.5, so we still feel very bullish about that kind of number looking our four and then five years.
Jim Hippel: Yeah, no, you spoke well on it. In terms of the M&A pipeline, it's as robust as it's always been, it's more about finding the right deals at the right price. And, you know, right now the ones that are more of greater interest tend to be smaller in nature like they have been more recently. But as you point out, our balance sheet is in the best shape it's been in a long time, so should a bigger deal make itself available, we'd be happy to participate. 
Jim Hippel: I want to say one more thing on that, too. It hasn't come up much, but the revenue looking like it is, and you add back that transactional SF, we’re essentially on consensus. The operating excellence of our business is on our ability to look midway in this quarter and start to do the right things like good operation leaders do, because we have a very experienced team running these divisions and running these units. They've done an exceptional job and that's why we had the margin result that we did. And I feel confident we're going to be right on track, as Jim says, to our goals and our -- the guidance we gave for annual for our margins year-end. I think the revenue is harder than the bottom line. Can’t always predict the top line, but you can predict how you’re going to finish the bottom line, and we’re doing a pretty good job, I think, of managing our costs.
