Jim Hippel: Good morning and thank you for joining us as we discuss the second quarter results of fiscal year 2015. Also on the call this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the remarks made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements. The company’s 10-K for fiscal year 2014 identified certain factors that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements made during this call. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the company’s other SEC filings are available on the company’s website within its Investor Relations section.  During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on the company’s press release issued earlier this morning or on the Bio-Techne Corporation website at www.biotechne.com.  One other item before we get started, and as I mentioned last quarter, please note that the commentary today regarding the total company’s Q2 organic growth by end market and geography do not include performance of protein platforms.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Chuck.
Jim Hippel: There will be fluctuations with timing of investments versus revenue. I think it’s important to remind you that year-to-date, our op margins, our adjusted operating margins are 41%, and that’s probably more indicative of what we see going forward.
Jim Hippel: Yeah, and Jeff, all this share data will be in the Q as well, but if you actually pull out the CyVek dilutive impact this quarter, the adjusted op margins for ProteinSimple would have been north of 20%, so about a doubling of their op margins just in one year. So they’re on a very, very nice trajectory, and as Chuck mentioned, our longer term models have them hitting 30% range, so they’re definitely on that track. 
Jim Hippel: Yeah, I’d say for the next couple quarters, although we do expect there to be some revenues ramping up here in the coming quarters. There’s continuous investment that’s going right along with it, so we see it being dilutive for the next couple quarters but our goal all along is for that to become accretive after about a year, [indiscernible].
Jim Hippel: The early indication is actually from the ProteinSimple sales force themselves, which have embraced this new product line and are just absolutely excited to get out there and start selling it.
Jim Hippel: But at a high level, we do track metrics regarding order taking on the web versus phone and fax, which is kind of the traditional way of doing business. Those metrics continue to dramatically improve, and we’re moving towards electronic-based overtaking them.
Jim Hippel: On an absolute dollar basis, it was PrimeGene. PrimeGene had some very large orders with a very large customer that tend to be lumpy, and that impacted PrimeGene. Novus was in the mid to high single digit growth rate, so they performed as planned.
Jim Hippel: It’s a combination of stuff that got pulled in last quarter and a couple of orders that pushed out this quarter, so you’ve got to kind of look at it over the year-to-date to get a true sense of the trajectory.
Jim Hippel: Yeah. I mean, it definitely is early days for Q2. Literally, this was getting all finalized in the last couple weeks of the quarter, so there’s fairly minimal, if any, impact in Q2. 
Jim Hippel: It actually impacted the two that have been kind of [indiscernible] this call, which is the PrimeGene and our C2B business, which has the most OEM large account-type business, and those were impacted the most.
Charles Kummeth: I think overall, we’re just under 40% total, all-in. We’re looking forward--you know, as we do acquisitions and we’re integrating them, we’re gaining some back. We expect to be in that range, low-40s going forward. It’s a combination of the mix with our core business. In our core business, our margins are virtually flat. We’ve been watching that very carefully with our investments, along with our operating promotions and competitive strategies, and overall our core has done pretty well. We’ve done a pretty good job of taking cost out in the biotech area, which is our biggest business as well.  We’re getting some leverage - I mean, we had some actual leverage in clinical controls. We actually increased our margins off of just the scale of business more than anything else.
Charles Kummeth: Sure. You know, our goal along with buying instruments businesses is to find leverage, synergies with our content, so what we had in mind from the very beginning was to qualify antibodies because we have a large portfolio of them ourselves. We also through Novus have the largest portfolio really of anyone in the world, and we’re looking through those and we’re trying to find the runners and the ones that people are most interested in, and qualifying them on this instrument. What that means is we’ll do the [indiscernible] for the customer, so we will figure out the dilution factor and the levers you pull to make these things actually run at their best performance on this instrument without wasting content that the customer [indiscernible] has to do.  This is done online, so we have a trademark certification symbol, so when you look up and you search for the reagents online on our website, you will see which ones are certified for this platform and which ones are not. That’s a big promotion - we’re just starting it. I mean, the ink is just drying on all this stuff right now. So the catalog is virtually online, as they are all now, and there’s roughly 600 that are certified ready to go and are for sale. We have actually uploaded 135,000-plus antibodies on both the Novus site and the R&D Systems site, so we’re well ahead of, I think, our original schedule for integrating Novus and the antibody portfolio into the norm here. So this phase is next with that ProteinSimple piece, and on to Ella next.
Charles Kummeth: I will make one comment. We want to do 1,000, and it’s harder than you think. We’ve kind of indicated what customers have been telling us, that it’s hard to make antibodies work as advertised on all these kind of platforms, and we discovered that firsthand as well and we’re experts in both the content and the instrument, obviously. So we’re at 600. Over the coming years, we’ll probably get into thousands, but customers are right - you’ve really got to do some work here to make these things work the way you want, and they’re not all created equal. So my team was a little bit down, thinking golly, they missed the 1,000 antibody goal. I was actually kind of happy because they vindicated what customers have been saying. So hopefully we can do that heavy lifting for the customer and that’s just going to create a whole other layer of value for us. 
Charles Kummeth: Sure. Europe is still a mixed bag. We talked last quarter about the softness in Germany in particular, and it’s still soft for us. It’s even a little soft in France. The rest of Europe is really okay. The U.K. is doing great. So it’s a little bit mix. It is timing. Academia was stronger overall there, but timing was more just the bio-pharma. We got a lot of large accounts, and that’s kind of bouncing back. It’s very similar to last year - you know, we had a lot of negativity in our immunoassays and our [indiscernible], and it bounced back very nicely this year through timing of larger orders with these larger companies. So there is a bit of that we’re all learning here as well to deal with, so that kind of covers that. In terms of the rebound here in the academia and government, I think Fisher is a big component of that. We’re still trying to measure where it is all coming in, where it’s all landing. It’s kind of hard to measure, to be honest, processing hundreds of thousands of accounts, and I think the progress in our website--you know, we have the IT team from Novus on staff. We have the head of the company from Novus is our head of marketing now, and she is doing a brilliant job on working on our website and our ecommerce overall here, and that’s also helping. We’re getting more activity in our website, so there’s some of that. But I would have to say the biggest impact, I think, is just the incremental steady improvements in growth via Fisher. They’ve been doing a great job for us, and as we learn how to help each other more and work together, it’s been beneficial. Again, a lot of these academic institutions, they just have that big blue Fisher button for the lab stock online, and being part of that internal Fisher [indiscernible] to these universities is a major plus, and we’re at the platinum level so we get special treatment, and we’re really happy to have that. So all told, I think last year we talked about every quarter was negative double digits. Last quarter, we were negative 6, I think, and this quarter now combined we’re up 1, almost flat on just academia alone, so a pretty good move in the right direction. I don’t think it’s going to be overnight, high single digits or anything, but it’s just incremental steady progress and those are the reasons. Over time as we get more content and we have more full solutions, and I just talked about the certified antibodies, all this is going to add to the core and it’s going to help.
Charles Kummeth: We’re probably in the third inning in China. We’re just getting started. We’ve grown from 12 people to 100 in the just under two years I’ve been here. Most of the sales people are PrimeGene, the acquisition we did there that we went from roughly that doze to 30 or so in the commercial side, and now we also have a ProteinSimple team there as well, so all told about 100. We’re looking for other assets and investments there as well. We’ll keep building out the team. It is a big set of complex channels to deal with. We have bounced back nicely. We never really were overly impacted too much by the audit scenarios there. I think it’s a much bigger issue for instant players than us. So we’re working hard and it’s going pretty well. As we go forward, we’re building out a new factory with PrimeGene and that’s underway. We’re looking at another factory in Suzhou for other content strategies that I won’t elaborate on today, but we have a lot of things up our sleeve here for going bigger in China. We’re going where the action is. Whether we hold a full 25% growth for the full year, we’ll see. We’re still kind of on track for 20-plus for sure. It should be better than most anybody else out there, given our teams, and we’re pretty bullish.  When you’re in the content space in this whole area in China, it’s very nascent. Stem cell research is a good example. It’s just--you know, and tissue research, it’s just exploding there and it’s just early days.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, we have a kind of 30-month fuse here on hitting the next milestone, so that’s kind of the guidance we’re giving. Since we’re about eight months or so ahead of forecasts or schedule on picking up control, you can assume that we’re going to be ahead of schedule on the launch as well. I think we’ll be probably at between the million and $2 million run rate within the year here, within a quarter or two - we’ll see. The launch is just starting. We’re really excited about the naming, the branding. Everything about it looks great, looks pretty nice. The content is ready to go for a good launch. We have the right set of larger customers that are very interested. Again, long term we’re hoping this becomes a companion diagnostic standard. It’s getting more momentum and more interest the more we work with it, and now we’ve got a 100-person commercial sales force with ProteinSimple to actually help take it up. We don’t have to reinvent the wheel here with the acquisition of CyVek, so they’re all very excited about it. The training is all completed, form, fit and factor is done, colors, everything is done, promotion. So the launch begins and we’re hopeful of good news for you in a quarter or two here.
Charles Kummeth: So soon we’ll know how to sell new instrument platforms on ProteinSimple, so we’re counting on big things.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, well as Jim pointed out, year-on-year we’ve gone from 11 and change to near-18 on ProteinSimple, so they’re ramping pretty fast as we build scale. We’ve always said that long term, that business should get into the mid-30s for op margins, in that range. It won’t probably get all the way to content, but we’re talking about a platform that’s roughly 70% gross margin, and over time as we have more consumables go with that business, the mix is going to improve it some. The IT, we think is very sound - that’s the key to all this, of course. Most instrument businesses are in the 50s and so on, so we’re pretty bullish to get to the low to mid-30s here within the next year or two.
Charles Kummeth: I think--you know, we all just came back from [indiscernible]. I think everyone would agree that things are looking pretty good overall in this industry. Currency and the world stuff is the biggest drag, in particular when you’ve got Japan going from the high 80’s to near $1.20. It is going to affect the buying and purchasing power of distributors in Japan, so we’re seeing that.  Other competitive issues I guess reacting to us, we are seeing some. I mean, the Abcams of the world, we see them noticing us more; but overall in general, we’re very unique and most of our competitors are very small. I worry more about their narrow focus and what they do independently, so it’s kind of a mixed bag. We don’t--we’re not really out there worrying about what a Thermo Fisher might do or something like that. We’re mostly partnering with these bigger guys, thinking of them more like partners as well. We’re doing a lot of things with Thermo [indiscernible] future. We have projects with virtually everyone out there because we make do for everything, so. But I do worry about these smaller companies being stronger. I always worry about what’s the next Lenovo in this industry in China coming after, because there’s a lot of new entrants, a lot of new things coming in China, and we’ve got to watch that one. But for the most part, nothing that I would tell you that we need to re-look at our strategy. Our strategies, I think are working. I think they’re the right strategies. I think we’re going to continue them. We just finished this year’s version of our strategic plan, and other than adding a new chapter for protein platforms, nothing much has changed for now. I think we’re most excited about just getting back to some positive growth here in the academia area, and just hoping like everyone else that the NIH funding continues to improve. Should it not, we’re going to be going after share with these strategies we’re talking about.
Charles Kummeth: Well, the launch is really just happening, so it’s too early to tell. We looked at some other names, and Ella was the winner, and I really like it. Everyone is just in love with it. It has a look and feel - we’ve got the color scheme of the West. It looked like brother and sister out there, it’s all by design. This group knows how to market stuff, they know how to sell stuff, so we’re pretty pumped to see what happens here. So it’s early. Next quarter would be the better time to answer that question with some initial data, but the ink isn’t even dry on this stuff.
Charles Kummeth: It’s really been positive, to the point where we’re trying to remind everybody, let’s not forget about West now too, guys. 
Charles Kummeth: That’s a good question, and yes we did. But you might remember this coming quarter a year ago, all of us suffered about five days of loss in shipments. We’re a run rate business, and we dug through that pretty well, but we definitely have a couple days at this point for this quarter that are impacting us. In our business, when the researchers don’t go into work, they don’t use stuff; and if they’re not using stuff, they don’t need to order more stuff. So it isn’t like instruments where it’s not a big impact, so we’ve got a couple days to worry about but so does everybody else. 
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, with PrimeGene, there is definitely what I would call more timing, so that’s really an OEM-type business model and we have a lot of timing orders with them right now. It’s not overly material - it’s pretty small, but that would be that. I think in Novus, I think we’re pretty close to being on target. We’re really focused on integrating, so these guys have been great in terms of really getting involved with our team here and they help us on the IT side in getting all this stuff online and the content going and the website re-skin. If you looked at our website and how it’s changed in the last couple of months, that’s all due to Novus people really helping our IT people and getting on this. So it’s moving. Europe, I’d say a little bit--if anything, there might be a little bit of softness in Europe in there. There, we’ve got normal integration issues. We’re harmonizing distributors and things like that, so there is the normal kind of stuff to work through, but nothing material.
Charles Kummeth: Probably not, because I really want to fully integrate Novus into R&D Systems, so. Our biotech division will have all this stuff in it, and we’ll report division results for contents sake.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, and a lot of cross-selling is happening now, and I will mention since Jim brought it up here too, that a little over less than two years ago when I joined, two-thirds of all orders were phone and fax. You guys have always heard these fun facts, which is still kind of amazing, but we’ve reduced that by a factor of two here, so we’re roughly a third to 40% now. So a lot of that is better ecommerce, better web systems online now. A lot of it is Fisher, more EDI. We’re slowly getting into the 21st century here.
Charles Kummeth: Well you remember last quarter, I think we were roughly 13% growth in clinical controls, so it’s all timing. We’re 6% year-to-date, and we’re going to end right on schedule there forecast, maybe even a little bit better. It’s all timing. Again, this is very much an OEM-driven business as well, and we have some order timing.
Charles Kummeth: Bionostics is really working according to plan there. Their funnel, their pipeline is pretty healthy. It’s in line with the core business here that we integrated into, our hematology controls business. They’ve always been kind of steady as she goes between 5 and 7%, and we don’t see any issue with that.
Charles Kummeth: No, it will stay on our biotech side. I believe in a matrix model here, and that’s what we’re running. The consumables and the cartridges with CyVek would probably for the short term be with protein platforms, but all reagents, all antibodies, all that will be biotech, and I want these teams working together and they’ve got to work towards the big picture together.  In terms of any contribution, it’s just really launched in the last month or so, so there’s probably some incremental. It’d be hard to measure, but it will grow in time. As you know, Amanda, there are no home run products in this space. It’s a thousand paper cut kind of model, so. 
Charles Kummeth: It’s mainly to get the website, get stuff on. They’ve been getting it ready to go all quarter, but getting everything online to be positioned and certified with this new trademark symbol we came up, all that, it takes time to get that even to register in customers’ minds.
Charles Kummeth: Well ultimately, we hope it keeps going up. I don’t think we’re going to see big chunks of going up. I think it’s just going to keep kind of plugging along here and just keep moving in the right direction. I think as you know, we’ve had a lot of change in the guard in that team, and Greg Herrema, who runs all of Fisher now, is a pretty good friend of mine, so we’re doing more and more things, talking together. I’ve been really surprised at just how open the life tech side of that business has been with us, and they were also discussing things, so we’ve got a lot of connections with people. [Indiscernible] who they are at life tech, but we’ve got good relationships, so it’s been very good. Hopefully they’ll keep focusing on us and keep promoting us, and we’ll keep working with them. There’s all these things called punch-outs and there’s all this stuff, software for the ecommerce side, so you have to have a continued strong working relationship on the IT side to make this whole thing work university by university. The numbers they give us are hundreds of thousands out there, so it’s all about getting in front of them and making sure that they are thinking at Fisher. As long as they’re doing that, we’ll play along. Now in parallel, we still have our own direct approach and we have our own kind of home accounts. Fisher doesn’t have an exclusivity issue with us at all, so that hasn’t been an issue either. So working together, we’ll get more, they’ll get more, and with more funding happening hopefully it will help. But I think this gives us the time we need to also talk--we talk a lot about our strategies with KOLs and more prioritization, and creating more important, more difficult, more G&P-related content here, and ultimately innovation wins. So if we keep building the best portfolio for high quality content with the premium R&D Systems brand behind it, we’re going to get more wallet share out there. That’s the ultimate strategy for us. There is innovation and there is channel, and you need them both.
Charles Kummeth: Well, there’s always risk, and I think over time we’re going to have to eat a few of our children. But right now, there really hasn’t been. We’re really focusing our strategies on any accounts that really came on stage last year towards the low end and have walked away from the premium R&D Systems, so we’re attacking there first. It’s been very successful initially with the Novus and PrimeGene brands. I think as you find bigger accounts that are in the middle with multiple cow points and you’ve got both R&D Systems brand, they’re burgeoning, but they’re also buying our competitor, it gets harder, it gets more difficult. But we’re working our way through it. I think ultimately you’ve got to do it over the web with that academia sector, with an optimum web experience, and that’s what we’re focusing on in the long term to try and manage this. Long term, we’ll have an integrated search engine-based web that will have all brands, and you’ll be able to really pick what you want and you’ll be able to even buy from different sites all in the same basket, shopping cart, and move from there. We’re a year or less away from that, so more coming but it’s kind of like that.
Charles Kummeth: It’s hard to measure, but we know we’re getting some impact there. We’ve also brought in a couple more finance people on board as we continue to build out our systems here, and we’re working our way towards having data warehousing and the right data mining, so we’ll have more of this kind of data to work from. 
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, I’d say a pretty insightful question, Paul. I would say we did get hit a little bit in the end, mainly on the OEM side. I don’t know if it was the timing of the holidays or what, but some of the timing we alluded to kind of got us in the last couple weeks. We still pulled out 4% organic growth, so we’re pretty happy, so we’ll see what happens. But there was a little bit of seasonality there, and we’re trying to figure out is it really seasonality or was there something else somewhere. 
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, it’s really hard right now with so early, and we had weather involved already, so even our data this week, it’s the storm that hit the midwest yesterday. So I would say it’s not record breaking yet due to weather mainly, so we’ll see how it shakes out as we go further in. This month generally isn’t--you know, January isn’t a great month for us to begin with, so we’ll how it goes. But we don’t have any early indications of peril or anything yet here, so I think we’re all watching the same things - currency being what it is, and Russia, Japan, et cetera. I think it’s a little bit guarded out there. On a positive sense, I haven’t seen anyone’s numbers that match ours in China, so we seem to be kind of head of the pile there in China, so that’s probably where we’ll keep focusing. 
Charles Kummeth: All right, well I think this is a record for us for length of time in the call. I appreciate it from all of you. If there’s any more questions, we do have time; otherwise, I’ll make a slow-winded goodbye and thank you for everything. We’ll talk to you next quarter.
