Chuck Kummeth: Sure Amanda. Well, we were very transparent starting about a year ago and we saw the growth rates slipping dramatically. And when you do an acquisition in Silicon Valley, you can expect about a quarter of the people to leave and head on and buy the next lottery ticket. We did see a lot of that. In fact, four of the top five managing teams moved on and we expected that. We kept [indiscernible] key guys was the Head of R&D and Development he has run the business for us and has done a great job. The commercial team however was definitely a little more lacking than we thought and we had to make additional changes quite early, and you guys know all about that. So overall, we turned over roughly 60% of commercial organization, including marketing some of those early first couple of quarters, which obviously is going to cause a big hit to the business and top lines. But those changes were made, I think, very well and very soundly and with great new people, great new head of marketing. We’ve changed the whole way we go to market, we’ve changed the way we address the customer, we’ve change the collateral, we’ve change the way we address customers at their trade shows. And most importantly, we’ve done a lot of synergy work with the biotech divisions. The instruments need reagents. Now we did this acquisition because there’s a lot of synergies with reagents of R&D Systems branded products. They’ve been working together quite strong, quite well. Our head of our commercial organization in the North America, Europe, and Asia side, biotech has worked closely with the organization there in protein platforms, and that also has paid off. We actually have new organizational work together on leads, drive the leads, both reagents [Indiscernible] the hardware side, and so we get new customers from both sides of this, which is working. Which we thought it would work. I guess that’s really whether we can say right now. The marketing looks solid. Our lead generation is up dramatically over a year ago, and we’re making progress.  Now, say we’re going to we were 25% last quarter, 29% this quarter. Also the first two quarters of last year about flat or negative. I don’t we’re not going to sit here and say we’re to be 30% or plus going forward. But I do think double digit growth going forward is what we’ve been telling people, and we expect that. If we don’t get that, we will make more changes. This is a great and it’s not a one trick pony anymore. It’s not just a western blot platform. As we mentioned, we’ve got three solid platforms in this division, all driving growth all working at double digit growth right now. So, that provides more safety as well. It should get near to $100 million business this year, and we hope, as we mentioned, we think it’s got legs to get to $100 million or so higher. This year, positions in western blot and below is still single digits here. We’ve got a lot of room. And the biologics side is a nice surprise, the way it’s growing. It’s also a decent market. Then there are new applications coming out all the time. New papers coming out. We’ve been very thrilled with the acceptance we’ve seen, and we’re hoping we’re actually crossing an inflection point, continuing the strong growth we’re seeing. We will see.
Chuck Kummeth: I think with ACD in the mix, that’s probably we were saying more like 650 million, 700 million with all of the currency hits before that. But it’s in that range. We cannot get to 1 billion without further acquisitions, but I think, run the math, run the models, run our growth rate of 8% or so or plus going forward, we should get close to that. Important factor, we also want to get these margins strong as well, so it goes together.
Chuck Kummeth: No one is more disappointed than us to see the last week of the quarter, the Brexit hit and what we took with that, because we’re UK based in Europe; we’re a U.S. based business here. So, it is what it is there. We’ll dig out of that pretty quickly we think. Last quarter, we beat pretty soundly at 42.5% op margins [indiscernible] closer to plan, I think 39% or right around that range. And as Jim mentioned, with the dilution this coming year with ACD and then Zephyrus, what we’re doing, mid 30%s is a safe number. And we’ll be climbing back to that 40%, working on productivity, working on synergies and doing what we’ve done already a couple of times. We have been in this high 30% before and clawed our way back to 40%, and we’ve mentioned that and we’re going to drive that. So productivity is going to be key. We will not over-invest. We’re going to try to invest in systems and people and things that create synergies and can create value. We’ve got a pretty good team, a lot of experience and a lot of big companies that know how to do this. We actually have more opportunities, more things prioritizing than we can even do. So the list of things we’d like to do is a pretty long list. So I mentioned, we’re disciplined, we think we are very disciplined. And we understand how important it is to keep the margin in focus and I think we’ve done a really good job [indiscernible].
Chuck Kummeth: That’s hard to say. I doubt it. I think we will see how, ACD is in the press release. We bought them, and in the trailing 12 months, they were over a 50% grower. If we can keep that going, then who knows? It’s a business like our business. They make reagents, put them in little tubes, stick them in a box and sell them as kits with very high gross margins; we like that kind of business. And if that growth rate continues, it’s going to climb in the profitability range very quickly. And we’re going to, we have not discussed where the synergy is commercially. We’ve invested as a Company commercially, and that’s why they’re at where they’re at. And we have to wait out an 18-month earn out, work together with them, but there is a lot of synergies. But for sure, China and Europe, there’s a little Company did not leverage the reach we have. So we’ll see how fast they can dig into the land of profitability. But to say they’re going to give us 3, 4, 5 points of margin for the Company, that’s probably a reach. But we’ll see.
Chuck Kummeth: If you back up a year or two, we talked about when you annualize these acquisitions, they were strong growers. We should be in that 8 to 12 range, which is a pretty big band, I understand that, and we’re kind of there now. It really comes down to, if ProteinSimple stays in that 20% region or better, we’re going to be, should be at 1% or better. The better question is, why is biotech division doing so well? It’s continued to do well five, six quarters in a row. We had an 8% quarter; this is really sound. And it’s just not just one reason, thank God for that. The website has been an amazing success. But academia, which is still a big portion of our business, it’s something like $800,000 or whatever report you want to believe. But our average order size, remember, is still like $900 or something like that. So you have to deal with this model of growth through the web. You can’t touch all of these people with just sales. You have to have a model that has a really nice quick, sharp-type web engine, an SEO engine, and then delivery mechanism. And we’ve overhauled ours and it’s working well. With more online activity and more touches on our website, you get more orders, and that’s one piece. Fisher Helms started out slow last year for us but ended pretty well and things were improving. I think they had their own growing and band of pains with absorbing life tech. And movement internally with their TSRs, which we’re constantly retraining now and stuff. So that’s improving as well. We’re depending on Fisher still, and it’s helping. And then biotech pharma has been strong and remains strong, and it’s even getting better. And we’re doing a lot more, we’ll call it custom work. We’re doing -- we’re developing -- we’re getting more known in the industry and we’re being approached more and more for very difficult assignments for developing reagents, proteins, antibodies, etcetera for these customers and being paid an amazingly nice premium for it. And there’s a nice reorder benefit as well. Roughly about half of that work is going in our catalog, so we like it. And that’s why we see this 500% increase [indiscernible]. There’s a lot of those things, those three things we stay in place, I think you’re going to see biotech division in the mid single digits or better in the growth region. That’s what we expect. That was the plan and we are executing to that point so.
Chuck Kummeth: Say it again? Oh, ERP. I’ve been involved in five of them; none of them have ever been flawless. We’ve all heard horror stories with some of our peers are really suffering. I come from a very large Company that actually had operations shut down for weeks. We’ve seen none of that, but we are definitely seeing the pain in the first month of the preliminary ERP. We are ready for it; we have temps in place. We are working through digging it out. We expect to be in decent shape end of the quarter. And you have the usual stuff -- you’ve got back orders growing wild. You find out that orders are held up because one stock number was screwed up or wasn’t right and so it’s holding up the order. We have the usual percentage of customer information is inaccurate, so it’s not going out being held up the order. So you have got to claw through all of that stuff. And we’re not making airplanes here, right? It’s a complex business. There’s a lot of products, a lot of orders, a lot of SKUs, which is the life blood of what EFP is supposed to handle with all of that complexity. So even though we’re just a $500 million business, we have the complexity of something much larger. So overall, I’m actually pretty impressed. This is by far one of the better ERP implementations we’ve done. But we’ve definitely have some work to do to be to claim victory and say we’re really humming along here like we are say with the website design. So it will take a quarter or two, I think, to work out all the kinks. But it is what it is; it’s ERP.
Chuck Kummeth: That’s a good question. I’m actually not that happy with China this last quarter; it’s actually our worst quarter in years here, with mid-teen growth. And the reason for that is this bayou scandal that’s happened. We sell a lot of products into what we call the academic therapeutics, where we had institutions working on therapies without re-approval of the CFDA. So the CFDA now has their hooks into all this and the government has shut down a lot on what’s going on in academia. And you’ve got to realize, academia in China is a lot bigger percentage of the overall market that it is anywhere else because China funds academia very well, as you know. We’re talking about hundreds of institutions. So we took a bit of a hit there, but for the year it was 20% growth, which part of your question is very good number. Then last year we were like 25% and it was like 25% as well. We see that continuing, even as we scale. We’re still not that big in China. I think when you add all our businesses together with PPD as well, I think we’re roughly a $40 million business, it was $12 million three years ago, so we’ve come a long way, but there’s a way to go. The key to China is customers, customers, customers. It’s a direct model and we keep adding sales people, you cover it province and city-by-city. We have to have strong leaders. We’ve had almost zero attrition, which is remarkable. The leadership we have in China as well as overall Asia is wonderful. And we did a good job with our people; we hired great people. We constantly have really good people trying to get to us. R&D Systems brand is really well known in China. As, many of the leaders of institutions in China running things academia wise are actually Chinese, but they’re U.S. Chinese. They are U.S. citizens; they are people that have gone back. They call them sea turtles. We have a large amount of researchers in China that actually were educated in the U.S. but know our brand and know our Company. So, we really carry the same weight there as we do here in the U.S., known for our premium brand, our quality, our service etcetera and so on. That is the key to it and we hope to leverage that across the new businesses. Our ACD people as well as the [Indiscernible]. And we’ve not seen that chapter hit yet. That chapter is still yet to come. When that takes off it will get even better.
Chuck Kummeth: We did see an academic increase this quarter. We did pretty well. In China, I would say it’s about like the same thing I mentioned. I think it’s mostly academic anyway. We would still put the business we had supporting therapeutics there with academia, and that took a little bit of a hit this quarter. We think it will take about a year to work through that; it’s not going to be near as tough as the last couple of years, as they run through their corruption scandal policies, etcetera. So we will see.
Chuck Kummeth: We enjoy a wonderful POL network in China. The team there are doctors and scientists themselves; they know each other pretty well. I’m very pleased with our POL network and the visibility we get, the trade shows we drive; there’s literally dozens. We run a good operation and so it’s for selling new hostages for agents and so we’re now, our focus going forward now is really getting instruments pretty aligned and synergistic with that core business, just like we’ve done here. It’s working well [Indiscernible].
Chuck Kummeth: A couple of things. First of all, when you think of our core business, we really are a picks and shovels provider to areas like cancer research, stem cell, and we’re known for quality. So we’re the selection of choice by, especially biotech pharma. And coming back hard in the academic side. We see ACD is the same thing. To say that we’re right in the sweet spot of genomic ACD is probably a reach. It’s really a picks and shovels Company as well, in genomics. Certainly GM aided in 9,000 probes is products. But we like it because it’s reagents. It’s a kit business, it’s just like our business, and it gets us into that area where we know how to provide picks and shovels. On the clinical control side, same thing, diagnostics. We’re not a full-fledged diagnostics Company, but we supply the upstream reagents, chemistries, kits to the big guys, every one of the big guys that make true diagnostics that are, they go through the pain and agony of the qualifications and regulatory, and we haven’t had to do that. We’re drifting in that direction. We’ve been very clear we would like to get into some of that, maybe in China and some things. We’re very opportunistic, but we’re not going to go full into it. You look at this last quarter on diagnostics: there’s not many doing so well in diagnostics; it’s been a rough quarter. It’s an area you’ve got to be careful, we think. Same thing for genomics. We like the reagents, the support side of the business to start with, and we’ll see. Now with that business, growth beyond $100 million or so, I’ve been very clear, we’d like to continue to build out our regional subsidiary model. We have three divisions today, work on three regions. Five or six divisions would be great, and could be diagnostics, could be genomics, could be media. These are all areas that are very strong adjacencies to what we do today. And as we build critical mass, we’ll make new divisions and in the reported segments. To start with, we won’t be doing that with ACD. They have an 18-month earn out, so there’s, we’ll provide upside help, but they have to be a little bit autonomous for 18 months and then we’ll see how they do. If they get big enough, maybe. More likely an initial, initially they’ll be part of biotech division, but it is too early to call that one.
Chuck Kummeth: Alright. Well, our strongest quarter in years, we have certainly enjoyed seeing 10%. We’re definitely focused on our margins and we’re focused on synergy. We have got more to bake in here. We’re working hard on it, you can be sure of that. Thank you all for joining the call and we will see you hopefully soon. And if not, in New York. Okay? Bye.
