Jim Hippel: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us as we discuss the results of our first quarter of fiscal year 2015. Also on the call today is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the remarks made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements. The company’s 10-K for fiscal year 2014 identifies certain factors that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made during this call. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the company’s other SEC filings are available on the company’s website within its Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the company’s press release issued earlier this morning or on the Bio-Techne Corporation website at www.biotechne.com.  With that said, I will turn the call over to Chuck.
Jim Hippel: Yeah, I understand. It’s a little bit probably if you deduct it, it’d be hotter than the S1, but there was no real pull-through or pull-ahead. It’s just going very well.
Jim Hippel: None of this has impacted our margins, so as I stated in my opening remarks, if you actually strip out all the acquisition activity, our baseline margins are amazingly flat, within 10 basis points flat year-over-year, both in our biotechnology segment as well as in our clinical control segment.
Jim Hippel: Well, our biggest piece is definitely there, but even our protein platform segment now has about—I had that number here. I want to say it’s around 7 or 8% of the revenue is in China, and it’s growing as fast there as it is here.
Jim Hippel: Yeah, Justin, I think it will fluctuate a bit throughout the year. Again, the major piece of our capex this quarter actually was a result of our new acquisition, ProteinSimple, which of course we knew about going in, where they actually moved into a new building this quarter to expand their capacity, so the lion’s share of that capex this quarter was associated with that. We also had some building activity for a facility in the U.K. that requires some expansion that was in our plan, and that will start to occur in the second half of the fiscal year. I expect there will be a bit of a dip in capex and then it will kind of get back up to the levels we’re seeing right now.
Charles Kummeth: Thanks Jim. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. We started our fiscal year 2015 on solid footing with 3% overall organic growth and all of our segments reporting higher sales. Our team has executed very well in an environment where Europe’s economy appears to be slowing and where here in the U.S. our academic market is still very price sensitive, given the multiple past years of lower NIH funding. We completed our previously announced acquisitions of Novus and ProteinSimple in quarter one, and together with prior acquisitions made in fiscal year 2014, the contributed another 24% of revenue growth on top of our base business, and they're building a foundation for future higher organic growth. The integration of these recent acquisitions has been a big focus for our teams early in fiscal year 2015, and they are progressing right on track. The legacy Novus and PrimeGene teams, together with the R&D Systems team have identified hundreds of products that are candidates for rebranding in different markets, such as (indiscernible) with academic, and/or different regions such as China versus North America and Europe to take advantage of each brand’s value proposition in those markets. This rebranding is already happening and a full roll-out is expected in quarter two. Also with the acquisition of Novus, teams have already been established and are working to enhance the customer web experience with Bio-Techne. A powerful web interface was a key enabler for making Novus a supplier of choice in the antibody market and enabler for growth that we see as transferrable to the rest of Bio-Techne’s portfolio. With Novus, we also recruited their founder, Karen Padgett, as VP of marketing, and she is spearheading both the branding and web-enabling projects. With the completion of our recent other acquisition, ProteinSimple, the company has a new reporting segment called protein platform. The protein platform segment expands the solutions that we can offer our customers by developing and commercializing proprietary systems and consumables for protein analysis. We see the potential for other instruments-based acquisitions, including the expect purchase of Cyvek, as discussed in prior calls, that fit this profile and could continue to build out this segment all while utilizing our existing—the Asian portfolio to complete the system offering. In fact, we are in the process of screening a thousand antibodies for specific use with ProteinSimple’s Simple Western product line.  As for ProteinSimple, we completed the acquisition at the end of July, and since then the team has not missed a beat with over 30% growth this quarter compared to the same quarter last year when it operated as an independent company. The 100th West instrument, the desktop version of our Simple Western line, was shipped in quarter one after only being introduced this past January, and we believe this is only the beginning. West is a desktop version of ProteinSimple’s Simple Western product line which dramatically decreases the time of the traditional Western blot process within a lab with greater quality results. Our clinical control segment also continues to perform very well. Now with Bionostics as a part of this segment for almost a whole year – it was acquired last July in 2013 – we saw organic growth from this segment at 10% in quarter one. With this revenue growth also came growth in our adjusted earnings and operating cash flow with our base businesses holding the line on both gross and operating margins. We continue to reinvest wisely so that our investments bring strong returns to our shareholders. Jim, I’ll turn it over to you for a deeper dive now into the financials.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, it was a bit early to say there was any kind of synergies there, and frankly their backlog is struggling to keep up with demand so they actually ended—you know, they started the quarter and ended the quarter with fairly little backlog because they are producing the machines pretty much as fast as they can.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, keep in mind that that gross margin, it was artificially high because of the last two months that that was included for revenue versus expenses. They tend—in insurance-type business, revenues tend to be a bit higher the last month of the quarter, so the pro forma numbers are a better go-forward margin rate to think about.
Charles Kummeth: It’s a bit seasonality, some timing. I was just over there personally in Germany and participated in our sales conferences over there, and it’s really a softening in Germany particularly. It isn’t really Europe, all across Europe. U.K. is actually pretty strong and is just, we think, a sense of what’s coming. We’re pretty quick on those leading indicators as a business, so reagents purchases happen pretty fast, up or down with the ebbs and flow of the markets.
Charles Kummeth: The sentiment has not improved. We were—you know, we were expecting a better year this year, and I think all what’s been going on in Europe here and Russia and stuff is definitely—everybody’s talking about it, right, but Germany is definitely the softest of the bunch. We’re not seeing anything really too far off track for the rest of the year.
Charles Kummeth: Not really for us. Not a whole lot of surprises there. We’re always hunting, but we’re hunting smart. We’re pretty busy digesting and integrating correctly too, so we’re not in any hurry to rush. We have a strong pipeline, as I’ve mentioned more than once, and we’re talking all the time to people, potential partners. We expect to close on Cyvek very shortly here, as an example.Matt Hewitt – Craig Hallum Capital: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Charles Kummeth: Well, we don’t really give guidance, so we’ve talked about our goals. I think you can deduce we have goals to get to a little better than we’re at – we’re 3% organic growth, but we’re not giving guidance. There’s a lot of—you know, we’re coming from a year and a half ago, two years ago negative territory, so we’re trying to rebuild and do things and get really a foundation set for much stronger organic numbers a year out, say, once these acquisitions are organic. I think from a year from now onward, it should be in the 8 to 12 for sure, if things all go well. Until then, I think it’s in this—3 to 5 is probably what you can expect, and we’ve been very clear about that. It could be better, could be worse given a lot of macro factors. I think without Europe and Germany this quarter, it’d have been a little bit better. That was kind of a surprise. There’s always something, right? It’s biotech.
Charles Kummeth: Well actually, remember last year we had a really, really good first quarter because there was some timing with our controls. I think we reported 13% in our core. I think given the integrated Bionostics being around 10, we’re right on track. We’re really happy with the results here and we don’t see a whole lot of variance. That’s one reason we bought Bionostics – you can put a ruler on this business over time. They always deliver, it’s great cash flow, and we’re right on track.
Charles Kummeth: And that’s really exciting too, when you think we had 3% organic growth. That’s offsetting—there’s continued erosion in a lot of areas too, which we’re still battling, which is the reason for these different strategies we’re talking about. So you could think that with Fisher and the promotions and the other added promotions and different new commercial tactics we’re doing, what you guys asked about when I came 18 months ago, is all this going to have a big impact to margins? And you’re seeing it is, and we’re really holding well. I think that just reflects strong brand in R&D Systems, primarily the strength in the biotech pharm market. It isn’t about saving nickels, it’s about quality, and (indiscernible) really offset, mitigate any potential margin erosion due to commercial tactics.Jeff Elliott – Robert W. Baird: Excellent, thanks guys.
Charles Kummeth: It’s something we’re watching, for sure, especially with Fisher because the more they sell, they get—they do really, really well, they get paid more, and we’re watching it. So far, so good.
Charles Kummeth: Well, there’s not a long lead time with our orders, so pretty much the order translates to revenue very, very quickly in our business. Having said that, as we closed out the quarter and into the early part of October here, our sales reps there were reporting a lot more activity, a lot more customer inquiry, et cetera, which again leads us to believe that some of the funding is starting to get released there. So the activity definitely picked up, but not in terms of order intake towards of the end of the quarter. Most of it would have represented—would have been showing revenue. So when you look at it on a monthly basis, yeah, we did end the quarter with higher growth than we started the quarter, so I guess that would suggest that that order intake was higher.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, it’s growing just as fast. Now, if your question is more about academia versus biotech, then yeah – I think there’s a lot of academia, obviously, in China, but it’s very strong academia, it’s well funded.
Charles Kummeth: Japan had a great quarter. They were up near—close to 10% gross. (Indiscernible) in PacRim, a lot of timing issues, and again it was very strong last year, so it’s mid-single digit, as was reported by Jim.
Charles Kummeth: Well as I mentioned, we’re working on hundreds of things – antibodies for the West machines. We’re busy requalifying proteins that were more commodity-level R&D Systems to be rebranded as Novus. We’re in the dozens of those at this point, and they are actually out. We are already selling some PrimeGene made products as R&D Systems brand – they’re already on the catalog and selling. So it’s all coming. It’s never enough for me, but this is unfortunately a business that is sold by—you know, you have to have a catalog and a portfolio of many, not a few, so you have to get to critical mass. We’re getting there. We’re definitely on track. I would say in terms of the integration schedule, Novus has been spectacular. As you know, we’ve got Karen on board. The other general manager there is on board here, is also someone I’ve known from my Thermo Fisher days. We know each other well, he knows our model real well, so we’re moving very quickly. We’re in the midst of actually harmonizing and integrating distribution in the PacRim – that’s coming together very, very well. We have shared histories there as well, so we see potential upside in not only just Japan but the rest of Asia. We’re direct in China, so it’s a matter of combining, getting teams working together – the ProteinSimple team there which is growing and doing very well along with our core team out of Shanghai.
Charles Kummeth: The cost in the Tocris U.K. will actually span two budget cycles. We did that on purpose, but it’s expensive stuff doing this high-end chemistry there, so we’ll get started on that second half. We’ve literally been out of capacity. That’s been a great business and growing also very faithfully in mid to upper single digits, and it’s actually past time to make that investment so we’re working on it now.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, we were busy and kind of, I would say, mid-project on an overall comprehensive Bio-Techne website to improve the user experience. Now with Novus and ProteinSimple, we’re really looking at that and now we’ve got, I’ll say, a better pro with Karen coming on board, and Novus’ site is fantastic and their overall digital platforms and how they enable and drive content through their site is also, I think, amazing, another reason we wanted this deal. They are working through 60 suppliers, 200,000-plus products, and they’ve got on-time delivery as good as ours, and we make everything we sell. So we want to integrate kind of all that, so we’re taking a fresh look at what we do there. We’re probably expanding the R&D site first, I think, enabling with some of the tools and tricks that come with the Novus people, and then we’ll be expanding the Bio-Techne level umbrella second. And think about that as that’s where we’ll improve the SEO, so the search engine capability, so now our ultimate vision is that customers will be online searching, looking for proteins, and get all the varieties for the different tiered brands they have (indiscernible), so they walk away shopping and coming up with something. So it will take quite a few months to get all that put together. I don’t see a beta for things coming out on the R&D site improvement until probably spring-ish, in that range, but we’re right in the middle of trying to figure that out with the new team from Novus involved with our IT team. So more on that in the coming quarters, but all good stuff. We’re actually seeing great activity on our site as well as others. We’ve been doing a lot more metrics and measuring and surveying on our site, given with Karen on board and trying to figure out what else we should look at. Boy, the data is looking pretty good. Our site is actually working fairly well.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, well man, I’m praying just like everybody else. If there was ever a table being set for a budget flush, it was this one in China coming up, so we’ll see. I’m sure all our peers are hoping and praying for the same thing. You know, you would say historically, given the way they act as a market and what’s happened with the crackdown, everybody getting kind of lean this last quarter or two, it should occur; but it’s hard to say. We don’t know how deep this crackdown will go either, but if it does lift and people get happier again, then I think you’ll see that. But I think we’ve got to see more happen on the political front there, probably.
Charles Kummeth: Well okay, just want to thank everybody for being on. I know we have quite a few people on, more than usual, so if you’ve got a last question you can give it a try, or you can call us offline and have a more private question as well on certain topics. But anyway, thank you all. We think it was a very reasonable quarter for us. We’re more or less on track. We’re pretty excited about how the integration is going. We’re still hunting for more things to check off, more boxes for our ultimate vision, which most of you know of. We’ll be back next quarter to tell you more about how that goes with our progress. Thank you.
