Charles Kummeth: Sure, Puneet. So we just came back from China, and we are pretty much saying what everyone else is saying on their call this past week or -- this quarter was disappointing. China definitely is created, they're out of money. We did talk about funding returning starting next quarter -- last quarter -- and there are some glimmers of that, but not enough to be material. So this next quarter is more of the same. The second half, we're hopeful, but there isn't anything -- any real evidence right now that there's that there's going to be any kind of a V recovery or a recovery at all, to be honest. But the team is very hopeful. There's energy there. Streets are full. The economy looks great at a consumer commercial level. But I think in terms of government funding for this segment, I think, is right now, we're kind of a wait and see.  Now with a bunch of very important KOLs, and they all say the same thing that there's a lot of hope and there's a lot of expectations they don't doubt it's coming, but the government is not roll forward on their planning, obviously. So we're all kind of wait and see. But other segments there look better. It's just a downtime for biotech, and we're going to we've got to grind through it, I guess.
Charles Kummeth: I do want to also emphasize that you take out China, we had a not too bad a quarter, mid- to high single-digit growth, near 20% growth or instruments. All our growth platform is growing -- actually right on plan more or less. They just aren't big enough to cover the company right now. But -- so it won't be too much longer. This kind of stuff won't matter that much. And I do believe in a couple of quarters, China will be -- start becoming a better story. But right now, for 1 more quarter, at least, we're all in a wait and see. So.
Charles Kummeth: Okay. I'll mention Wilson Wolf, and I'll let Kim discuss TGS. Wilson Wolf is kind of more of the same, very flattish. We've not lost any customers. We're kind of grinding forward with them, too. They've got 800-plus customers. We've got 400 overall with our protein side, but they are kind of the de facto standard out there in bioreactors. And John has been focusing a lot on scale ready, the sister business that will also carry our workflow through.  That's going extremely well. We have just launched or new versions of our protein to be working towards a sterile type of a bioreactor module, I guess, a bundle. So everything is kind of going okay there. We're just kind of waiting for the overall uptick, but we're not losing ground. It's just kind of treading water right now. And which means they're still making lots of revenue, a meager 75% operating income and pushing forward.  So they're using all that income to keep investing and driving faster. So -- and then Kim wants to follow up.
Charles Kummeth: No, that's a great question. I think we're kind of back to original type thinking on Simple Western. I think we had roughly 9% growth or something like that with it. Consumables was even higher, much higher we're knocking on the door of 3,000 instruments out there, which is still under 20% penetration just for the Western blot application alone.  And there's a bunch of new applications coming using the instruments, including the diagnostic-related applications. So we're super bullish on our Simple Western platform. It's -- we're in early innings yet. So I still think the long-term growth rate for this talk like a decade is like a 15% CAGR for a decade. It's going to go up and down. I think last year, we're still fighting comps. And last year, we had 50% type growth last couple of years. So we're still kind of working through that. And we're still showing growth right now, strong growth and double-digit growth in consumables.  So long term, I think it's going to bounce around 10% to 30%, but it's going to be an average of 15%, I think. And this is the only game in town where this type of technology. We've got strong IP. No one's ever been able to get close to it. It's automated Westerns, which is a nightmare for people. So it's nothing but a great future.
Charles Kummeth: Yes, I'll cover that. I just had a meeting yesterday with the team and bulks are on the rise. So that's a very good early indicator that OEM business be returning. Destocking, as Jim said, it's kind of largely behind us. We're starting to see discussion on orders now in some very large orders. So I think we're turning the corner on that. I think our run rate business is hopefully kind of bottomed here.  We'll start positioning that out. I mean we had probably the worst quarter and 10 years of Fisher this last quarter, and we see that kind of flattening as well. I mean they talked about it on their call as well, and where that -- the segment that lives and it couldn't have been very great. But these labs are running out of stuff. They've got to start buying again, and we're starting to see the first inklings of that.  So we think run rate will start improving some. And I think our retail overall will start improving. Remember now, our that's not a majority of our revenue. So it takes all these things together to give us in the double-digit growth. But they all matter. And this part here, I'm kind of bullish looking forward finally.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah. Well, overall for the company, our academic versus biopharma is largely even about the same, but it was lopsided. So it was much stronger for biopharma in Europe okay, than it was in U.S., U.S. was low almost mid-single-digit growth. So that's a much poorer performance than usual for us in the U.S. As Jim said, most of our pain was in the U.S. and then China and it was on the biopharma side.  All in, without China, we actually didn't do too bad because academic was not too bad. I mean, probably better than many quarters in the past quarter, to be honest. So we're waiting on that biopharma to come back. And of course, as you mentioned, biotech is part of that biopharma and biotech is still soft out there. The funding environment for biotech, small to medium companies going after their second or third round or trying to get that next way the clinical is going or rejuvenate the clinicals they're in, it's just softer. They're all being very careful because money is tight. It's going to change, but it's going to be a quarter or 2, I think on that part of biopharma. Pharma is just being conservative because they're just being conservative because they just see the wins, the way they're looking, and that can turn on a dime. I'll give you some evidence why that can be very, very quick to move. We actually had a very good quarter on our immunoassay, ELISA, dual sets, high single-digit growth. and that was not the case a quarter or 2 ago.  So that could be early evidence of things starting to flip because that's mostly farmer driving most of that business. So ELISA is still more or less a standard for driving testing and clinicals. So.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah. We went how many -- how many quarters in a row a 25% growth or so. So we're definitely in a lull right now. This is a negative teens quarter coming off of a high teens quarter growth last quarter. But going forward, it's going to be more of the same. I think flattish would be hopeful the next quarter or 2, to be honest. So the second half, our Q4, who knows? I mean it wouldn't take -- we're not that big in China, right, overall.  So it wouldn't take that much or that many orders or rejuvenation in any area to actually get back into some growth. But we'll just have to wait and see. We're just going to be cautious and not overpromise. There's not a lot of evidence, but the attitude is very high. Our team is at full strength. We have 0 attrition. Talked to a lot of customers personally here a couple of weeks ago, and actually, they're fairly bullish as well. We're just waiting for the government to start loosening up here with what they usually do in April, and they still haven't done it. But once they do, people start talking favorably again about China. And you got to believe, and we've talked to a lot of people, health care is still number 1 is a priority for China. It looks great. You're in the middle of Shanghai. You don't have to go too far outside the city and you start seeing why the government is still concerned about health care.
Charles Kummeth: Sure. Well, first, as you mentioned, the comps were quite easy. So that helped a lot. But 15% organic growth is 15% organic growth. It's a great quarter to have that. We're not talking about a negative Europe right now. So we're 2 or three quarters into a real recovery for us in Europe. That's also part of the story.  We have a new management team in place. They have done some reorganization a couple of quarters ago. And quite frankly, it's working. We're getting more synergies. We're getting more cross-selling. We're nearly at full strength. We've invested more salespeople as an example, in the Nordic regions.  The new leader is German. Germany should be our biggest subsidiary in Europe and if not, and be correcting that. There's already been great evidence that we're going to have a strong future, I think, in Germany with him at the helm. And I guess wait and see. But I'm -- right now, I'm not focused too much on Europe for a change. Things are going pretty well.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah. Well, it's -- we've never been busier to be honest. It's -- I said all year, it's going to be a great year in M&A, we've landed Lunaphore. I just came back from Aldo where I'm on the Board, and I never received more confidence about a deal in my entire tenure here is this Lunaphore deal. It seems like everybody wanted to.  So it's going to be a marvelous platform and it has lots of applications and did we mention the growth year-on-year, 170%. This thing is it's exploding. It's going to be a wonderful asset and Kim personally close that deal. We've been involved in others. I mean we just saw Link. We were there. We know a lot about Olink. We sell them a lot of products. And they're a good partner, and we look forward to continuing our partnership on many fronts with Thermo Fisher with Olink as well.  So it's been a great relationship with Thermo and we don't see any problems there, but we'd sure like to pick up a few more assets like that. There are lots of them out there. You mentioned private. This is definitely the year to be looking at smaller deals, private deals, deals in the core even that funding is tight, and we're seeing multiples kind of picking up. The price takes these latest deals have been pretty good, and that gives hope for owners and they pick up the phone. So I'm still expecting a pretty good coming year here for M&A. We have lots of purchasing power for our size, and we'll try to use it and I mean I'll be gone soon, but I'm sure Jim and Kim and the team here will continue the mission on that.
Charles Kummeth: Well, I can't speak for the Board, but we did announce it's very early. I went through that quite carefully. I mean it's going on 1.5 years ago. I think it was very clear why we announced. One, which is uncommon was to give enough time to be very thoughtful in the process, look at leading executives that might have non-competes to work through. I think the Board went through an extensive exhaustive list doing their fiduciary duty, I do know that there was more than a half a dozen external on the list at 1 point.  And -- but I think to say more or less what Bob had said at a meeting recently was there just didn't seem to be that big a difference in what they thought the experience levels and the abilities of the externals versus our three top notch internal candidates, which I spent the last decade and, in some cases, longer from 2 different companies. And so why take the risk externally with their point of view.  And I do think it was a tough decision, as I mentioned, and Kim's thrilled. Jim and Will, I'm sure, are happy for Kim, but they're still here, and we're -- we've been a good team with very low politics for many years together. And both here and Thermo Fisher, where we all came from, and I see no reason why it won't continue. We've got a lot of work to do. Our stock is down like everybody else's in the industry, and so there's a lot of potential upside. We see a path to a $5 billion revenue company in 10 years. And my guess is the stock will be much higher than. So they'll probably stick around.
Charles Kummeth: It's a great question, and it's probably a very difficult answer to really answer definitively. You're absolutely right in the last 5 years or so, it's been definitely a drift away from solely relying on government funding and the government plans and the biotech sector has definitely grown in China. And there have been some companies that have come and become real companies like BGI to come to mind that have been very successful.  I think private equity, VC money has grown. I think you've got a lot of Chinese American people that are Chinese and decent have gone home and taken with them business principles and business models from America, and it's gone quite well. We have some great friends there. We know some -- there have been some great track records of some Chinese firms that have been doing venture and done quite well. The percentage, I think, though, is hard to difficult at. I think we still -- we're going more and more direct all the time, all of us there, but we still mainly fulfill through just master distributors in China. And so it's a little bit hard to understand where it already is coming from. There's a run rate component as well and I think that is largely driven by institutions, which are largely government funded.  We have some growing OEM opportunities as well, especially in our DRD segment and there are companies like mine Array and others that have been around a long time and very successful in growing double digit that have taken a bigger and bigger piece of our business and going direct with us. But -- so the government portion is definitely shrinking, but it's still such a major portion of that is going to drive the overall size of the business and the overall, call it, the pulse of the economy over there.
Charles Kummeth: I think they're very bullish on that. I think that's something they definitely want. They -- China wants to be in a leadership position as best they can in biotech in life sciences and not being a predicament like they are in semiconductor, for sure.
Charles Kummeth: Yes, it's a good question. the institutions there, a good comment from our leader in APAC this week, and he said, "Well, -- they're not really in the cutting people. They're just sitting around playing Mahjong waiting for money to come in." So -- but the teams are there. And -- but you're right, they've got to get work done, and they are labs and they've got run rate we need. And I think the -- it's about growth, it's about future growth, it's about money for new programs, but there is a certain level of keep the lights on funding happening. So it's shrinking, but it's not gone away.  So I mean got to put it in perspective there, I think. I think other companies talked with that, too. There's -- we had 17% growth last quarter. In this quarter, we were down mid-teens. Maybe it will be end up being flat, but it isn't like there's no money, no funding. I mean people aren't working or going to work, they're going to work, and they're doing work, but there isn't funding for new programs right now. So everything is kind of at a standstill waiting on that. So that's really the tone going forward. Don't know of any real layoffs. We have our full team right now, and there isn't much attrition. I don't think they're that kind of an economy anyway, but they are playing a lot of Mahjong waiting for the checks to come in. So it's pretty happy team, too. I mean it's -- if you've gone to China as many times as I have, I'm just always come back pretty energized because they're just such hard-working people, and they're just really enjoy seeing you and they really are authentic and you'll never get more honest questions and honest answers from than you will from the teams in China, your teams or customers or anyone for that matter. So just love it.
Charles Kummeth: Yes. Well, we do -- we've got a stable of nice businesses here, a good dozen or so platforms, but three of them are three most important. We put most of our energy and our funding, all had great quarters with 50% growth in Exosome, we had double-digit growth nearly in spatial. We had solid growth in cell and gene therapy, 40% in GMP proteins. We're going to more than double the number of proteins that come out of the factory this coming year. We're building a new factory in China for GMP proteins because the demand there is actually accelerating as well.  So yeah, I think now is the time to be thinking ahead and not be short-term thinking and -- it isn't just our company stock. It's a lot of in our industry. A year from now, this is all, could be all behind us, and there's going to be a fast flight back to quality earnings, and that's us. We make money, and we operate well. But we are definitely can say that we're in a -- we're definitely in a recession. In fact, the whole world is waiting and talking about rates and interest rates are a big issue, obviously, and waiting for a pivot and whether or not we can hit a soft landing and for the economy.  And I'm going to pull out there. I would say, in life sciences, we missed the pit. So in terms of life sciences. It was a hard landing. So we're going to -- but we'll get through it. Disease, neuroscience, cancer. They're not going away on their own. And the big macro trends out there, aging, obesity, things like that are just getting worse, not better. So our time will come again, and the smart investors will be there early. So.
Charles Kummeth: Well, again, thanks for the quarter. Probably my last full earnings call. This is like number 42 or something like that. Kim will probably take more of a lead next quarter, and I'll be around for a couple more or so. But we're all pretty energized here and still having a good time, and we love what we do, and we love the science. And anyway, we'll see you next quarter. Thanks.
James Hippel: And Puneet, I'll just add, I mean, as Chuck alluded to, there's no sign right now any kind of V or even new shape recovery in this fiscal year. So we're just playing it fairly conservative. The China situation is, as Chuck outlined, the other thing dynamic we saw was the U.S. market starts to soften in the last couple of weeks of the quarter and that has continued into October. So that's reflected in our kind of flattish guidance here for Q2, but what's unknown is whether that trend continues beyond that or whether it stabilizes. So hence, we're not commenting on the back half of fiscal year '24 at this point.
James Hippel: Yes, Dan, I'll just add to that. As Chuck just ended with, I think it speaks to the productivity nature of the instrument. We've been saying all along, it's an amazing productivity tool. And in this time, as tightening budgets and concerns about funding should help. That's what's driving the consumable growth there. So it truly is the productivity tool. We've been saying it all along.
James Hippel: Yes. The short answer is no. I mean we are putting in productivity measures in place. We have been anticipating this throughout the quarter, and we continue to do that. We are, of course, pacing our investments accordingly. But our intention is to hold the margin guidance that we gave out earlier in the year. and manage our productivity to that while still investing in our growth platforms.  So we're -- that's what we're paid to do is manage the support of the business given the current environment while still investing for the future, and that's what we intend to do.
James Hippel: Yes. I mean, we've been saying how biotech was relatively stable for us after its initial kind of drop in the first part of fiscal year '23. And stabilization was pretty consistent up until like I said the last couple of weeks. We saw the run rates drop off. We saw some larger deals not close, and that kind of continued here in October.  I don't have a good answer as to why that's the case, except to say that all of our peers are pretty much saying the same thing. So it appears like as we get into the year-end here, there's another round of belt tightening going on across biopharma, especially in biotech. There's some optimism that it's an end of the year belt piping exercise and once we get into calendar year '24, but new budgets get approved at the business level that we'll start to see the pickup in activity. But again, we're a little bit too early to tell at this point.
James Hippel: That is fair to say, and that's consistent with Q1. I think one of the biggest drivers, too, in terms of the about the second half and so forth in diagnostics and genomics. So our growth would have been better this quarter if there weren't for those timing issues that Kim talked about and so we do see a nice snapback in the diagnostics genomics submit going forward.  And to reiterate what I said earlier, in the near term, Protein Sciences can still be very challenged by China. China is going to get worse before it gets better. The view from our teams out in China, we just visited is that Q2 is hopefully the bottom. The question is does it -- is it a dead count bounce for a while? Or is the funding come back in the early part of calendar year '24. That remains to be seen.
James Hippel: Paul, I would add, if I could, that perhaps unlike the U.S., the government funding in China has more indirect impact on VC funding than it does in the U.S. I think VC fund in the U.S. is irrespective of what NIH funding does. But in China, the VC funding often will follow or accentuate what the government does. So that's why following the government money really the lead, we believe on -- with the direction of where our space is going there.
Kim Kelderman: Yes, Puneet, thanks for the question. So obviously, larger companies have been optimizing their inventories and for us, that mainly impacted the DRD organization as they mainly sell into the large IVD companies. It also affected MDD a little bit, specifically in the genetic testing portfolio, which is the legacy surgeon.  They sell into the laboratory space and the larger laboratory space and of course, these laboratories also want to optimize their inventories, specifically going into the end of the calendar year. But we see those as temporal, and we think that we're at the back end of the destocking phase.
Kim Kelderman: Hey Dan, it's Kim. Thanks for the question. Absolutely. I think it was mainly Apex slowing us down a little bit this quarter. By fixing just that or normalizing, we will be back in the double digits. That's the entitlement for not only the end markets but also our unique solution with the RNA scope portfolio of products.  Think about Lunaphore is going to keep this business a boost as well, right? And we will definitely have more pull-through on the Lunaphore boxes, to COMET specifically. And then last but not least, our clinical business has been outpacing the overall product portfolio already and it's becoming more than 10% of our revenues portion. So I think the undoubtedly answer is, yes, it will be back in double digits.
Kim Kelderman: Absolutely. So the latter, there's no internal bias to either one. I think we have defined our core growth platforms, our true growth platforms, our vertical markets that we're focused on, and I'm going to love all of them equally. And on top of that, some of them have higher potential than others, and we're going to invest in the true growth platforms, and that's going to be the best way for the company as well as for the shareholders.
