James T. Hippel - Bio: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations about the company's future results. The company's 10-K for fiscal year 2017 identifies certain factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements made during this call. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the company's other SEC filings are available on the company's website within its Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the company's press release issued earlier this morning on the Bio-Techne Corporation website at www.bio-techne.com. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah. It should come back down to a more normalized stock comp expense. Maybe a little bit higher year-over-year due to the fact we have more people onboard. We have Exosome personnel now included as well. But again, the spike we had in Q4 was kind of a onetime catch-up due to the folks that are at/or approaching retirement age and, therefore, the GAAP rules require us to accelerate that expense.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Well, okay. So first off, it's been around for three years now and it's taken some time to get accepted, and we've talked a lot about it in the past. It is such a big change from doing them by hand that it has to be sold into a different laboratory. Our goal is to still make it a standard and to make it the way students started doing Westerns in the future eventually, and no different than moving to calculators was 30 years ago. That's our goal. I think it's a balanced level of growth between academia and pharma. The growth is strong in both categories. We had – I'm not going to tell you the number of instruments we had – we sold, it was a record number. It was fantastic. It puts us well over 1,100 total in the field and the publications are actually growing even at a faster clip ever as well. So, we know we are crossing that chasm. They're becoming broad-based acceptance quite simply because it works and it saves a ton of time. It's very productive, and we're now going to be able to go a little more upstream with Jess and with more capability of doing our multiplexing samples at the same time which is something we've been asking for forever. And then that gives us more flexibility with Wes probably at the academic level, clearly having the ability to promote that further to get more acceptance in smaller labs, smaller universities with budgets maybe tighter. So, I will also state that the consumables growth has been astounding. We are well on track to a combined consumables and service to being north of 50% of the revenue. So, the attach rate of cartridges has been really, really good. That means that people aren't just using these things thinking they'll get around to them and figure out how to use them. They're using them and they're using a lot and they're liking what they see.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah. Well, currently, there's almost no impact. We're at less than a 1% level, and that's because most of our products aren't in these chemicals classifications. But if the $200 billion plus next Phase goes into effect, we're going to be hit on many fronts like everybody else. All the instruments for sure and many of our assays will also be implicated. What's the impact going to be, I think it's mixed. We'll do it product line by product line. Obviously, a lot of our products were – we're the only game in town and so we'll be passing on the prices, obviously. But where there is local competition and there probably is some antibodies area (37:51) for sure, there will be some that could be a different story. But I think the mix will be okay. We're still not overly concerned. Our teams aren't too concerned. We're just aware of it and starting to get ready just in case. And we can do something, moving something directly from the UK that are made there and also from Canada. So, there's some things we can do. But for the most part, most of our reagents and our products come out of the U.S. so there could be an impact if the Phase 2 and 3 $200 billion-plus plans go into place, which it's anyone's guess whether they will or not.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Well, all I can go with historical data. I mean, we did all these original models that are $500 million number and we were all ecstatic when the CMS came out with a $760 million price, that gives us lots of room. We're pretty much sure we can hold over $600 million, but I think $700 million initially, it's going to be in that range. They're getting the number where they are getting paid, it's coming in where it needs to be. But it's always very different payer groups come in and they do their contracts, it's probably move around a little bit. But definitely north of $500 million, but hopefully closer to $700 million.
James T. Hippel - Bio: And one final comment, too, is that, we – the Blue Cross Blue Shield network is a big proponent and supporter and early supporter and adopter of this technology. So, we expect them to be really compliant with all that pricing as well. So, they've been really good to work with, and we're hoping that they – eventually this becomes more of a mandated screening. And so, that's the idea. But it's going to be out there a ways.
James T. Hippel - Bio: And, Catherine, what I will just add is the agreement with Exosome Diagnostics is public information. It's out there on our website. And detail to the earn-outs are out there as well, and you can see the earnouts are based off of operating profit numbers or EBITDA numbers both in calendar year 2020 and calendar year 2022. And they are very big numbers, which gives you a sense of what the Exosome Diagnostics teams and internal expectations on what they think they could hit. So, we're downplaying that a bit, just to be conservative. But that's what really the potential is. And that would suggest, a very, very large revenue, a couple of hundred million dollars or more, just in as little two to three years. And then operating margins that are at least 30% and higher. So, that's what they think they can do. We're being somewhat conservative in our viewpoint in terms of valuation, but that's what the potential is. We've learned through ProteinSimple and others, so we're not going to get ahead of our skis too soon, but it's a good story so far. And the ramp is happening, so we're very happy to see the growth happening.
James T. Hippel - Bio: To be transparent, Dan, they have a service component that was – it's very lumpy, and they had a huge comp from a year ago. When you put that all in there, it's under 30% for the whole company. But it's kind of a one-time blip there. As long as RNAscope and what it's being used for growing at 30%-plus, that's kind of what we focus on. It was actually like 36%, and we had a really strong launch to this quarter. July is really strong as well. So, to the question earlier, that's the big question. Can we stay above 30% with this business unit, and we think we can.
James T. Hippel - Bio: We're – as you know, as a company core – we're not reimbursement experts. We've been a tools company, and we're going this direction. They're helping us. We'll be out there next week and learn more. And I hear numbers from them to be anywhere from 100 to 200 heads covered, and there are different metrics and algorithms people use, and I think it's all baloney. So, I think we have tens of millions of people on the East Coast covered through Blue Cross Blue Shield. The deals are in place. We've hit roughly 30% of the market are these urology centers, these labs, and that's where the salespeople are focused and that's been where the great take-up is. And that will lead to more leverage. So we're going to be trying to put together for New York just exactly what is the addressable market, being all these payers, being the urology centers, etcetera. Certainly, right now, it's more than we can handle and we need the NCCN guidelines in place so that there'll be even more conformance through the major payers, right, the systems out there. There's quite a bit acceptance, even people through the urology centers themselves, even people on their own that it works so well. But we need Medicare, we need the NGS decision, and then we'll start seeing the major payer systems lining up, and then we'll have more metrics off of that.
James T. Hippel - Bio: That assumes, yes. Before and by end of this calendar year this year, which we think as of news this morning, we feel very good about that now.
James T. Hippel - Bio: I'm really glad you asked this or somebody did because this is the best stories of this quarter and this year. I mean if you'd asked me four years ago, how long is it going to take you to get to 10% organic growth again in your core? I'd have said, well probably never. So, we've had not only a good quarter, we had a great year. And we just pounded it. And that's why, one reason you see, it's kind of, I would say ahead of schedule getting back to 40% Op margins, because the mix has been so good with the core, which is highly profitable, right. 54% Op margins in Core Biotech division, that's the number it was when I came into the company. So, we've just been doing all the expansion and having the productivity to cover it, it's been great. And it's across all lines. I've done the math myself this morning while ELISA is low-single-digit growth, at least it's growth. When – and because of ELISA's depicted demise a decade ago, we started looking at different technology platforms, Luminex and SimplePlex and such, they're all doing great. You put together the entire number for this quarter for our, call it, assays and we're mid-teens, practically, just under mid-teens for growth. So, that was one of the biggest areas we were trying to protect. Proteins as always, we thought, will stay just under mid-single digit and we've been nearly high-single-digit growth. I think all this oncology, all this CAR-T, all this research in the biosimilar in fact (52:43), it's spurring a lot of protein and we've had great pricing along with it. And that's also something to mention, that five years ago, we weren't a company focused on dealing with price ever. And now we have the analytics in place to deal with price and we have some price in place where it needs to be, where we have the ability to do so. And lastly, antibodies, it's been a little bit lumpier this year than the year before, but ended strong. And we're really excited about what we see with antibodies. We still think we're holding our own, if not taking share. We're not digging the rabbit monoclonal, of course, but everything outside of that we're right up there. I would also say that the drive from BigPharma to CROs and the whole CAR-T all the stuff happening, it's helping the antibody business. But it's helping in a way where the big guys are going to win. The little mom and pop antibodies players are not going to win as well right now because you need to be GMP, you need to have high quality to be in these areas now. And that's going to help us and Thermo, and Abcam the most probably. And that's what we see. And I think that's why we're doing so well.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Pretty much expected this to be the first question, yes. Yeah, we're actually very bullish still on PPD. There is a roaring comeback, which we said would probably be likely a bit of a blip in Biologic last quarter was insignificant after all. We had just stellar results this quarter, and we're just as bullish, if not more. The 15% or better is very highly likely. Meaning, we're tracking closer to 20% for the last year or more. So, we're hopeful we get that even. But 15% should be a safer number. ACD, we were ecstatic to really stay in (29:22) the core areas of 30%. A little bit of lumpiness in the Diagnostics side, but overall our thesis is coming near as we plan to be 30% or better for this next year and we're holding our line on that. I think the team is integrating a little harder in Europe than U.S. But it's coming along very well. We know we have new leadership overall on the segment with Kim Kelderman and that's helping as well. So, we're actually kind of – we're feeling pretty good about 30% for this coming year in ACD.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. We've been preparing well for these questions and I understand the significance of this acquisition in going forward. We've been here before with other bigger acquisitions of – and we waited for these to kind of come in line and then hit that inflection point and take off. This one is no different. We are definitely near a nice inflection with this technology. I'll talk about NCCN guidelines in a minute, but the $30 million we think is very doable. Their forecasts are even much higher. We think it's in the range of being a strong possibility. They're ramping quickly. The 1,000 tests that Jim commented on was already a month or two ago and they're ramping higher than that now as they're bringing on more reps. It is very much – reps going after urology clinics and then getting the business. And with the guidelines coming with NCCN and getting NGS, which is Medicare, we would expect those rates will increase significantly at that point, which is pretty – we think is imminent. How to figure out where we're going to be on the burn rate, the cost of growing this entity, it's difficult. If they stay at the level they were in Q2, we're going to be out over $10 million and over that 200 basis points. If they stay on track with the ramping they're doing, it's going to be significantly under that. As Jim said, by the end of the year, we could be at a run rate of $50 million or $30 million for the year and be in positive territory for income. But it's anyone's guess right now as they're ramping. The good news is we're not waiting three years like we did with ProteinSimple. We're talking about a year here this thing hopefully skyrockets. And we've got a big earn-out with this team, and they've got a great team. We don't expect to lose any people. We have not. We're hiring quickly. And we're going to let them do their thing. They're the experts in this area. They're experts of the FDA and Medicare reimbursement. They know what they're doing. It's been a real pleasure having that team on board. We're going out next week to actually welcome them all, have our first business review, and kind of introduce them to the rigor that we do as operators in this company, and they're all excited for that, and the tools will help them with it. But it's in that 300-basis point probably, around that $30 million. And I think it could be better, but things could happen. So, I'm not too far off the guidance we gave you in terms of after the acquisition call. Nothing's changed since then. Actually, it's only improved. Information has all improved. And I will mention, as of this morning, we do have verbal acceptance from the NCCN that the second paper is going to be accepted and it's with the European Urology, which is a very important vehicle out there. So, we're hoping that off of that, once it gets in, including online and that will pave the way for the NGS decision, which is Medicare, which we think will be imminent. Of course, we can't tell you when. All I can tell you is that we do have news this morning is that the paper has been accepted. So, that's really great news for NCCN guidelines, and from here, it's hopefully going to be tracking as we stated. We gave guidance before end of the calendar year for all this. I'd be shocked if we can't make that at this point, but we'll see.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, I can say is the stories of the Biologics' demise have greatly exaggerated last quarter. We don't have an awful lot of competition in this category. In the Simple Western, we have virtually none. And now we see SimplePlex becoming more material, and if it continues growing at 60%, it's going to have a bigger overall basis. And single-cell is finally starting to take off. It's taken a while to get that going. These chasm, I guess, are deep, and some of these moves the world instruments. So, we're feeling pretty bullish. I will mention also that we have a big project in place with the Biologics platform to get it working under Empower. Empower (40:59) is one of the standards out there, used now in most laboratories, and without that, that definitely probably costs us some sales. But even now just being able to talk about that we're in the middle of integrating that system, and we'll have that commercialized within the next year or so, that's helping with a lot of decisions going forward with funding to go with this platform or expand in this platform beyond iCE. So, all good. I think of all our numbers, we've been steady around 15% or better is probably one of the safest ones I think we have right now, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. Jim and I talked about this that might come up. It's so small really compared to Exosome that we didn't want to bring it the too much rhetoric in the transcript for, but it's a great platform for us because we have all these cytokines kinds of resellers tools. We're involved in all of this CAR-T type workflow already. So, we really want to get bigger in this – on the tool side of it – tools for therapy. And this QuickGel technology is in the midst of three very large clinicals – large pharma companies right now and it's being looked at and qualified by at least a half a dozen others. It is going to be a wonderful platform. This year, most of the revenue is really around just revenue for the clinicals. So, it's not much this year. But it expands greatly – virtually explodes next year and the year after, everybody, if these clinicals all hit. So, we'll give more guidance as we get beyond $1 million in revenue and become something. But, again, this tool is only a year away from nearly being in a profitable state, maybe even less. It's a small team who is actually doing some of the work here as well because there's a lot of good synergy science-wise with our teams in Core Biotech, so it's good that way. The team has all come onboard. The founder-leader is onboard as the leader of this small business unit right now and loving it. And it's so far, so good. I got to mention to you one thing about that both of these platforms that – they need salespeople. And ever since the acquisition has been announced, the phones have been ringing off the hook. It appears that a lot of great salespeople like to come onboard once they know that you can make payroll, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well. It's an LDT, right. So, we have to feed it and we have to build, we have to build regionally, we have to build and shift, and that's the model. We're capable right now of actually doing as many as 500 tests a day. Obviously, we're well under that. So, we're good for a while. We have world-class operations. People are ready to really ramp this up. We have world-class reimbursement people online with ExosomeDx. I mean, this team has been at this for a while and they've really done their homework. And they've been around a while, right. So, they seem to know what they're doing. The $30 million this year is our number. And it's – I would say on the north side of conservative really. We think it's a range of $20 million to $35 million probably. And I'd be really happy with $20 million or better, to be honest, coming from nothing in January. But the ramp from next year on, they are big numbers. We'll give you more color on that in New York. Right now, we're still trying to figure out what we're going to even say because they are too big. They're big.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. We're letting them hire a lot more people than we originally thought. They're growth has been astounding. We've brought in a great leader that ran health care for 3M. We put in place a subsidiary model. We put in place what we call EOCs, it's an operating committee from all the regions. So, we have a matrix in place with the divisions running – who run the global P&Ls from here, and it's just working. That scenario allows synergies being created for selling. So, the divisions can work together, the teams work together. It's all under a unique kind of management style that just wasn't there a year before. We just had nothing. So, call it a catch up. I mean, how long will it go? I think another year or two or at least until geopolitical events in Europe change greatly or Brexit becomes a real truly negative reality or something, but it's been double-digit, and I don't see it stopping in the next few quarters anyway.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Oh, we didn't give it in total. We mentioned that the research-use-only market, which is the primary market for that business right now, was over 30% growth for the quarter. Their companion diagnostic piece, which is much smaller but much more lumpier, was up and down, and service business, but the core part of that business right now, which is their products in the research space was up over 30%.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. We do nearly $4 million of revenue in India right now and it's growing. Our plan is to try and keep that north of 50% growth. And personally, I like it bigger. But my regional heads says there's only so much you can do so fast. So, we're hiring people and you're really dealing with two maybe three of the major city areas right. That's how you deal with India and you know the customers is there they – the infrastructure is not good for – the customers all clustered into life science center sort of space. So that's a good thing. You can get to all of them at one place kind of. So, you don't need a lot of head count. So, we're moving with four people, I would say two years from now, we'll have maybe a dozen, it would be my guess and I assure, I hope for between $10 million and $20 million of revenue by then, we'll see. But it depends. And that's about any really infusion of ACD at or our Exosome. So, all those things could also add some impact. But in the core, it's growing nicely, but it only has so much of an addressable market size right now. Instruments probably had the better possibilities in the short term.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. I'll give you a little bit of a preview. So, come this fall with the first strategic call we had, we laid our first strategic plan, and I laid out there the vision to get to $1 billion in 5 years. So, we didn't make that, okay? Two years ago this fall, we had our first Investors Conference, and we laid out a plan that would get us to $850 million and 40%, all right? We're well on track for that, probably exceeding it. But this fall, we'll lay out a new five-year outlook. We'll give you the update on what we are doing in for last, and we'll give you a new outlook as well including how the – if the stars align slide, and you see what happens. The last time we showed that slide two years ago, we had a $1.3 billion number on there with the acquisitions, everything in, using capital at a modest decent leverage level. I think we're on track with that recipe, and we'll see what Jim comes up with the new slide. He hasn't made it yet. So, I'm assuming it'll be bigger than $1.3 billion. I hope so. My goal right now is still to – counting the core things we have, how fast can we get to $1 billion and can we get to the 40% or not. Probably, you're going to see a number lower than the 40% now with these new high growth, high volume park areas. We see a 30% Op margin future with ExosomeDx, not 40% at this point. So – but we'll see. It's early. We don't really know yet where the leverages and synergies could be. So, that's we're on track with that. So, that's as much as we can give you. All I can say is don't miss New York. It should be a good meeting.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, we've run an entire hour. That's first time ever, I think. So, I'm really happy about that. Thank you, all, for attending and look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
