Charles R. Kummeth: As I mentioned, we have made investments in the, I'll say, the 4 major quarters of the country. And we started very early from [indiscernible] onboard, and they started producing quite quickly. They're not all producing. We did hire them all at the same time. But there's enough for the data to show that it is working in some degree now. One quarter doesn't -- and one data point doesn't make a trend or anything else. But we like what we're seeing. I think things change. I think it's time for having more feet in the street right at the customers' site. And I think it's the right way to go. Same thing goes for Asia and China. Particularly, we more or less doubled our sales force in China over the last few months. We opened an office in Beijing. And as you noticed, 38% growth is quite a bit higher than 20%. Again, it's a small base, as Greg pointed out. So it's the beginning of the right tracking. And I think it will continue higher than 20%, and hopefully at the level that it's at currently and maybe even more. We'll see, we're not done investing in the commercial side in China as well. In Europe, we really are more doing an update. And we have a more or less field sales model in Europe and it's actually looking quite well.
Charles R. Kummeth: It's a little all of the above. I mean, these aren't rock stars we hired. These are very senior experienced people that could hit the ground running, that knew our products, knew the market, knew the customers, knew all our key customers in those regions. And so the territories have been a little bit split between how we handle them from here in Minneapolis to where we're now local but also allowing more room for that prospecting element that was missing in the local regions. There are a lot of feeder [ph] companies in biotech in the second tier. And even all the call points of major institutions, quite frankly, I'm not sure we're addressing them all. So it will be a team approach. And with having a front edge here, we've got the territory. More of a classical model, I guess.
Charles R. Kummeth: Well, as we get larger, we'll bring on more infrastructure. We do keep inventory in China. And we're looking at investing in a hub and other tax-free zones to supplement our growth and take care of on-time delivery concerns and metrics that I'm used to doing. As we move forward there, I think it's a little bit slower view as in the U.S. because you're hiring the younger people. As you know, attrition is higher in China. It is by definition, so it's a little more interesting. But we're also going more aggressively. And the doubling of the workforce in 6 months is a pretty good start in terms of revenue. So I think as we get bigger, we'll have to back it up with other infrastructure. But right now, it's going pretty well.
Charles R. Kummeth: Okay, I get you. So yes, up until recently, we were managing all our distribution from Minneapolis and all the different countries in Asia. So now we've hired some of these resources that are actually located in the region, actually living in Singapore, that will manage distributors. And this is the right way to go, we feel, as we'll be closely involved with them, working with them on their metrics, their business plans, objectives, their targets and their results month-on-month.
Charles R. Kummeth: We went more than a couple of decades with absolutely nobody in the field with an inside model. And it worked very well because our content was just so good and so important and so well recognized. There is more competition. I think we're moving with the times. We'll have these people, these very senior players in the key markets. I can think of a couple more. [indiscernible] think about one of the areas. As we add more, I think, will depend on how they do produce and how we measure the gap. I mean, there's no better way to find growth than sell more of the stuff you have because you have a coverage gap and we have to be very, I think, vigilant with our customers in these regions to see if we are getting them around the loop. We're seeing good progress. It's definitely good progress. But it's one quarter, so we'll see how it goes. I also am clearly very cognizant that we're aware of our margins and we're not going to overinvest too quickly. So we'll invest when it pays for itself.
Charles R. Kummeth: Well, we're going to stay focused on our core, what we know how to do. We launched over 2,000 products last year, and I'm not saying that's the right number. I think there's a bit of prioritization on some work we're doing here. And I've talked to you and others about [indiscernible] line here about the need for a KOL strategy to be working more and collaborating with the leading edge of technology. And made it current in our field will keep people out there in the industry. We're doing that. So far, this year, we're on track. We roughly spin out about 300 or so products a quarter, and we're about there. We run usually about 50 or so proteins a quarter, and that's kind of where we're at. And I'm looking for more impactful things. As you also know, this is a very interesting field when it comes to product. You don't have $100 million runners or anything, so it's a very dispersed step [ph]. So we're trying to -- I think the strategy is working with KOLs and customers to really find where the leading edge is going, to find where the more impactful, more highly thought molecules will be is where we want to go in that area. And this extends beyond proteins, of course, and the antibodies and the immunoassays. We're doing a lot new things coming up in the assaying kit. I think you'll think they're quite a good thing when we launch later this year, and stay tuned. I think innovation is going to be in the upswing here. I think it has to be for a technology like this to stay a leader.
Charles R. Kummeth: I think it is. But again, it's a 6% base for us right now. So being small, we should be able to improve by adding sales force. We've been a very conservative company in the past, and we're trying to get to know more of the game here. How far that goes? I don't know. I'm hoping it won't drop back to the 20s. But saying we're going to be over the 50s going forward is something that's too hard to say at this point, it's 1 quarter. But we're very happy with 38% in China and 14% Pac Rim. That's right on track for what I kind of wanted in light of the additions that we made.
Charles R. Kummeth: And the other relationships I mentioned, we're really focused on is the KOL, key opinion leader side of things, which will be more about innovation and finding more -- how the impactful products sooner rather than just choosing serendipity or whatever.
Charles R. Kummeth: I'll start, then maybe Greg wants to finish up with this one. We try to put as much color in our remarks as we could. With the dramatic cutbacks in NIH, I mean, it's clear things are going to be about the way they have been. We're only a quarter or 2 away, we hope here, from the comparables year-on-year. So things we thought kind of bottomed out, right, and then the government went to a shutdown. So we know that definitely compounded things for us late in the quarter here. We're not hearing it's going to step it for a grant cycle. There were rumors that it might, but we don't know for sure right now. So as long as the grant cycles aren't affected going forward, we shouldn't be bottomed out. We should be coming out of these comps. Being at that minus 10 or so percent is kind of about where we've been and it's kind of about where we expected. We certainly compensated on all the other industrial side of the house, in pharma and biotech. And it's just come to a point where we've got out a lot ourselves, talk to customers and they're not stocking. They're being very careful with their purchases. They don't know what's coming, so they're being real watchful in their experiments. And they're not overbuying. They're not stocking up. They're holding back. They're being told to cut back. They probably are experimenting with some other lower-priced competitive situations as well, all of the above. But we don't see it get any worse. And hopefully, we'll be developing our strategy. And I think also having the stronger commercial reach by having people in the field is also going to help us with that endeavor as well.
Charles R. Kummeth: We do not have progress to share today in pricing. But on the consumables side, we'll do what we have to do with pricing on the top and the bottom. And we're in the middle of stratifying our very extensive portfolio right now to figure out where other avenue there is to deal with there. In terms of what we disclose publicly, we're roughly 28% or so, something like that in the U.S. academic.
Charles R. Kummeth: I think that's probably on the side we've had some short-term impact here from the extra reach we have commercially. So the biotech/pharma, biopharma. I mean, pharma is still consolidating as an industry. But I think it slowed down. I think there is renewed activity. We're not hearing anything major that's concerning, I think. Looking forward, it's probably a better area for us for growth, like we have this quarter, than the academic side while we look for those issues really both year-on-year.
Charles R. Kummeth: It's all of the above there. We were having dramatic growth there. And I don't have a [indiscernible] here for which is in the lead. But they're all significant, they're all good. There's just a lot of funding available in China. I think the Beijing office being open is not a big impact. I mean, there's something like 100 institutions in Beijing, and we didn't have any presence at all. So there's one tidbit for you.
Charles R. Kummeth: Sure. We thought there might be a question on that one. But we've had this investment for a long time, something like 15 years. And we certainly are hoping that most of the pain [ph] is behind us and we're kind of riding on this. I've been out there visiting Tom, they've been here. We've had renewed a lot of our association. The team is getting tighter again. They have a pipeline of 10 molecules. And we're talking about a couple here, they've gone sideways with a big partner, GSK. I like it to say is that we're very supportive. We like what we hear. We like what we see. We're helping them. There's a lot more you can get off of their website and talking to them. They have a very, very good website and a lot of information on this. But they have a strong pipeline. I think the story is not over there. So we're kind of supportive and we're in a whole situation.
Gregory J. Melsen: It will probably remain about at the adjusted level, Amanda. About 2% of the impact was related to Bionostics, a little bit of medical devices tax impacts. So the adjusted margin should be about there. There could be some deceleration of the add-back and charge from the step-ups. But on an adjusted basis, it should remain about the same.
Gregory J. Melsen: We're really in the early stages of considering those opportunities. So it's difficult for us to comment on the impact. But we view those as other channels of distribution. And so the impact, if any, if we pursue that, would be in gross margins.
Gregory J. Melsen: I think you've got 2 factors as you look at Q2, the December quarter versus the September quarter. Historically, there will be a decline. And I think we still expect that in the December quarter, due to seasonality, we've got Thanksgiving and obviously the Christmas and New Year's, right, have impact, especially on the biotech arena, where sales are roughly tied to people that are at the bench. Bionostics will add to that. If you recall, we had probably 10 weeks in the quarter, slightly less than a full quarter. So we'll have a full quarter there, but there is also some seasonality impact there. So a small decline but a little bit of a pickup from Bionostics.
Justin Bowers: And this is Justin on for Dan. So just wanted to follow up on APAC. That was really strong in the quarter. And I know that you guys have made some investments over there. And I was just curious if you think that rate of growth is sustainable.
Justin Bowers: And OpEx, that came in better than what we've been looking for as well. And maybe your thoughts on the sustainability of kind of that and kind of juxtaposed with the pacing and potential impact of those OEM and partnership initiatives you mentioned.
Justin Bowers: Yes. So I guess, maybe like what we should look for in terms of timing about some of those relationships, and then where we might see the impact of that, whether it shows up in gross margin or in OpEx or...
