Jim Hippel: Yes, Puneet, thanks for the question. Like as we said before, you look at our track record, both during the COVID era upswing, but also during last almost a couple of years, what we call the COVID hangover, our organic growth rates have been consistently between 500 basis points to 1,000 basis points better than the overall market when you combine it. And this quarter appears to be no different. And so that gives us confidence in our portfolio, positioning gives us confidence in our team’s execution. And bottom line is that when market returns back to its historical growth rates of mid-single digit, we expect that gap in our performance relative to the market to be at least the same, if not better. So the real question is when do the markets get that mid-single-digit growth? And when they do, we believe we’ll be if not high single-digit, will be well in double-digit kind of growth territory. And that’s an open question. And the analysts and our peers, and we all debate that. But the good news is that there’s green shoots ahead of us as opposed to perceived headwinds. And so that’s exactly why we’ll be monitoring that very closely here as we prepare our own operating plans to prepare for that. But I’m not going to sit here and try to predict exactly when the markets come back to their kind of normal rate. But the sentiment is definitely going to be improving. And at least from the analyst reports that are out there, the dollars seem to be behind it as well.
Jim Hippel: Yes, sure. Thanks, Patrick. So first on the margin question. We talked about for a couple of quarters now that our goal was to get that to mid-30s type margin by the time we exit this fiscal year. It’s not a slam dunk to do that. We still got a ways to go to get from 33 [ph] to that point, but it’s not out of reach at this point. So I think, honestly, where the consensus has us right now feels about right for Q4, which gives us a nice launching pad into fiscal year 2025. And it’s really going to depend on the revenue where the markets are and what – I’ve already talked about our expectation of growth above and beyond the market growth. So as you saw from Q2 to Q3, the amount of margin expansion we had on the increased volume and much of that is seasonal. We have amazing pull-through, amazing gross margins in our products. So when you get that volume it contributes tremendously to the bottom line. And of course, we continue to invest because we’re investing for the long term. We’ve got these amazing growth pillars that we have to continue to kind of feed those bees so they can reach their full potential five years, 10 years down the road. So we’ll be balancing that as we go through our operating plan this year and look forward to providing you some more insight to that next call. With regards to the revenue question, to be clear, have clarity on that. As I mentioned, we do believe that revenues will be slightly higher in Q4 than Q3. But the organic growth percentage year-over-year might be a bit challenged, mainly because of the tough comp we have in China. If you think about China last year, we had mid-teens growth versus where it’s running right now, being 8% to 10% of our business, that’s up 1.5 points of headwind just in itself. So that’s kind of where we’re at right now in terms of the range of organic growth.
Jim Hippel: Yes, we’re absolutely – we absolutely are helping on – stay in the black for sure, so in terms of growth.
Jim Hippel: Yes. Hi, Catherine, this is Jim. Thanks for the question. Yes. I mean, I think generally speaking, the broad-based market performed as we expected. As you mentioned, China overall those as we expected as well. I think there is – if you look within the Protein Sciences, it gets back to our growth pillars and how resilient they are even in this down cycle we’ve been in. So a two point I’d call out would be one was cell and gene therapy. So we always said that when biotech funding came back, we believe that cell and gene therapy will be one of the first places you’d see it. And I’m not saying there’s a direct correlation there, but definitely a positive sign. And it was a bit of a surprise for us how quickly cell and therapy rebounded for us here in the third quarter. And again, we saw the same thing over, as Kim mentioned, in Wilson Wolf as well. So that was very encouraging. It was not necessarily in our outlook a quarter ago. The other growth pillar within Protein Sciences was within our instrument, proteomics instrument portfolio and even more specifically, Simple Western. Simple Western performed extremely well and actually grew double digit in instruments as well as consumables. So also a very good sign because we always figured that when the instrument market came back, that would be the first part of our portfolio that we would see it given it’s a broad base of applications. It’s also very used widely in cell and gene therapy, and it’s very the most underpenetrated of our three platforms. So that was not necessarily in our outlook a quarter ago, and it was very nice to see that come back so strong here this quarter. And then if I turn over to our diagnostics and genomics business, there is, I’d call out the surgeon business. As we talked about the growth rates there, we’re pretty much nearing our EPI test with Exosome. And – so very – one of the highest growth rates we’ve seen with the surgeon since we’ve owned the company and they got some new product launches out there are performing extremely well, and we think that momentum will continue. So that was also very nice to see.
Jim Hippel: Yes. Paul, this is Jim. So thanks for the question. Good to hear from you. Not given the size of so much on the by product line anymore. We try to avoid that from a competitive perspective. But as I highlighted in earlier – as an answer to earlier question, I think the Simple Western platform specifically was a highlight of that portfolio this quarter with double-digit growth overall and double-digit growth in both instrument placements as well as consumables. That being said, our entire instrument portfolio has been very resilient through this downturn. Despite struggles with the instrument placements the last several quarters, the consumables on all three platforms continue to offset that to keep those product lines in a very stable state overall. So we’re very pleased with how those – our instrument portfolio has performed and gives us that kind of great confidence that when the market normal, as no [ph] markets normalize, we’ll see accelerated growth in that portfolio once again.
Jim Hippel: Capacity is not – yes, capacity is no longer an issue. We’re probably stop talking about it because I think we have capacity could last as a decade or more, to be honest with you at least as it pertains to our GMP proteins for the CAR-T for the immunotherapy market. We still have some capacity that we need to build out for our regenerative medicine side of our – the GMP protein business. But as it pertains to what that facility was specifically built for, which is the immunotherapy side of cell therapy market. Capacity will not be an issue for a decade or more to come.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thank you, Puneet. Regarding pharma and the early funding, thank you, you and I have discussed in earlier this quarter, I do believe that funding would be seen to flow through earliest for the consumables part, right? So we do believe that CapEx, larger events will have a little bit longer of a lead time before their fundings flow through. We also do know like we mentioned earlier, that there is a couple of months that we now have seen good funding for the pharma, biopharma areas. And we do know that there’s usually two quarters or so of a delay before that funding flows into the business. I think that overall, this looks very good right now. But as I also mentioned, those are only trends for three months, and we had some disastrous months at the end of the calendar year. So yes, good indication. It looks like a green shoot, looks like things are going up, but it’s early days, and therefore, we want to be careful that prognosis. The cell and gene therapy, it has been outpacing our overall company’s growth for a long time. I think it’s a very strong product line as are all four of our verticals. And I think that we are having a great opportunity there. We have the best reagents to place in that space. And as you know, we have a real good opportunity to consolidate all our reagents into the GRx [ph] for the cell and gene therapy space. So we’re very bullish on it. We do know that some of these quarters can be very – can be a little bit lumpy because of the larger orders from the companies that are food in their pipeline and that really can make a quarter swing. However, we saw really strong growth in the earlier-stage companies. And that will give us a better foundation because if more of these 400 customers or so that we have started ordering earlier in their pipelines that will give us a more stable foundation to continue to put up great numbers. But for now, we are, of course, very encouraged with our play in cell and gene therapy and are very glad to see here some momentum building in that end market.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thanks, Mac. As you know, we are big believers of the situation in China improving over time and that this will be as it used to be a true growth driver for the business. As you know, we also had three real tough quarters in China right now, and that’s mainly paced by the lack of funding. We do hear there also some green shoots of funding efforts. And yes, we are keeping our eye to the floor there that the momentum will continue build, specifically for instrumentation. We know that the $70 billion funding that’s laid out or the loan that the government is laying out is aimed at improving and innovating the instrumentation base. And we think we can benefit from that funding. And in the meantime, we hear positive – positivity from our sales force. They talk to their customers and the customers are getting more interested about hearing the benefits our automation brings. And our automation brings consistency, it’s very efficient and it’s got fast results. So that value proposition fits really, really well with the new funding potentially flowing through into China.
Kim Kelderman: Yes, I think it’s the latter. The – it’s clear that we have a very efficient sales force in China. We’ve always done really well in the region. We feel we have the right coverage, direct versus indirect. And I think that we’ve got the right product positioning. In addition to that, we are, as you know, investing in China for China GMP plant, which will also come in line over the coming quarters. And with that, I think we have the right portfolio, the right value proposition as well as the right go-to-market channels. So I’m very happy with the situation that we currently have there.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thank you, Patrick. Thermo Fisher Scientific has a ton of capabilities, but one of the big ones is the Fisher Scientific channels, and that channel provides great reach and ease of use for transactions for our customers. As you might know, we’ve had a distribution agreement, a very similar one in the U.S. since 2014, so for about 10 years now. And we’re very, very comfortable and used to collaborating with the Fisher channel. I can expect a similar trend and a similar setup in Europe, where our European customers can benefit from the commercial footprint, the reach and also the ease of transactions that come with dealing with the Fisher Scientific channel. And of course, this convenience and this reach is very important for us as well. And therefore, we can – we hope that we can serve our customers better. Nonetheless, of course, Bio-Techne will maintain and grow our direct channels as we have done in the U.S.A. as well. And we will make sure that we fine-tune and work really well together with the Fisher channel and collaborate to eventually optimize our customers’ convenience and the reach we have as a company.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thank you, Justin, for the question. As I mentioned earlier, I think our cell and gene therapy play is just very strong because of the different products we sell into it, right? As you know, we have a 20% stake in Wilson Wolf, and Wilson Wolf have this GRx, which is a container that makes it really easy and efficient to grow – to grow T cells. To grow these T cells, you would need our core products. So we have our GMP proteins, cytokines, chemokines to make sure that you can fine-tune the growth of these T cells. And these are all very high-value ingredients to the cell and gene therapy market. We do know that, for example, the GRx is in about half let’s say, 45% of all the clinical trials that are going on in this space, we know that we are obviously very keen on making sure that all our ingredients are being used in that setup just as well. So we create the pull-through. We’ve seen fantastic growth in our GMP proteins and that are now on basing at an annualized revenue of about $60 million. And yes, we’re very proud that we had a record quarter. As I mentioned earlier, it can be a little lumpy because they are the larger customers that are in the back end of their clinicals where volumes go higher, and that will create some variation of results quarter-over-quarter. But overall, we have seen consistent very high growth within this space. And we know that more and more companies are entering the race because cell and gene therapy has been shown to be able to cure diseases we previously not have been able to find any solutions for us, so we’re very excited about this space.
Kim Kelderman: Yes, Wilson Wolf, as I mentioned, participate in 45% of all the clinicals. There are several of these companies that we collaborate with that have now reached the finish line and are commercializing, which is a very good indication, and we’re over half of those. And then last but not least, overall, the company started growing again in double digits, it’s – it’s sitting this quarter in around 14%, and it has a fantastic run rate. And as you can imagine, really, really high margins north of 72%, and yes, we’re very, very happy to see that Wilson Wolf is having such traction in this important market, specifically because we know that Bio-Techne will definitely benefit from it with our reagent. But also over time, we will own the company, and we will then have the data benefit as well.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thank you, Dan. The production constraints are really, really facing the output right now. We are really happy, first and foremost, that we see the demand that we would like, right, and then actually exceeding expectations. So that’s the most important fundamental. We do believe that during this quarter, the quarter we’re currently in that we will get very close to what our book is. But the real status quo where we can produce as many Comets as that get ordered will be in our first fiscal year quarter. So the third calendar quarter and then we will continue to reel in the backlog in the first half of our fiscal year. You asked about my enthusiasm in spatial, it’s huge. Obviously, it’s a very fast-growing market, and you’ve been – you’ve gotten used to ACD being a real winner in the reagent space, with all the benefits that we know about it. And then Comet, it’s early days. But if we compare the system to other peer systems in the field, we know that Comet is the only instrument that has a full workflow automation, right? So there’s no manual interference or manual steps in the workflow. The Comet you can use any antibodies that you’ve used to utilize in your workflow. We have 50,000 RNA targets, a truly multiomic machine. So you can see your protein and your RNA targets sanely in the same slide. As you know, Bio-Techne has 400,000 antibodies. So there’s plenty of choice to pick from in order to boost our pull-through on the instrument. And as you know, we can run four slides in parallel, and there we have the highest throughput in the market. So I’m extremely pleased with our positioning from a reagent as well as from an automation point of view, and we will continue to work to make our reagents, our antibodies as what the system seamlessly working together from some preparation [ph] all the way to image analysis to eventually make it most convenient for our customers to perform their special biology test.
Kim Kelderman: That was a very good question, Matt. No, fortunately, it’s not something we discovered. It’s truly an outpacing of the orders versus our initial projections. And we had lofty projections but the traction in the market is just overwhelming. And that means that we have to increase our in-house capacity, which, of course, is something that we’re very used to do. We have a fantastic operations team in Switzerland that gets supported by operations teams from the U.S. just as well and from across other businesses such as the ProteinSimple business, very much used to producing high-volume instrumentation. So I’m very confident we can increase that capacity. But as you can imagine, the pull-through also hit some of the vendors. So also there, we have to make sure that we help out with the upscaling of certain critical parts that the vendors are having to get used to these new volumes, right? So overall, we just have to beef up the capacity. It’s a great thing. By now, it’s a good problem to have, and we’re very confident that we can resolve this and there is no other underlying constrained or issue that we are aware of.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thank you for the question. I just have to say that when I talk to our customers in the cell and gene therapy space, ScaleReady has a real good reputation. So it’s truly a brand now in that particular space. And of course, it has a full solution for cell and gene therapy customers. And that’s why I believe that you see such traction in not only the volume of the G-Rex and the revenue associated with it, but also in the pull-through of proteins the cytokines and chemokines that we – customers end up using in that setup. It’s a complete solution. It’s scalable, and it’s relatively easy to implement compared to some of the competitive workflows. And yes, I think that is a chicken and the egg, right? ScaleReady is doing really well because that’s a fantastic solution. And the other way around, the customers do get to enjoy the solution because the ScaleReady team is really efficient in bringing it to market and educating our customers about the benefit of the solution we have.
Kim Kelderman: Catherine, thank you for the question. No, there were no such influences in this past quarter and don’t expect them in the next quarter either, specifically because the setup is that Fisher will bring in the leads, and we will ship directly from our warehouse. So you will not see any of those dynamics, if that makes sense.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. I think that academic markets have – we’ve done pretty well in there. And overall, I must say we see a relatively stable environment, right, with the Horizon funding in Europe as well as in the U.S. So it’s a stable market. Of course, with the lull in the biotech industry, some of our innovative sales reps have found their way into some of the academic accounts as well and have started refocusing there. So there is a nice bump up for us by just having the right focus and the connections further developing between the customers in academic as well as the sales rep. So at the end of the day, I think this is not a something that is just for one quarter or two quarters. I think as long as the academic funding stays as it is or gets better, we will continue to see a benefit from that end market, and we will continue to be good or even better at serving it. So – and that’s what I expect for the coming quarters.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thanks for your question around spatial biology end markets. I do believe that end market is under less pressure than other end markets. It’s just such an important tool into determining which biomarker you’re going after. It’s just a new way of doing your research and validating your results. So it’s here to stay, and that market will continue to grow significantly, and we believe that it will grow double digits for the foreseeable future. Yes, we see competitive wins, as I mentioned earlier, when Dan asked the question, there are tremendous benefits from a Comet automation system over other systems that are in the market are reagents, their antibodies are also in the lead and very unique in that market. So that combination is just very strong. And if I look at some of the trends in the market, yes, we have been able to sell Comets into accounts that have experience with other systems. But an even stronger signal is the moment we found that customers want a second Comet, right? And then now we have several larger pharma companies that have ordered the third one. So that means it’s not only a good value proposition at the moment you buy it, but it’s still a really good value proposition the moment you use it, and that gives them real first-hand experience, and that gives me confidence that, that workflow is indeed a real strong value position compared to the other solutions in the market.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thank you, and thank you, everybody, for joining the call today and for the insightful questions. I’m extremely proud of the Bio-Techne team’s accomplishments in this dynamic environment, and I’m also proud of the results we’ve been able to deliver in this quarter. Our differentiated portfolio addresses some of the highest growth markets in life sciences and is positioned to deliver best-in-class performance, for all our stakeholders going forward. Thank you very much for joining the call.
