Jim Hippel: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. Also on the call this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations about the Company's future results. The Company's 10-K for fiscal year 2015 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements made during this call. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the Company's other SEC filings are available on the Company's website within the investor relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the Company's press release issued early this morning and on the Bio-Techne Corporation website at www.bio-techne.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chuck.
Jim Hippel: The budget is $31 billion, going up $2 billion. 3% last year to 6.5% this year. Some of that will find its way to us for sure. Everyone buys data on who gets what grants. There's thousands of grants given and we're trying to map those grants by the customers that are getting them as to what who are our customers to see if one institution is getting x amount more grants per this, how big a customer they are for us. But it's hard to quantify. We're sure we're going to have some tailwind from it. I would look at it as nothing more for now and be conservative. It's a nice buffer for us maintaining our mid-single-digit growth in this area. So at least we're not declining. We don't have to worry about compensating for any of that. It's definitely on the right direction. And with a full 6.5% increase in the budget, something should find its way to us. Hard to quantify. As we get further along here, though, this next quarter, we will try to have more data on that.
Jim Hippel: We don't give data that specific. But they are large pharma-based customers, essentially. And they missed by just a few days last quarter. And are they material or do they carry this division with a strong tenet [Technical Difficulty] organic growth? Without them, we still would have had a good quarter. You got to look at this as a more annualized business now, with the two segments being much more lumpy with the long shelf life and the bulk ordering that they do. And all in all, things -- I think you'll find that they net out right where we see they should net out.
Chuck Kummeth: No, we don't offer that kind of data. It's not really a -- like a mass spec to the business, where there's really heavy bookings front-end with it. We pretty much ship what we've build pretty quickly.
Chuck Kummeth: There is a lot of exciting news there. As you know, there are three different roadmaps of platforms in that company, that business,[indiscernible] with CyVek. And we just announced Maurice. We have a new biologics platform that allows us to look at size as well as charge. So it's a dramatic increase. It comes after, I think, five or six years of -- since the last major upgrade in that product line. And we already were experiencing solid growth. We're in high single-digit growth in that platform anyway. So we're really excited about it. And we just announced it last week, I think, maybe even two weeks ago, but initial interest has been nothing short of staggering.
Chuck Kummeth: Challenging. So, yes, I think we will need more time with this market. And with things settling back -- things have settled back for most biotechs in our space, but it takes more than a few months. Hopefully things will get a little cheaper. We participate in the Affy deal and hard to compete with big Thermo when they are interested. But we remain very engaged with a strong pipeline, a strong hopper and we're active in deals at this very moment as we always are.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, you know, we've talked about this a lot in the past. And you know personally, when I joined a little less than [two] [ph] years ago, there was a lot to be done here operationally. I'm Six Sigma trained. We have a lot of people here that are, the new people that come in. We have a lot of strong operational leaders that come from much bigger companies running much bigger businesses and we're rigorous in reworking this thing and organizing into -- like as an example, dividing development away from manufacturing. So we actually have a factory part of the organization now in biotech. That allows the organization to work on productivity. And that part of the organization has done very well. We give them a challenge in every year's plan of how much productivity to find. And you break that down in creating projects to find it and then you work it every month. That's how everyone does it and that's how we do it, too. I'll give you one example. There was a lot of -- we're known for quality. We're known for our high bioactivity. We're known for superiority of our products and we test and test and test and test here. But we're probably bringing in a little of our testing theory, SC, statistical methods and that's also helping us out just to be a little more streamlined. There's just never been much done before. Even though it is very lean, there's still a lot of methodologies here that will help. We have brought in a lot of new systems, computers. We have an online product mapping system. I wouldn't call it an ELN per se, but when you generate over 1500 or 2000 new products a year, you have to have a system to manage all those to the pipeline.  And that's an extensive internal IT system that we use and we've really improved that and made that much more -- just much more efficient for all employees to use in the lab, whether they are working in assays, whether they are working in antibodies, whether they are working in proteins and that's also helped. So, a lot of programs, a lot of projects. But, all in all, it's a great quarter. And consistently, we have been improving margins, as you have seen that year over year here.
Chuck Kummeth: All the above, but we have more or less overhauled our commercial organization. It was -- we had a lot of language in our prepared remarks today because of this situation. It's been an issue starting about two quarters ago. We're well over halfway through the process. We're really excited about what we're seeing, so we have basically rehired 60% or so of our Simple Western sales force in the last three to four months. They are all in place. They're all trained. We have everybody linked up through Salesforce.com and a pretty rigorous process for understanding how they are doing personally, individually, one by one in terms of lead generation and closing deals. And, as Jim put it in his remarks, we're seeing a lot of good evidence. Leads are up 20%. The pipeline is definitely filling again. Numbers are improving. It's a nine-month selling cycle. So there isn't any way to try to shortcut this. When you hire new people, you've got to start over with the accounts. And there was a big change in philosophy and marketing, too. When we bought ProteinSimple, it was very much a young, hip Silicon Valley company. And they are really focused on getting out this new, sexy technology and it was really marketed towards early adopters. But we both know early adopters more or less come to you. They're banging on your door to get the next thing. You don't have to sell to them. The marketing has now taken a turn. We have a new head of marketing in ProteinSimple. And we're now trying to leverage, first of all, R&D systems so the broad commercial reach we have with a network globally of researchers, that's very extensive. And I think it will pay off. The cross-selling -- if anything, it's gotten them to open up and be much more collaborative with the rest of the Company and it's working quite well. As you know, our head of sales on the biotech comes from the instrument space, a life-tech person and has been very instrumental in helping that team out there really also get back on track. But we're not only putting in process; we're also putting in systems that can give us evidence of how we're doing. And we will get it until we get it right. It's one of the largest work streams for a life science professional. It's, we think, well over a $2 billion market space. But it's a hard process to crack. You've got to sell it to a lot of people. It's a manual process and a lot of these labs have grad students anyway and it's kind of a Western blot is a bit of a rite of passage, I think, for a chemist. You've got to break through all that and we're going to have to do more demos and a lot of classical methodologies for selling instruments which we have a lot of people here that know how to do it. And it's all beginning to work. As we have been careful to say, we're not through it yet. It's on the way back and it's -- we're definitely well over halfway through this we think.
Chuck Kummeth: I'll have to give you a dollar the next time I see you because it's a really good story. The website is fantastic. We launched it last summer on schedule, on budget. I've rarely been able to do that in my career with a website. That team is unbelievable. And if you have taken a look at our new website, it is dramatically improved from what the deal website was. And we're talking about links to tens of thousands of products, links to citations, links to data. The Pathways section is unbelievable. So it's a dramatically improved user experience and our traffic is going up. And on the retail side of our business, obviously more traffic. More time on the Web means more sales and it's happening. The Novus numbers are moving up more quickly than the rest of the portfolio. Because of this, because it is -- they were already known in that space and that website was the first -- that business first to use the new website, we're in high single-digit growth safely. And I shouldn't comment further, but I think the future is even upside. So, especially here.
Chuck Kummeth: It's continuing to grow, well over 1,100 certified antibodies. We continue to build momentum as awareness is out there. Wow, we can buy antibodies that that actually will be proven to work with the system, so we don't have to waste half of what we bought trying to dial them in. That's what we hear a lot. The comments that Jim talked about with the consumables being up 20%, even though we were down in the category, it tells you something that the consumables and the content are growing and that people are using the machines that are out there. So we like that a lot. The whole model in China is going quite well. This is a record quarter for us. We've never had 30% growth for China. So I think that's going to bode well for the overall business as well. So it's coming together. People ask me all the time, how many is enough. Do we need 3,000 or 5000 certified antibodies? I think it's more important that we zone in on the antibodies that are of interest in the applied markets. And it's probably -- we're probably getting close to really the majority of the distribution we have to have to really help the category. But we will keep doing it. It's the future. People want certified antibodies. They want antibodies that work. They want quality and they are tired of all the junk out there. And that is our strategy to provide quality.
Chuck Kummeth: They are all roughly in the same range in size. We don't give specifics, but they are not too far off. They are all important. The protein business was where we're the worldwide leader by far. It is certainly the smallest market and it's not growing north of 3% to 4%, we feel. We're working ahead of market right now. And I think our strategy of going upstream, providing even more quality, doing -- continue to do the hard-to-do, only-offered-by-us proteins is kind of our strategy. We have PrimeGene for -- and Novus for fighter brands, so to speak and for China. For China -- and I can tell you the cytokine and the protein business -- China is growing north of 40%. So it's extremely healthy. And the PrimeGene strategy is working; we have a brand-new factory there. It's all G&P approved and we love what we see. The biggest pond to go after here includes antibodies. And we bought Novus. It's many billions. It depends a lot by the applied markets you are in. We have 7% growth in that space which is about at market. I think market, depending what you want to believe, is somewhere -- you read between 6% and 8%. So we're in the range. I think a lot of that has to do with this is what we're seeing really help with our website. We also introduced just a minor new portfolio last year, 8,000 new products of sample antibodies. And these are $99 apiece. This is something we've never done before, coming down at lower packet sizes to reach the retail segment. You always had to buy a lot of Verity Systems' branded stuff to get anything. And clearly our competition was being much more flexible with customers. So we've done this and it's been a huge success. And then -- it's actually helped a lot. So since a lot of these people are buying a sample that weren't customers before and then they're understanding who we're and what we have to offer, then they are ordering up. So that's all helping as well. One assay side, I think that's the newest -- that's the biggest unknown frontier. I think with our Luminix association which is going very well, with strong growth, we also sell instruments there now, too. And we're selling in every region of the world. So, selling full solutions. We also sell content to a lot of people in this space. And we're the ELISA leader and, of course, that's why we bought CyVek. With the platform of CyVek, we have a next-generation microfluidic parallel ELISA system ready to go. And as of last week, we just launched a whole new cartridge, a 72 x 1 which is essentially a super ELISA. It's the only way to explain it 4 to 5 logs of dynamic range, extremely sensitive, extremely accurate and extremely fast. And a sample to data and answers in one hour. So we think we're on track for expanding our asset business. Again, this is a bigger -- much bigger market than the protein business and so all three segments are important. It's defend, expand and expand.
Chuck Kummeth: It was one of my big worries coming into this Company was that are we going to be really worried about price going forward with a strong [indiscernible] of R&D systems brand. But we've not had any price impact. We have been able to increase prices on important new to the world, where we stand alone as the only premier reagent supplier. And, of course, we have to go to war in the low-end stuff and we have PrimeGene and other things to work with. The net of it all is our pricing is [Technical Difficulty] which I think is outstanding given the way these markets are.
Chuck Kummeth: Give you a dollar, too. It's also a really good story, especially we've had three very good quarters in a row. A lot of discussion a couple of quarters ago about was Germany back. Germany's really getting -- Europe is hitting on all cylinders, really. It's really looking great. I think, all in all, there's nothing really to worry about along those lines for now.
Chuck Kummeth: It's a great question. We've done 6 acquisitions since I've been here. I would say 5 are pretty much integrated. I would say ProteinSimple's pretty much integrated. And in terms of ProteinSimple being on track, it really is three segments in ProteinSimple and two are doing great. It's the Simple Western platform which is the biggest reason we bought it, of course. But that's the part that we're reengineering and it's on track. The biologics is a great story. And with the new Maurice platform being launched, we expect high growth to continue in that area. And are we ready for more? Absolutely. We've always been ready for more and we probably have never been more ready than now. We have spent a lot of time on this process and we have participated in some that were heartbreakers that got away, but it doesn't stop us. We were on a rigorous process. We were on process that we have targets in parallel and deals will come when deals come. And one thing we will not do, though, is overpay. We will remain very disciplined. And our process never allows us to fall in love with anything that we shouldn't be falling in love with too early.
Chuck Kummeth: Double-digit organic growth in the Company this size already, I think it would be good. We've always stressed the core of the Company which is now still over half by far, but it's mid-single-digit growth. And with the markets growing the way they're growing and proteins being where they are with a large share, it's hard to get too over our skis on that. I think mid-single-digit growth is what we continue to say. Long term, we have our goals. We've given that. And the new spaces, yes, we want ProteinSimple. We want the Simple Western back in a 20% growth area. CyVek is never going to be as large a business -- the ELISA platform. But it's a solid new business. It's all organic growth. It's all growth because it's a start-up. The net-net of it all, we've always said, should be high single digits is where we think will be. And with PP -- with ProteinSimple back on track, we would be there. You can do your own math on our quarter and if you can do the math without ProteinSimple and what we would be at in [indiscernible]. And then do the math. If we'd been at plan with ProteinSimple, you can see the math and you can see we would be right where you're talking about.
Chuck Kummeth: Give it a couple more seconds. Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining in. A good quarter for us and we're looking forward already in this quarter and we're busy at it. And we will look forward to talking to you again very soon. Thank you.
Amanda Murphy: Could you just talk a little bit about the three segments of the biologics business? So, thinking about proteins, antibodies and ELISA kits specifically. I think you talked in the past about having some price competition and maybe that has changed a bit over the past year or so. So just looking for an update on how those two businesses are doing specifically.
Amanda Murphy: And on the pricing side, I know you have been looking at your book of business there from pricing perspective. Just curious what you're seeing, if any change. I think you've gotten a bit better from a competitive standpoint, if I recall correctly.
Amanda Murphy: Okay. And then on the biopharma side, obviously that's been quite strong. And you guys are a bit earlier in the process in terms of R&D. But is there any weakness potentially that you see just given the volatility that's in the market these days? Like I said -- go ahead, sorry.
