Kim Kelderman: Puneet, good morning. Thanks for your question. Let me start with the instrument question that you asked. Yes, like most others, our instrumentation growth rates have been under pressure in the end markets, as we know them, specifically China and biopharma being constrained. But we’re also proud to mention that the consumables directly related to these instruments have been growing double digits now seven quarters in a row. So we are very confident that the installed base is getting utilized optimally and that we are filling up capacity that we have in the installed base. And there with funding coming back in, we are pretty certain that there will be a drive to get increased capacity in the field and there will drive our instrumentation numbers. Your question on the RUO antibodies, it’s been, obviously, the dynamics with the different end markets swinging a little bit in a bottoming out process and that makes it a lumpy business. Overall, we are looking carefully at all the different product lines. And we see some lumpiness quarter-over-quarter, but nothing that we are alerted about. And we feel overall that portfolio is nicely positioned.
Kim Kelderman: Thank you, Jacob. It’s a good question. It is quite, I must say, quite comforting that we look at these four growth verticals very carefully because those are also areas where investment dollars flow in and our activity level is very high. And then we continuously look at our programs there, but also the competitive landscape. And you take that all together, and we’re still very committed to each and every one of those. We’ve – yes, we feel that we have really differentiated position with wonderful symbiosis between those four growth verticals and the core reagents, where each of these growth verticals pulls through. Our core reagents is very high margins, and we have very differentiated positions in the market. So we’re still very confident about it. The difference that you could – you would ask is like, so what is the difference between now and 1.5 years ago, and that’s obviously that the end markets have slowed since and that the question is not so much, will we get to the numbers at that time projected. But the question is, when do you get to those numbers? And that timeframe is slightly delayed. So in five-year forecast, you always think about a couple of mediocre years, a couple of good years, a couple of bad years. Unfortunately, now we had a couple of lackluster years behind us. So hopefully, those are the system, and we’re still on track. But it could well be that takes a little longer. And then you would have to think about delaying the $2 billion mark. But whether we get there is not the question, and we’re really confident with our platforms.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thanks for the question. The linkage to the growth platform is key there. Some of the RUO reagents fit nicely in pull-through. As you know, that we are now having enabled, for example, the Comet instruments to utilize our Bio-Techne antibodies that sit in the RUO reagent. And those mechanisms will start pulling through the core. Of course, the core goes to market itself, but that is the lackluster end market. Now we can also think about how do you get through that better than others, and that's by continuing to improve and solidify our marketplace as well. So the marketplace, making sure that it's easy to transact with Bio-Techne, making sure that our website is in great shape, combine that with the vertical platforms putting through those reagents, is the secret sauce there. And fortunately, in parts of the portfolio that is already working, because some of the RUO product lines are already in the black. Thanks for the question.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. So fortunately, we've seen some resilience in that portfolio. But I wouldn't say it's immune, right. So there are still larger pharma customers that would have a run rate of $1 million or more if it comes to quarterly usage of some of our reagents. And there is shuffling going on in an end market in which sometimes the programs get closed or sometimes locations get consolidated. Now overall, I don't think that will have a long-term effect on the need of special biology. I'm very confident that we'll be there. But the shuffling in the interim could result in some lumpiness. Overall, the run rate of that business is now at $120 million. And we see double-digit growth in the coming years, especially because we're nicely combining an instrument, top-notch instrument in the market that can pull through our RNA scope reagents as well as our antibodies. And right now, that instrument is running according to just short of 50,000 a quarter. And once we got all our reagents linked to it, we feel that, that pull-through could double and there we've become our highest pull-through instruments. So I'm very confident this is going to be a very positive product line for us and a positive effect on our company.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thanks, Jack. As you know, the funding program is trickling through the different systems and regional governments. It's certainly on its way, is what we hear. Customers are certainly interested in receiving the benefits and also interested in spending the money already. And as you know, it's highly tailored to instrumentation only. And I think we're really well positioned to benefit from it. A couple of data points. First of all, our instrumentation is pretty unique and creates efficiencies and improve the data that you get out of it. So there's a fantastic value proposition there. Secondly, about a year ago, a similar funding concept was put in place, and we truly benefited. That's why our current Q4, the one we're reporting on right now, had relatively high comparables year-over-year because of that funding. And that worked out very well for us. This program is put in place for three years. So we feel that the moment these funds become available, we will benefit short-term. And then, I feel it will be a positive driver for the coming years ahead, which is, of course, better than just one quick jolt that then falls flat again. So I'm happy with that concept. Now in the meantime, out of our four product lines, we have the Ella, Ella product line and that one has already been growing very nicely in China. And as I mentioned at the beginning of the earnings call, we have seen the consumables on all four of our platforms continue to grow double-digits in the market as well and indicating that there is a very healthy usage of our instruments. So overall, I'm pretty confident that this will be a positive driver for the company. But like everybody else, the timing and when it trickles through is a little bit more vague, but I think the – if it's more important than the when, and I'm pretty certain that if is going to take place.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thank you for the question. First of all, we were delighted that we saw a healthy demand above our capacity. That of course, always a good starting point, painful nonetheless. So our teams have worked really hard in cranking up the capacity. And yes, I think, that's ongoing now for a little over two quarters. And I'm very pleased to see the progress there. And yes, we've mentioned it that it was still a consideration in Q4, our last fiscal quarter that we are now reporting on. But that in Q1 fiscal year 2025, this problem should be going away. So the lines of capacity and demand are going to be crossing any week or any month right now. And from there, we should not be held back by the capacity constraints anymore and just be able to focus on increasing demand. So it's looking very promising from that point of view. You might not hear about that topic anymore.
Kim Kelderman: Yes. Thanks for the question. No, the initiation of linking the RNAscope HiPlex to the box is actually happening this quarter and is going to roll out throughout this quarter. The antibodies you could be using right now, so that’s also already in place. Will we broaden that portfolio and add different tools to it? Yes, and that will be, I would just stay filling out of the toolbox over the coming quarters and years. But to start to get going and to do your experiments across most diseases, most species, fully automated multiomics, that’s possible as we speak in the coming months.
Kim Kelderman: I think what is a positive driver for our company is that much of the NIH funding, but also the Horizon funding in Europe has been focused on infectious diseases and technologies and sciences related to infectious diseases initiated through because of the pandemic. But there is a more normalization if it comes to doing your studies and your sciences around neurology as well as immuno-oncology, and those are areas we are stronger and better positioned in. So overall, we feel that the mix coming out of those funds will be in our advantage.
Kim Kelderman: I think it’s a mixture, and thanks for the question. There are certainly just fundamental improvements where we feel that we are taking share. There’s also, of course, some dynamics that we should not count on going forward all the time, because we don’t know exactly. Remember that we had a couple of quarters of inventory adjustments. And then, we knew that with the destocking that we were going through a couple of quarters that were lackluster. And then we call the end of that in December and that we would be free and clear of that in the new calendar year. And that became true. But I do believe that some of the inventories also got normalized and that there is a little extra momentum there that won’t repeat. Overall, though, I think there is some real underlying strength in that these end markets are healthy, and we are taking market share.
Kim Kelderman: Yes, I will go ahead with closing statements. Thank you very much for joining the call today and for all the insightful questions. I’m extremely proud of the Bio-Techne team’s accomplishments and all the results that we have been able to deliver in the quarter and in the fiscal year even under the current market conditions. Our differentiated portfolio address some of the highest growth markets in life sciences and is positioned to deliver best-in-class performance for all of our stakeholders going forward. So thank you very much and to the next earnings call.
Jim Hippel: Well, I guess, as I said, I’ve given some guidance on how I think the year will progress based on a baseline market expectation – that baseline market expectations for a very gradual improvement in our end markets. I don’t think we see anything immediately that would suggest an improvement in our end markets in the very near term. But I think by the end of the year, we’re hoping that we start to see some uplift with biotech, given the increased funding that we saw, we’ve seen so far year-to-date that should turn to spending. And then continue to 2025, you have Chinese stimulus starting to kick in and the pharma budgets being reset. So that’s kind of a gradual progression of the growth rates as we see it. And that’s what I’ve outlined in my prepared comments. And how fast that progression happens or how slow it happens will depend on what the full year number ends up being.
Jim Hippel: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jacob. So just to reiterate, from a margin perspective, we do have a significant headwind with the incentive compensation accrual restatements across the entire company. It’s about 100 basis points. So without that headwind, we would be talking about some incremental margin improvement this year. That being said, we do see a line of sight assuming the growth rates accelerate throughout the year, we do see line of sight to margin operating – adjusted operating margins being 100 basis points to 200 basis points higher than we ended this year, which would end us in the year somewhere in the mid-30s. My comment around 35% was actually greater than 35%. So it was really the message that we see this year as a year of recovery. That would set up very nicely to get back to our long-term growth objectives, which is north of 35% operating margin, up to 40%, of course. That’s the range we’ve always stated, and back on track to our long-term growth plan. So that was the main message behind that comment.
Jim Hippel: Yes. Thanks for the question, Dan. GMP – overall GMP revenue growth for fiscal year 2024 did grow. We were – we did have growth overall for the year, even though it was choppy, which is a positive sign and a very tough year. And so we expect those growth rates to increase obviously an improving market. So that’s essentially what’s been baked into the forward guidance.
Jim Hippel: I mean, we’re sticking with that guidance, right? And I think this quarter is yet another testament to it. By our calculations, our peer group in total shrink roughly about 4% this quarter and we grew 1%. And so kind of back to Puneet’s question in terms of that getting back to double-digit growth, we are absolutely confident. When the market gets back to mid-single-digit growth, we will be at double digit. And so trying to predict when that full market recovery happens is difficult to do. But I think we’re trying to conserve in a slower pace of recovery that 2025 as a calendar year will be a year of recovery and it might take that full calendar year to get there, which is why we’re being a bit conservative on the fiscal basis ends in June. We’ve been hearing from our peers also that bio production is looking to recover here perhaps a bit sooner, which might be the first bit of jolt that the industry needs to kind of get going into. So again, I think there’s a lot of positive signs. We call them green shoots last quarter. I think they’re still green shoot this quarter. They just haven’t quite sprouted yet. I also point out that we have some company specific activity that will help our growth rate as well. We had obviously Lunaphore, Comet launch that's happening, give us multiomic capabilities, so that should be an upside for growth. And then we have our real instrument that Kim talked about in our ProteinSimple franchise, which has already gained a lot of interest with customers since we announced that future release. So between our company-specific activities and the market improving, we're feeling pretty good about next year, but we're just being very conservative around the pace of market recovery, as I think everyone else is in our peer side.
Jim Hippel: Yes. I mean the reality is that we've been working on productive initiatives throughout this down cycle. So it's definitely throughout fiscal 2023, 2024 and have more projects in the fiscal year 2025 as well. And it's a delicate balance of making sure we adjust the structure inside of our business relative to our volumes, while maintaining and fueling the growth pillars, the growth verticals in our company that are allowing us to outperform, our competition and will propel us in the double-digit growth once the market gets back to the normal growth rates. And so it's a delicate balance, but I think we've been pretty successful in these initiatives that we're doing. And we have a line of sight to do that yet again this year and basically offset any new investments we're making in those growth pillars in particular to keep them moving forward to our five-year plan objectives. So it's an ongoing process for our company.
Jim Hippel: Yes, I’ll take that. Thank you, Catherine. Again, it’s a gradual, it’s a very gradual increase that we’re talking about fueled based off of market projections, right? And I said in my opening comments that somewhere between low and mid-single digit growth in the first half, which would suggest some level of progression in both our end markets and our absolute performance in the first half of our fiscal year 2025, I’ll make sure that that’s clear. With regards to where that improvement comes from, I think Kim mentioned this in his opening comments as well. Largely it’s going to come from our protein science. That’s the segment that’s a part of our business has most been severely impacted by China, by the biotech funding issues, by the slowdown in big pharma. That’s all hitting dead center into our Protein Sciences segment. So as those end markets recover, our Protein Sciences segment will be the recovers the fastest and the most, which will improve our mix over time throughout the year and ultimately improve our margins throughout the year, which is another basis for why we believe the second half margins will be significantly better than the first half.
Jim Hippel: I would just say as for China, that it was basically a repeat of Q3. It really was in terms of, you look at the absolute dollars, the growth rates, our reagents continue to be double digit like they were last quarter, which is a great time for recovery. But instruments continue to be down and we’re not projecting any major pickup on instruments until we get into our first quarter of 2025 – I’m sorry, first quarter – first calendar 2025 when the stimulus kicks in for China. So we see China continue to be stable, but then really pick up its growth rates in the back half of our fiscal year.
Jim Hippel: Yes, I mean, biopharma taking China out of the mix, which we report biopharma, it’s really excluding China. Anyway, we mentioned that it was low single digit growth and was very consistent globally, both in Europe and in the U.S. And yes, low single digit decline growth. But more importantly, the sequential performance of biopharma was consistent in Q4 as it was in Q3. So try not to get too caught up in growth rates because they can get a bit wonky, but really focused on the momentum of the business going forward and because 80% of our business is consumables that book and ship in the same day. It really is all about the momentum. And we’re encouraged that the momentum overall, even within biopharma has at least stabilized. So I think we’ve been saying this, there was no change in our message from the past two quarters where we felt like the December quarter was a bit of a bottom, and that we’re kind of in this bottoming process until the markets start to fully recover. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, there’s reasons to believe from a macro perspective that it will recover sooner than later, but it will probably be a gradual process going forward.
Jim Hippel: Yes. I would just say from an academic perspective, it’s even throughout the pandemic, both during the pandemic and post-pandemic. I think as we track our peer’s performance, we’re not that different in that. It has been an overly dynamic environment for academic. It’s been pretty much a low single-digit to mid-single-digit kind of growth in our space. And there’s – we had some lumpiness in our comps this quarter. But that’s kind of what we’re predicting going forward, call it, low single-digit market growth in academia. And that’s what – that’s basically what we’ve experienced for the past several years, and we see that kind of – that not changing much going forward. And I’m sure you follow as much as I do. There’s different bills in Congress right now that would suggest that it will reconcile somewhere in that range and the way going forward from an NIH perspective.
