Jim Hippel: [Technical Difficulty] -- as well as meeting with customers. Also on the call with me is Frank Mortari, Vice President, Corporate Development. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the remarks made during this conference call should be considered forward-looking statements. The Company's 10-K for fiscal year 2013 and 10-Q filed for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2014, identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements during this call. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K and 10-Q as well as the Company's other SEC filings are available on the Company’s Web site within its Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the Company's press release issued earlier this morning or on the Techne Corporation Web site at www.techne-corp.com. So with that, I’ll turn the call over to Chuck.
Jim Hippel: Yes, I will just add. Just a three times leverage is still our comfort range in general we do have a lot to digest right now with the recent acquisitions we did, but the good news there is that we’ve also inherited some strong management teams with those acquisitions which I think will make the simulation so to speak in the Bio-Techne go that much smoother and quicker. And so if and when the right opportunity comes, if it’s a large one I think we will be ready.
Jim Hippel: Yes, I would say for our core business and we’re still in a at least a two-year build in terms of investment and basic infrastructure and sales, commercial reach et cetera that Chuck kicked off last year and so we’re in fiscal 15 we’re kind of year two with that, it will be somewhat lesser rate, but I feel there will still be investment. I would say overall when you look at core business as well as ProteinSimple, we’re going to reinvest in par with our revenue growth rate that’s the way I think about it particularly in ProteinSimple where they’re still very much in a ramp mode.
Chuck Kummeth: We don’t run on the schedule for acquisition. You run a process, and you run an offer, and you work it they kind of pick on your timing, we were unfortunate to succeed in a pretty high percentage of trial this year. And there will be more I am sure in the future. We are following our strategic plan pretty carefully and we’ve talked as far back as about a year ago now with our initial come out, our strategic plan. And in broadening our portfolio antibodies is one of the key things we want to do which we have done with Novus. There are certainly other categories of antibodies that are in more narrow product platform ranges like antibodies around flow or around IHC, they could be significant and could be more than useful specially antibodies they could work within our systems, our new platform that we acquired, and going after new territories like China for IBD and other areas like that and et cetera. We are also always on the hunt for new CyVek-like and ProteinSimple-like platform. We have mentioned many times that we’re not going to in instrument business to be instrument business. We like content and we want to drive that content and value our content and full solutions for our customers. And if this can be done with a novel new instrument that leverages our content in a way never done before like CyVek and ProteinSimple do then we’re interested. And there are other areas or categories that there were we’re looking and you're probably as well familiar with them as we are and this is a biotech industry and there is a new way to do all these laboratory processes all the time and anyone that comes out that have IP that look novel that look like they re-leverage and benefit from our content we’re interested, so I would say stay tuned.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, I saw the article. I think right now it’s pretty early to conjecture its merit or how long it will take. Obviously if you go through and thee is funding level getting back to upper single digits to 10% we’re going to benefit for sure being with the leader in proteins in world, so for sure that will happen. And so if it does because as we broaden our portfolio and expand another offerings and hope to become one of the largest provider of antibodies as well in the world, we should do well with this, so I wish good luck.
Chuck Kummeth: I would say right now on their core organic growth, you could continue to count on estimates 25% range and like we stated. Everything above that which the number that kind we kind of showed I guess would on top within organic of course. And as ProteinSimple and Novus and PrimeGene grow in China, which will also growth at great numbers, great growth rates, it will hopefully at least keep pace with our core organic growth. I would long term if we could say pace organically remember here from now these deals will become organic, if we could stay that 25% rate or better that will fantastic goal for us. And that is close we think we can be.
Chuck Kummeth: Nothing more than what we have seen. The likes of Pepper Techs and Abcams and then a lot of smaller players are getting bigger and stronger. The door was opened to all of the funding cuts here in last two to three years with above this being tight and customer is taking chances on lower quality products and in some instances getting their work done acceptably, at least initial research done that way. As you know from our growth margin, this is a profitable business and this is going attack attention. I don’t see that going away. And in China it’s only going, if there are great opportunities in China, the growth rates are wonderful but with all that growth and all these opportunities in embryonic nature the biotechnology industry in China, I think you’re going to see more and more players as well. This is why we have such a strong strategic initiative in China to remain a leader and even accelerate that leadership position. And having PrimeGene, it’s going to allow us kind of double-decker kind of approach here.
Chuck Kummeth: Actually, it’s kind of weird because as you know most companies expand in China and we’ve all done in few times in different industries and Chinese, they are very price conscious and you usually have lower margin in China and I would say overall and we’ve stayed overall, we’ll see lower margins in China, PrimeGene is very similar to our business right now but it’s also very, very small. So with that kind of basis it’s really not something that glean a lot of input out of but all they run a good business and the margins are very strong and probably much better than typical for what the Chinese competitor.
Chuck Kummeth: We don’t provide we’ve given you kind of over long-term sinking is. Our goal is to get to the mid-single digit. We had a good move in that direction from negative last year. I’d like to tell you Amanda that we’re going to hit 5% in organic growth this year. I mean it’s good with we’ll see what happens if we truly have funding issues behind it’s a closest competition, we’ve a better chance I think, it will rely on how well we do with the Fisher type relationship how we manage our channels and how we leverage possible synergies with some acquisition with our core organic products right now. And all that comes together well all-in-all I think north of 3% is more than just possible should be doable. Getting above 5% though would be very difficult at this point given that we still see as headwinds in Europe is still kind of a difficult question. So…
Chuck Kummeth: It is going very well. The work together on the two companies with the systems we call the punch out systems especially in areas with Luminex kits and other concept that they were very eager to get their hands on and move for us, it’s going very well. I mean the growth rates are amazing it’s just too small. They are getting trend in they are getting more comfortable, the numbers are roughly double levels that they were a quarter ago. It is only a partial quarter, so it’s moving the right direction for sure. And as you know Amanda, we know we have to also deal with potential swap or the real number there is certainly some swap in that too. We certainly have some institutions that are saying well now let’s make things simple and everything to Fisher and buy so much other stuff from Fisher. So we had some sales from direct before so some of that’s working through as well, we’re creating all the right dashboards and working together to find out what’s what, they are extremely focused on incremental growth, they are paid that way as you know, that’s the incentives are. So areas like where they are going into Canada, very, very heavily are some strong areas we are looking at with them and overall I am very encouraged that it’s looking very good.  If you look at what we would call the U.S. retail segment in the academic sector, as we mentioned we are the nine from either this quarter we’ve been double digit down every quarter before this. I think some of that is coming from channel, coming from health of Fisher it was definitely taking up the ball in our academic retail space.  
Chuck Kummeth: Our plan with ProteinSimple is to leverage their plan with the content we create. Since this has to have antibodies and proteins that really work within the customer's hands, we provide a lot of different contents in order to customer they want for full solution. So that’s the magic. It’s going to take probably year to make all that happen, but it’s a rocket life it’s [indiscernible]. To be honest, my big issue is to make sure all the stay away. This thing is doing great and it’s growing in year, we’re going to leverage a lot of our resources in Europe operationally. They're very small in China but exploding we’re going to leverage that heavily, so I would say tactically optionally it would help a lot of on the science synergy front long-term point where the investment maybe you’re talking are going to be coming over next as we integrate and as we worked together and where is the appropriate integration, why shouldn’t we work on together, okay, we didn’t put anything in the S1 or anything else there their West type form is way ahead of expectations, what really excited us is the fact that academia is eating it up. They love it. We also thought that might hard pill to swallow with their funding concerns, but it appears not.
Chuck Kummeth: We're not going to disclose anything yet, but we expect this question, so with two divisions so far and not going into this instrument we’re going to have to an instrument division probably instrumentation segment to layout for you. You’re going to get lots of data but it’s too early right now but we’re going -- it’s next quarter we’re probably going to see I think a lot entries are coming in.
Chuck Kummeth: That’s great question. Clearly when I arrived we talked a lot about branding and improving the customer experience with a much better Web site and we’ve kicked off a lot of that work and we’re going to be launching our first phase of that this next quarter for Bio-Techne. Now here we think this acquisition and guess what they’ve got their own initiative, their own Web site and all the tests to be kind of integrated and melded, right. And you’ve seen this moving forward. We love both because they’ve got a lot of great additional platform. They have some internal platforms to make running 225,000 SKU business very efficient. We are very impressed. We would like leverage that across our company. It will take us a year to probably do that. We do see it very possible. We are definitely going to merge the Web site now you’re not going to get the PrimeGene product via an R&D system branded part on the Web site. Think it is a tree coming down from biotechne.com and you will either go one direction or the other and you’re going to be looking at branded quality things under R&D systems or you may be looking at fighter brand if you’re academia and some areas maybe in Novus maybe PrimeGene. But we’re going to be very distinct and very careful how we do that and how we integrate. So on a way they can operate as they punch out for now and will be integrating them together for typical SEO type of initiatives over the coming year. Your question whether it will take two years or not, I am not sure that ever done but I think it will take us a full year to try and get something really out there and working cohesively together as a Bio-Techne type of umbrella system and it’s going to take two years and there will be other initiative as well, that’s all in first half and we believe it’s imperative because just part right the long-term going forward.
Chuck Kummeth: I’m trying to hear you. This question is breaking up. The line is getting goofy on me here. Would you may repeating it.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, I think you have to back up a little. What’s driving thing is the need for activity right? ELISA is a great tool, it’s been around for the five years uses a lot reagents we like it we believe it, but it’s not that efficient and we look at -- kind of next generation ELISA, it is micro-fluidic. There are lot of different tool platforms coming out that are getting in the micro-fluidic and they’re doing it not to lesser agent they’re doing it because of lesser agent react -- big component activity. Now we don’t equate the moderation with the value at all. And in fact we’re well known for our -- our bioactivity in lot cases you can get lot more action out of lot less than our reagent  So you may pay a lot less money for a same amount of material from them versus us, but you’ll get a lot more work done with us, because we just have work more bioactivity. So you have to be careful when you dive into this, because your question really I think is more around productivity what’s going to help drive productivity and I think speed and accuracy are going to do that and I think solutions that use small amounts of reagents help drive that speed component I think so and that’s where the design systems micro-fluidics happens to be that route. We are very instant in that and we should be being a very nice reagent selling. That set up is that why we’re getting instrumentation again no, we’re getting instrumentation because it’s part of the solution we were trying to sell work with research system to give their help their needs for their experiments and help drive science all the way that’s why we’re working with more KOLs now. That’s why we have a big name CTO that’s why we have science advisory board now helping drive our directions and we’re prioritizing which we go how deep in the stent cell, why and where are we going with it and then if we’re going work with. And through all these collaborations if we come across new tools that change the game and factor not affect the user agents we’re interested. Again we understand this process again as an example if you want to look at our big Western Blot shop, some see us we’ll show you a lot of Western Blot. So ProteinSimple makes really nice sense for us and I can tell you our labs are screaming for tools themselves. So that’s an indication we’re really bullish on we’re talking examples value to the industry.  So I hope that answers kind of.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, okay. Well, I want to thank you all for getting on this call and we intend to continue doing earnings call I know you appreciate for that and we’re kind of doing what we said we do and come back to our come out strategy meeting last call. The team has done I think wonderful thing this year. We’ve changed a lot things and we’re really focused on changing management and our talent management and helping employees deal with all this and integrating the fine new teams that we have acquired and that’s also going very well. So I’d say stay tuned. We’ll following our plan, we don’t think what you down that all and we’re glad you’re with us. So thanks again and one last time I thank all our employees for a great year and we hope that the coming fiscal year 2015 will be as good or better. Thank you.
