Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: I think it's a combination of two things. One is, we definitely have some timing issues on some projects, some bigger things, affecting our numbers as we thought.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: The second thing is, we talked about our lower order sizes. Usually, we don't see them go down. In fact we usually see (19:01), call it, the usually end-of-year budget flush or whatever. But we didn't see that end-of-year budget spending that we usually see, and orders going down is something very atypical. And it was broad-based, so it's definitely something kind of marketing in the market more or less, so. We've done a very detailed thorough analysis of all our key accounts and bio (19:22) in particular, and we can definitely point to a lot of project timing, so knock on wood.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: No. I think it'll happen when it happens. We talked about the same thing a couple of years ago with Germany, if you remember, and we had a similar kind of situation and it bounced back very strong. It's been strong ever since. I will point out too, you'll notice our numbers were a good solid mid-single-digit growth in our antibodies and decent numbers in our proteins, a little bit lower due to things we just talked about. But a lot of projects are worked around our ELISA kits. Our ELISA kits are a little bit off and that's one of the bigger reasons where you can speak of project timing.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: So they're a little more lumpier than the run rate buying of antibodies and proteins, so it's more evident.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. In terms of companies like us in China, we're pretty narrow compared to most, right? We don't have much in the instrument business growing there. It's very small. We're just getting off the ground there with all that, getting off the ground with ACD. So we're left to our reagents, our core business, which is seeing a 20-plus percent growth going on for a year or two years now. PrimeGene, as you know, we bought as an asset with our China-for-China strategy with a brand outside of R&D Systems. We do sell R&D Systems brand into this segment as well, but to the large degree mostly it's hospitals, it's clinical setting in China, which do a lot of their own research and sell a lot of their own therapies, okay, buy from PrimeGene, they buy locally. And there are other local competitors other than us that also would be seeing this (21:55) but there's nothing public, nothing you would really see. So, that's kind of gist of it. We're probably two quarters in with two quarters to go. It's definitely material to PrimeGene and it's big enough where it affects our numbers overall for China. We still had growth, but without that if you go back and normalize what we are doing with PrimeGene, in some cases a couple of years ago growing as much as 50% in growth. You'll see a much different situation at this point right now for our overall numbers. So it will come back. We'll wait and watch and we'll see where we're at and we'll see checking in hospital-by-hospital, which are lots of and which we're doing. And some of them are getting their certification. Clearly, people are looking for and there's demand for these solutions, and so there's pressure I think to get things done. It won't be like the other crackdowns they've done that are a little longer-term in China. So we're expecting another two quarters or so in which we hope you'll see kind of back to normal. And we're expecting a 20%-plus growth again with PrimeGene and, obviously, a year from now a couple of easy comps.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, the strategy is simple dealing with the risk, we're not doing it, they are, so. They're our strategic partner and they've done it before. This is the team that was the core of Biosite (23:39) years ago. So they've done this before. They've created the hockey-stick growth that we're predicting with this company. They have screened hundreds of our reagents. They've worked with us for actually a long time. They've been a really good customer for a few years now. And so we just got very close, and given what we want to do with immunotherapeutics and with our reagents and our global strategy, it just made sense to get closer. They found success. They are buying multiple reagents from us that have turned into biomarkers, but there's IP around and it's a big issue. I mean, acute kidney injury is a massive problem for cost in the U.S. and we haven't looked outside yet. And it's already approved. And so it's selling and ramping quickly. And then we're not talking yet about what's left in the pipeline. They're busy already on new things that they've found in our freezers and we have other indications coming out over the coming years. So we hope this is a great foray for us to get in a profitable area of diagnostics, not the low-end side of things, where there are good reimbursements well-covered under the DRG and we expect the new things that we do will be out as well. And then we'll hopefully go outside the U.S. at some point as well. But it's actually very good. And again, we're really leaning on their regulatory experience, their clinical and their overall cash position to drive this, which we think is very strong, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, it's certainly a little more disappointing than we'd like. That's why you see us making all the comments. Well, if we normalize Diagnostics that's forever lumpy and 20% quarter last quarter which put us over 10% organic growth, well, it's 5% to 6% grower. So, if we put that in and say it was a level run rate business, which is not, where it would be at? It'd only be a mid-single-digit growth as a company, kind of where we need to be as a minimum. I think some of the softness in biopharma due to the timing and mainly due to projects around ELISA kits in particular, it was unfortunate. It will bounce back. I think we're okay there. Antibodies, I mean, I'd be more worried if we saw antibodies crumbling or something. But antibodies are strong, stronger than ever. We're doing great. So the website is working. We're growing in every region. And then also Europe, Europe is just kind of steady as she go. It's been as good as last quarter and we see better looking forward and with an acceleration in our instrument businesses, which are getting bigger and bigger and getting more critical mass over in these areas where we've staffed up a little bit, we have some great leadership now in Europe around Protein Platforms division and doing the same now in Asia. And then lastly, Japan, I mean, it's been over two years since I can tell you we were at a flat in Japan. We've been negative and strong negatives. So we're hoping that's coming back strong. So, overall, a kind of a mix bag. Would have likely seen a 4%, 5% overall net, but we didn't get that. But I think, as Jim commented on earlier, year-to-date we're right where we said we'd be, as we were so strong last quarter and maybe that's still a little bit in this quarter, we had some of that. But we probably said that this year we hope to end somewhat a little bit better than last year and that we're on our thesis, so. So, again, lastly I'll say is we're not in a quarter-to-quarter gain here. We've made massive changes in this company. We have more than doubled in head count. We have almost doubled in size. We're quadrupled in sites globally. That's a lot of change. And it's change you're not going to see in any one or two year, we're investing for the long-term. And if you're in this for a five-year ride with us or so, you're going to see the results coming and coming and coming. And then don't forget, it's just August. It's just five, six months away. We had a 50% grower and which would add 2 full points of organic growth. ACD is doing absolutely fantastic for us. And hopefully, a year after or two years after that, we'll see Astute coming online. If things keep going the way they do with the contracts we have in place, we'll be able to capitalize on that arrangement. So, any way, it's not a one quarter gain and we're okay.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: It's kind of business as usual. I would say there's a little bit of a softness (28:35) on biopharma for the end of the year. We'll call it Trump policy, I guess, whatever. But for the most part, I mean, we expected maybe a little worse there. It's kind of steady as she goes. I attribute that to really our strong teams. We've got a great commercial engine going out. The website is really good. Fisher had a better quarter than the previous one. So those all play to, I think, a better ending on the academic side.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, I think we have an earn-out with them and it goes this calendar year. And at over 50% growth, our strategy in the short term is to stay out of their way. They're doing fantastic. We are working on commercially working together both in Asia as well as Europe. The teams are getting closer to starting a cross-sell, starting to do things that are really a no risk to the earn-out potential fee. But for the most part, they're doing great. They actually were ahead of plan on top and bottom line this quarter. And we're involved, obviously, since we bought them. But we're commercially trying to stay out of their way more or less in terms of how they want to run their business for the next project (30:29) while they're working on their earn-out. On the dilution now, I'll pass it off to Jim here.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: And remember, those solutions that are already approved and right done (31:14), they're moving forward and selling. It's going very, very well, so. I also mentioned the publication count for ACD technology, this RNA in-situ hybridization, is now well over 600. It's screening. So the adoption pickup, which is something you want to watch, and this is so far looking very, very favorable. So the open question is, how long can they last at 50% growth and we're thinking for many, many quarters yet. So, that's the goal.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, we're pretty far down the food chain in terms of pricing on drugs. I guess, overall, I'm pretty hopeful. I think this administration I think is going to be the right thing hopefully. And I think corporate tax rates and tax holidays and things that are going to help overall, investment and spending I think, all of the things that everyone else kind of believes I think in our industry. So I don't foresee any real reaction or issue with us in terms of drug pricing. We're very much still heavily on the research side as a company.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. I think it's still going to be lopsided more towards instruments and a little towards consumables. It just so happens that you have highly trained professionals selling assays, consumables, so that maybe Masters or Ph.D. people, they know a lot how the solutions work, how to use the instruments, so they really can hand-off leads that will actually work. It isn't quite the same in this side when you've got FAS as your instrument experts that I think it's in the field (33:20) understanding a lot about assays and the reagents. So it's a little bit lopsided. That's why you really focus on this. I think it's still early. But we're seeing really good benefits, especially in Europe. I think some of the strong results in Europe is coming from just exactly that. The teams are smaller and more closer together, in some cases sharing in leadership. And it's working quite well. So we're not, like, trying to merge divisions like within like a Danaher or (33:44) company. This is still a pretty little company. We're not talking large teams. We have probably 150 or so people globally commercially now, about 50 or so in Europe, less than that in U.S. because of the Fisher situation. And it's not hard to get them working together and playing together. So I'm very bullish on it actually. I think we have yet to see big benefits in Asia. I think that's still coming. And as we build out teams in more and more cities in China, we build out the assets there, it's going to be really good. And I wouldn't even count ACD out of that. There's going to be a lot of ACD to come too in the coming years, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Okay. As I mentioned earlier, 600 publications is an awful lot for a young technology company. It's really growing. It's virtually a little bit everywhere. It's in a lot of clinical settings as well. There is a research side as well as a diagnostics side, right? And so with like all signed up and selling solutions, that leverages their large sales force. This group also has a fairly decent size sales force, 20 reps, 30 reps, in that range, and we're just starting to build it out in Europe, as I mentioned. So there is a commercial model to this where, even though it's a reagent type of solution, it won't get to the 50-plus-percent op margins we see with our protein business because there is commercial sales that are needed. You need to sell the solutions. It is all about the take-up of pathologists moving from an IHC solution to just more of a genomic version, okay? And it's going really well. So we test it. We talk about it. We're measuring. And what is that to addressable market? We think it's a $1 billion-plus. There is a lot of pathology out there. The take-up is pretty fast and the results are outstanding. Another thing I'll let you know is there's a lot of smaller labs, a lot of places doing IHC, and doctors and pathologists, and they're adding a leverage and outsource a lot of the current research or the experiments or the tests that they want done. They may, in many cases, be waiting a week or two weeks for results. That's without automation. With automation, it could be even worse. This is a solution that works on current automation. You get the results very quickly. You as a pathologist can even work on a scope, on a slide in your office, and get results. It works that well. So, that is also helping pick things real quickly. There's a lot of adoption because it's just based after solutions that are very accurate. And there is roughly 30% of all I would say IHC solutions are missing the antibodies they need to be fully specific. So you don't know for sure what you're finding, what you're looking for.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: So there's just this gap in the antibody portfolio that fills in, at least we're starting, right, a good 30% of gas still is (37:22) part of the market.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: There's a second solution that's very closely tied to the NephroCheck, it's called Nephroclear which is in clinical right now. But it's working. We're looking at different solutions for different, I guess, reagents we have. We have a pipeline we can't talk about.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: And I should point out too that it took – it was 150-plus different reagent screenings that this team, which is really good at this stuff and done it before, that they found what they are looking for with really good specificity.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: All right. Well, thanks everyone for attending. And definitely we're on our path this year, and we look forward to next quarter and with even hopefully terrific results. So, talk to you then. Thank you.
