Chuck Kummeth: I think, man, they keep doing what we're doing, so we had a hell of a year 17% growth, we'll be giving our usual, mild range guidance here for the coming year. And it's start with the double-digit for sure. As you know, by the end of our cycle 2026, we're going to be at a 17% for sure, right, we need to be there to hit the 2 billion and we're more confident of ever doing that. The team is, over the last almost 10 years I've been here, we've been building it. And with the retirement of [indiscernible], last year, we picked up guys who has extremely strong domain knowledge in all the hot areas that we're getting into cell and gene therapy in particular. So the bench is set. Of course, Jim is here, Jim's 10 years younger than me. So, got a long runway to go here with some solid candidates internally, as well as the board will do their fiduciary duty, and they'll look externally as well. They've already talked about that. And we're doing a two-year glide path here. So there's nothing overnight till by the time, I'm out of here. And I intend to be on the Board and going forward from then we'll be close to our 2 billion hopefully anyway. So I'm more worried about and thinking about that the person replacing me, when I'm doing my tenure, it'll be a 500% growth 5x from when I started then person replacing me has to have that kind of runway so we can take it from one half billion or more to between 7.5 billion and 10 billion and the pawns we're in as, we're low in share in all the markets we serve, we see no problem making this a fantastic company going forward and an even stronger leader in the life science tools and diagnostic market so.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we've never been in a stronger position for cash and for our debt level. So we're definitely hunting. But we fully expect to consummate the first tranche of our deal before end of the calendar year here, that takes the 20%. So for $250 million, less the upfront option that we gave them. So they're on track, the growth is steady, 700 to 800 customers, de facto standard, nothing is impeding that. And we have also $100 million or so for Namocell as well. And Jim can talk about our leverage going forward, but we're certainly going to get a little more cash and but we're sitting in a great spot to do it. And then I've mentioned before, this is going to be an excellent year for M&A. It's already taken off pretty strong because you look at our peers across the world here.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, sure. We finished the quarter very strong and as we've mentioned, in the past, we haven't seen too much degradation in any of our markets. We finished in the U.S. biopharma around 30% growth and academia keeps trickling, north and our near high single digit growth for the quarter in the U.S. better than that, in Europe again, teens. But we are looking forward, it's kind of hard to answer because looking now from July. July is kind of soft for us anyway, as for everyone, and it kind of gets -- it's different year-on-year. I do think that this is a year where a lot of people are tired and traveling and taking off for the first time. So I think we're seeing some of that. What we'll see right now, we see strong continuing momentum in biopharma, you are specifically asking about biotech. We'll see. But I think most of the markets are still doing fine that you've seen our peers pay and make the same kinds of statements. But it's hard to really make the statement going into July and August. Anyhow some of our areas, especially like exosome, this is one there, it’s the softest time of the year for them anyway, so things like that, but we'll know more in about a month or so. And we're not too concerned yet. I mean, things are kind of like we usually see about this time of year.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. I can cover both because it's not much change from last quarter in hiring. So we're at full strength, we're literally and we're hiring more. I promised a return and we were there. There's been new leadership for going on six months, leadership is fantastic. And we're back in the teens and will drift away back to North of 20 here. It's only 10 for the year, because of the a year ago, a couple of soft quarters, which we had to make changes. And we lost a lot of people on the sales front, which we recovered from. We've done other things initiatives, like I've mentioned in the past, like giving equity to our salespeople, that's also helped a lot. This is a very technical sale. So these people we have in the field in this area are very, very strong in their domain knowledge. So it's not an overnight replacement situation. But we've been there for a quarter now at full strength and results are showing themselves. So same thing in Europe, I'd say Europe is a little behind the U.S. And there is a service component to this business too. That's a longer sales cycle. And so we're busy trying to get that back on track as well, in which we're seeing strong improvement. So our thesis is 24%, I think we are having the $2 billion model. And we think we're there. Remember, we're still on discoveries, this is translational, from discovery to translational, we've got automation coming out, like we got new products coming. And we haven't done much to crack pathology. And there's a lot of pathology in our future, this platform as well. So we stand behind our guns here saying this is a $300 million kind of business, it should be and to hit 300 million is north of 24%. So we were pretty bullish on this platform. It is the largest spatial business out there right now. It continues to be. So we understand where the target but we're addressing that and we're trying to get out there and be more be louder about the leader that we are. I don’t know if you want to add any more, Jim.
Chuck Kummeth: Coming off the COVID, the super weak quarter, we had this amazing surge is all that occurred, all that restocking and redoing experiments. And it kind of surprised everyone in the industry how fast China came back. And we had a record year and last year, we're still north of 20. For the year, we see looking forward, this is still a 25% growth engine, even though now we're north of $100 million in base. I think there'll be some stocking here. I don't think we're out of the woods here on turning it all back on. There are a lot of academic institutions that are not coming back online until after the elections in October. So there's going to be a continual lift in China. And we're very bullish, we don't see any concerns there, it's just -- was a soft quarter for us. We all knew would be. It can't be shut down for two months out of three and not have an impact. And yet, we are still near flat. The snap back is coming back pretty well. And of course, our warehouse was in Shanghai. So that affected all of China for us. And so as long as we keep our warehouse open here, I think that's good news for the rest of how we serve China for the rest of the country. So we will build our way back. Letting off the hook for another very strong plan for this coming year. And they're very bullish on it.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. This is a fantastic asset. We've been talking to this team for four years kind of a really we are waiting until they had their two laser system in the market. Now they are, it's selling like hotcakes. I mean, you can talk about growth rates, it's a three digit number, it's a really good number. They are definitely already in instrument counts that are significant. And as you know, this is a kind of a best-in-class solution for cell isolation and cell sorting, which affect a lot of markets, not just cell and gene therapy, but a lot of different applications. And it picks away at slow cytometry as well. And they have ideas in the drawing board about if it going really dead center at that market as well. So it’s a fantastic team, smart people, good IP, already off and running in China. As a matter of fact, retention is fantastic, integration is ongoing and started. And again, we've been friendlies for years. So I think we kind of came into this kind of hit the ground running in terms of integration. It's a strong application based on strong science and IP. And it just kind of fits our thesis, so it’s the investments that we pick up. And we've been excited to get this and we have been waiting, and we're thrilled to have that team on board, and you'll see this be a major platform for us in the coming years.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. So the plan this year is kind of like last year, we'll start out a little softer and very strong, just like we did. Comps, it’s still a tough comps for us in Q1, and then they get a little better for us going forward. But not that much better. This is an aggressive business, and we're a double-digit player now, we expect to continue. We as you know, Alex, we don't give real guidance, least we don't get quarterly. But we do think that our range of this coming year is something probably 11 and 12-ish percent to up to mid-teens in that range. And we'll keep you posted as we do better. But as you mentioned, with China's still being a little a little softer as we go forward to fully turns on, which is really more like Q2, and other situations out there, we'll see. But we have other things that are counteracting these possible slowing, I mean, [exo] [ph] was lighting up, you guys aren't asking about light in the exo. But it was in a tremendous quarter with 70% test growth, 40% organic growth and over 7000 tests. We are just killing it. And it's their time and it's going to be taken off. We're going to an accrual methodology pretty soon here as well, if not this coming quarter. It's time that the reconsideration is going to really allow us to double the TAM for us. We've got 75,000 tests that have occurred out there in the past that are all waiting for a reoccurrence. And so there's a lot of upside there. We just talked about spatial. Spatial is back in the in the groove. And it's already $100 million business in that range. So it's material. And as long as our core stays where it is, and proteomics is still strong, biopharma, it's 30% kind of growth rates, we see an amazing double-digit year ahead of us and we're not going to get more bullish than mid-teens at this point, but we never do.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we're getting pretty darn close to a complete closed workflow. There's not much left that we need. I would say cryopreservation will be one area. There are some more cell analysis type tools and I guess, call them like QC areas and stuff where the process that might make sense. Obviously, we need to capitalize on scale ready and with getting Wilson Wolf under the 10 tier that'll take care of our bioreactor needs, but it may not be the only one. There may be a place for bags out there and there certainly is the going upstream into the bio processing side of all this, which we really haven't done yet. But as we grow we're going to probably naturally trend that direction, starting first with our proteins and all the things we'll be doing in bulk for customers, right. And I think then the instrumentation, we're counting on the Q, out of [indiscernible] with our scale ready JV. And if that doesn't work long-term, we'll have to either acquire that or do something different. But we then obviously have to have an instrument for [indiscernible] freezes to make the system complete. And right now they've been a fantastic partner. And they're, I wouldn't say as strong as Wilson Wolf, it’s stronger than us right now in proteins. They've been out there a while, and they've got a lot of traction with that platform. And we think we're ready to explore this thing as there is a market, creates itself, which is really the limiting factor right now, as well as this market really come into being and it's coming more every year.
Chuck Kummeth: Sure. So they mentioned, roughly 150 basis points for the full year kind of declined, driven almost entirely by FX and the Namocell acquisition. And if we're going to exit the year with 100 basis points of expansion that would suggest that we're going to have worse than 150 basis points contraction in the early part of the year, it’s because the FX headwinds are more severe when you look in the first half of the year, and they are in the back half of the year, as well as, as Chuck mentioned in his opening comments, we had a very successful quarter in Q4 with regards to getting staff back up and holding on to our key people. And that will have a carryover impact, particularly in the first half of the year, where we were way behind in our investments last year. So a combination of that carryover impact of getting fully staffed, in addition to the FX will be more severe in the back half of the year. But then as our operational productivity improves throughout the year, that's where we expect to get back to expansion before we exit the year. Hopefully that helps.
Chuck Kummeth: Not quite the contrary, this is going to be a good year for shopping. We're out there hunting pretty hard. And we're in the middle of summer right now. We always are. And we'll see what happens. But over thinking two years, I mean the kind of cashflow we have I mean, our EBITDA, two years out is going to be well north of 500, probably 600-ish. And we're going to have plenty to work with, as Jim mentioned earlier, the powder is strong. So I think we're looking for bigger deals. And this may be a good year to pick up a lot of tuck-in mom and pops, that are -- we're thinking IPO and they can't now and stuff so we're looking around those angles too. But we're open to any and all ideas, I guess, anything that makes sense for shareholders and makes our company a stronger company. We're five divisions across two segments. I've always said that once we're at a $5 million kind of revenue, right? This will be a 10-division company, all synergistically connected, across these 10 divisions and in the science being all life sciences. So we see no change in our thesis and we've never been more bullish about, our capital allocation and is primarily M&A. Don't look at us as thinking about major buybacks or dividend increases. It's M&A first.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, sure. Well, it's going back six, seven years now. But we did that deal pretty quickly it was on the eve of an IPO and we snatched it. And it was a $50 million business back then not making money. And today, it's a $250 million business making over 30% margins. And it's an instrument business, it's got great IP, we have other things we can add to the platform, we think, and we have runway across all three major platforms, as we've talked about, a lot, I mean, everything from the Ella platform, which we're completing within a year of 510(k) process, the 1345, a brand new facilities, manufacturer they can more than triple the output. So that'll be a sleeper that'll be in pretty much point of care diagnostics in five years, as well as the discovery it's in now, which is crazy growth. But Western is still an amazing platform with way more ahead of it than behind it. And biologics just keep surprising us. I mean, seven quarters in a row over 30% growth. And protein purity, capsid testing, HPLC share taking this thing has got lots of runway, as well, more than we ever thought. So, I look at it and I leave in two years, or I move on to the other board positions and stuff and thinking about here, it's going to be 400-ish, kind of million dollar business unit. And there's no reason why this can't be a billion-dollar unit someday. And it'll have other instruments will add to the platform over time to I'm sure that so. If it was fun out right now, obviously, it'd be really valuable. So I think we paid 300 million for it. So it's been an amazing return, and probably the biggest chunk of our overall value creation over the last 9.5 years, I've been here, which is roughly 2 billion to -- I think today, we're in the 15 billion-ish range. We were 20. But we're all seeing a little setback there. But we're very positive, because we see as the market finally, I guess, bottoms with conviction that there is the Fed done, et cetera, et cetera, there'll be a flow to quality first, and you don't find better quality in an asset than ours.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. As you recall, we've been very, very bold in our statements about what we want to be and we don't want to be in diagnostics across the board. We don't really -- don't want to be in infectious diseases in these low-end things that hard to make money and lots of competition, no barriers to entry. But we're a company that's focused on oncology, curing cancer from a research sense, as well as neuroscience, and diagnostics that fit in those realms, because they leverage our assay expertise, 40 years’ worth of experience, that's where we want to flow. The Asuragen team, really came on and helped us immensely. This team is amazing, and they've just lit it up, there. It was the right idea to put this business unit in charge of professionals that have over a decade of experience in diagnostics. And I'm not going to say we won't pick up other assets, but if we do, they're probably going to be, closely related in an areas where there are good returns, no need for heavy difficult science, which usually means going after solid tumor or something in oncology, the difficult areas. And we'll see, there's lots of opportunity here. And we'll never say never. Right now we're kind of focused on, it's a new division with the merging of Asuragen with Exosome. And the growth has been wonderful. And it's lighting up, it's accelerating. And so we're going to ride that horse here for a while and we'll see what happens. But we're still focused on making that a major, major platform for the company. And then I've told you guys more than once you see look out five to 10 years. This is one of the few things we can say in our company, it should be a billion dollars or more. Mr. Kummeth, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Chuck Kummeth: While we're on the hour. Anyway, thanks for the questions and it was a great quarter and end to a great year, the best ever for us and we hope to give you an even better one this coming year. So talk to you soon. Thank you.
