Charles Kummeth: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter conference call. As many of my official tenure as Bio-Techne's Chief Executive Officer ended yesterday, and Kim Kelderman is now in this leadership role. He's taking over a company that is incredibly well-positioned in several of the highest growth life science and diagnostic end markets. I heard Kim to lead a diagnostic and genomic segment in 2018. In November of 2023, he was appointed Chief Operating Officer, as soon as all operational responsibilities for the company. Prior to Bio-Techne, I worked with Kim for four years at Dental Fisher Scientific. I'm excited for the future of Bio-Techne as it continues to flourish under Kim's leadership. When I joined Bio-Techne in 2013, we were a much smaller organization. With approximately $300 million in revenue at the time, the business was a leader in its legacy $3 billion, total addressable market. But growth had largely styled out at the company. This legacy business of research reagents, immune-supply, and diagnostic controls and calibrators, which we refer to as our core, accounted for almost $650 million in revenue in fiscal 2023, and grew at a 7% figure over that period. Through a combination of 19 acquisitions, prioritized organic investments, and execution from our top-notch leadership team, we leveraged these core products and capabilities and grew the business to over $1.1 billion in fiscal 2023, while expanding our cam to an estimated $27 billion. Under the Bio-Techne umbrella, we now augment this core with high-growth market-leading franchises and proteomic annulment instruments, well-engineered therapy, spatial biology, and their leprosy-gnostics. Our team of over 3,000 global employees has accomplished its magnificent growth while maintaining one of the most attractive profitability profiles in our industry. It's been a pleasure getting to know many of you on this call today and leading this talented team over the last 11 years. I have never been more confident in the long-term growth potential of this business and look forward to its continued evolution in the cam leadership. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kim.
Charles Kummeth: Thank you, Puneet. Good morning. And thanks for your kind words towards our team. A great question. I, of course, have an opinion on which of these headwinds are going to be most significant going forward. But in that area of view, we certainly have a good understanding of which ones are most significant. So I'll let Jim talk about that.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah Dan, thank you so much for your question. Our antibody business has done quite well. I think it's been running at the low single digits even in this environment. So with the Headwins in Biopharma, we certainly have to make sure that some of our sales force focuses on academic markets and make sure they close deals over there and we get better in that space. Our quality of our antibodies is world renowned and we know that we can compete even at higher prices with other antibody companies and we are really confident that we will be able to continue to do so. Of course, we have had some head-wins in addition from de-stocking where people would have fewer or less antibodies on the shelf. However, we feel confident that that symptom is now towards the end of its face so that we feel that HAT win will abate.
Charles Kummeth: Yeah, I mean, specifically, right now, our base case is that the growth rate we experience in Q3 will be similar to the growth rate we saw in Q2. So the deceleration of our growth rate that we've seen, the deceleration of our growth rate that we've seen in the past three or four quarters we think is behind us.
James Hippel: Yeah, I got Puneet. Good morning. I was the one that called that forecast, so I speak. So I need to speak to it. As we ended the last quarter, we were pretty transparent on the call that in the last couple of weeks, as we closed Q1 in the first few weeks, as we opened Q2, that we've seen a step down in deceleration in our biotech especially, but even a bit in pharma. And so the reality is, and we've talked about this in various conferences throughout, that that trend had continued. And the time of the call, a few weeks doesn't necessarily make a trend. So we took a view on our growth rates decelerating from where they were in Q1. But obviously that trend ended up being longer and deeper than we anticipated. So that's kind of how and why we ended up where we did. That being said, as we look forward, and again, more optimistic view coming out of last quarter and going into this quarter than we did prior quarter in that run rates as we talked about it stabilized in China. And we're just seeing overall stabilization in our business as we enter this quarter relative to how we entered Q2. But I will temper that a bit by saying just like last quarter, a few weeks or even a month doesn't necessarily make a trend either. But we definitely have seen a bit of a momentum shift or at least stabilization from where we are at this point going into this quarter versus last quarter.
James Hippel: Sure. Well, I would say this. I mean, I talk about that we have a sense that the deceleration is slowing and perhaps stopping. And so what I mean by that is, and I think you've heard this many of our peers already, that kind of expect our Q3 to be somewhat similar to our Q2 in terms of organic growth. Beyond that, it's difficult to call. The whole bottoming process has been difficult to call. But I pretty much agree with what's being set out there by our larger companies who have even greater overall market access that it feels like the first half of the year, '24 will be more difficult than the second half. But we'll obviously get into our planning process here in about three or four months and have more to talk about our fiscal year, '25 following that. But that's pretty much, our view is pretty much consistent with what you're hearing from our peer companies.
James Hippel: I'll start off and I like to comment perhaps, since you mentioned the evil CFO comment. I think that's partly what it was in a sense that I talked about in some prior conferences that in talking to our customers, the interest is as high, it's not highest it's ever been in our products, but getting purchases through, particularly large, any larger purchases through their internal purchasing departments or their finance departments was difficult and there was a sense of hold off until the next calendar year and calendar year budgets are set. And so we'll see if that actually materializes this quarter but there was definitely that conversation, those conversations going on with our customers. But I think, quantitatively, there's been a number of reports put out there by analysts who file very closely the biotech funding and they all basically say that biotech funding was down over 20% in the December quarter and I think down sequentially, like in the mid-teens even. So there was definitely a drop off in biotech funding and that's a decent chunk of our business. So I think that goes without saying that was a clear driver for what occurred within the quarter. 
James Hippel: Now I'll just reiterate what Kim talked about in his opening comments to reinforce that, is that our consumables on our instrument platforms were up again this quarter nearly 20% and they'd been up 20% or more every quarter for the past four quarters in this has been a declining market overall the past year. So I think that's a clear sign of how our tools provide the productivity that our customers need in an environment like this. Not to mention the potential pent-up demand for new instruments once funding becomes more prevalent.
James Hippel: I was going to say with regards to the impact to margins. So what this does is some of the actions we're taking gives us a much higher level of confidence that the margins reported this quarter will be the low point for the year and we'll progress sequentially going forward. And I know you're going to ask me how much and I think we're targeting to get back into the mid-30% range by the end of the year for Q4.
James Hippel: Yeah, what I'd say is this, Dan, is that we have a high level of confidence given our relative performance of our growth pillars even in this environment that once the market gets back to its long-term four or six, let's call it mid-single-digit growth trajectory, that we will be well into the double-digit growth once our core is back up there and then, of course, the growth pillar is on top of that. So, asking how long it takes to get there is also asking how long it takes for the market, overall market to normalize, and I don't have a crystal ball on that, but assuming it does normalize as we get into the end of calendar year '25 and, hopefully by then, then the answer would be yes.
James Hippel: I know in the past, whether it was government or whatever it may be, you guys saw some real snapbacks quarter to quarter. Last time we chatted, it sounded like that was a little less likely, maybe a little more of a stability into a gradual recovery. But maybe just talk to us about what you saw over there and again, the expectations over the next few quarters relative to some of the past cycles that we've seen. Thank you, Patrick. I'm going to hand this over to Kim. I know we feel exactly the same way about this, but he was there actually more recently than I even was. So go ahead, Kim.
James Hippel: Yeah. Well, it was down year over year. I'm not going to give specifics to how much it was down, but I think an encouraging point is that the actual number of orders, invoices, et cetera, that we sold was still at an all-time record level. So what that tells us is that the customers were being more conservative in their purchases in terms of quantities, but still very active in their research within cell and gene therapy.
James Hippel: Yeah. Hi Catherine. Thanks for the question. It's difficult to ascertain exactly small, sometimes smaller and larger biotechs, as many of these are private companies and hopefully they are, isn't always easy to determine. But I would just say, in generally speaking, the smaller the biotech, usually the more difficult the funding situation is. That being said, we haven't been at the JPMorgan conference, called another green shoot perhaps, but the level of activity that we saw around VC firms, private equity firms in general, out sniffing around for all kinds of investment opportunities, whether it was in tools or whether it was in biotech, et cetera, was some of the highest levels that I've seen in many years there. So, again, encouraging that perhaps the drought and funding has hit its low point and might come back this calendar year and that will obviously benefit our smaller biotech customers.  Yeah, I never can add to that. I think that the smaller and newer biopharmac companies obviously are in a different life cycle. So they typically still have to build out their labs and define their processes and validate the way they measure things. So that's where we see, our automation platforms, of course, being placed. And then the midsize ones are often running and they might have repositioned a number of projects to run in parallel, but certainly they typically already have our instrumentation. They're a little bit more consumable-oriented because they are pulling through these consumables. And then large pharma has gone through a phase where they repositioned the portfolios just as well. And there we see a mix, right? So there's a capacity expansion by buying more instruments and there's, of course, the pull-through and consumable. So that's how I look at the influence versus size.
James Hippel: Anything's possible, Catherine. Sure. I mean, is that within the wiggle room of possibilities? Yes, in fact, the tide is turning some momentum and China truly stabilizes. I think there's a potential for it. I'm not, I would say, I'd mute it by saying it would be flight growth probably, but I think there's a potential for it. We're seeing sequential improvement in our businesses, so that's encouraging.
James Hippel: Yeah, thank you for the question. So Wilson Wolf has tremendous progress behind them now in this last year. Overall, the year was hard because the, some of the early stage activities and clinical projects have been canceled. So overall, they're down mid-single digits, but the last quarter and last has been much, much better back in the black, and we do see a progress in the pipeline. We see that there are various clinical studies rolling into next phases, and we even see an approval upcoming where the G-REX is packed in. So overall, we believe that Wilson Wolf will be doing great again, and we know that John Wilson has invested in activities that bolster the adoption of our G-REX and the Wilson Wolf franchise. As we have a very genius deal structure around the Wilson Wolf, and at the latest, it's the end of calendar year 2027 that Wilson Wolf will be fully part of the biotech new family. I'll just add too, with regards to their financial performance, they had a tough calendar year '23 like we all have, but they actually did see significant sequential improvement in their December quarter and are expecting continued sequential improvement from there. So that's encouraging also. Given their, they have even much wider visibility into the cell and gene therapy market than we do.
Kim Kelderman: Yeah, let me add to that. You know, obviously, biopharma market has been constrained by lower funding than usual. If not mistaken, we've probably hit the lowest point since 2016. However, our portfolio is well positioned, right? So we have in the quarter the highest quality products that will produce and give you the best results. So you don't have to repeat your experiments, which of course is important in a constrained environment like this. And secondly, our implementation portfolio is to optimize efficiency. So to have fewer people in the laboratory to automate clunky processes, that will give you the efficiencies you need and the reproducibility in your results that you need. So overall, a portfolio is tailored to a constrained environment like this one and I think therefore that we will come out strong once funding normalized.
Kim Kelderman: Yeah, thanks Jacob. As I think about the constraint environment you always got to make sure that you tailor your organization to be most efficient in such environments. Not only to protect the bottom line but also to make sure that you're most efficient coming out of such constraint period. So yes, we've looked at level loading the capacity of our employees over certain businesses in certain pockets, volumes and revenues are more down in others. So we of course want to make sure that we do the right things there from a worse power point of view. And then secondly, it's a good time to look at which businesses are core and strategic to you. And in our case we found some businesses where there's either a growth profile and or a bottom line profile that doesn't fit our long-term financial strategies and expectations and or businesses that take this proportional amount of management attention and that do not have synergies with our current channels or products. So those are businesses that we will evaluate and over time we'll divest.
Kim Kelderman: Yeah, Patrick. Well, thanks for the question. What we feel is that, obviously, China is an important country to us, right? Ten percent of our revenues come from there. We have been able to outgrow most of our peers over the last half decade. But that also made it tough over the last couple of quarters where China truly came to a standstill. And we feel that the activity in China is stabilizing. We do not see a clear light at the end of the funnel. Our comparables are going to be a little bit better in the coming quarters, but not for instruments, right? So it's not that we are over that hump. We do think, though, that China is going to be a fast growing market in the future. We do expect that China will have a kind of a bias towards China for China. Therefore, we are building a local GMP facility to serve the local market. And then at the end of the day, we feel that our products with the high quality and the automation aspects will increase efficiency and will continue to find a real good spot in China. And I think that the current pull-through of our consumables shows that the instruments are getting used at a record pace at the moment. As I mentioned, we are long-term believers in China, and we believe that China will get back to normalized funding and use the funds to prioritize health care. So we are very optimistic over time. But if you ask when or what will trigger a V-shaped recovery that I won't be able to answer, we think it will be a slower recovery than usually.
Kim Kelderman: Yeah, I'll jump on this one and then can comment further. Dan, thanks for the question. We're not going to give specifics at that level of detail, but what I would say is that in general, our overall, our reagents were down year over year, even though antibodies were slightly up. And our instruments were down as well, given the capital constraints in particular from our customers. However, again, as I mentioned again, the cartridges and consumables that are used specifically on those instruments were up nearly 20%. Cell and gene therapy is a big user of our reagents and also a high concentration of our biotech customers. And so that also impacted, we think, temporarily our reagent sales within the quarter.
Kim Kelderman: Okay. Thank you. I can add some information there. I think that, as Jim mentioned, the volume of orders was higher than usual, but we did have a couple of larger orders push out. The thing that we can do as a company is make sure that we have new product introductions and the team is set to add five new GMP proteins to be released in the coming quarters so that we have a broader portfolio that serves more customers, and we'll also increase share of wallets. 
Kim Kelderman: No, I would agree. Okay, fair enough. And then obviously you referenced M&A continuing to be a high priority and looks like some deals are starting to get done.
Kim Kelderman: Yeah, thanks for the question. To quickly jump on to the Lunaphore acquisition, it's obviously, we are very, very happy with the acquisition itself. The assets, the team is amazing. Integration is going well. And of course, it will give us a fantastic position in the lucrative and fast-growing spatial biology market. As this instrument, the Comet, will give us fully automated capabilities and multi-alcoholic aspects where we can look at proteins and RNA in the same slide and then combining that with the ACD portfolio and our antibodies here in our systems. It's an unbelievable value proposition. We would love to do more of those. So we are always on the lookout. We have interest in looking at filling out our sub-engine therapy portfolios. We would like, if there's opportunities, to strengthen our core. We've talked about the four growth verticals and if we can bolt something on to make those even stronger and get our positions more differentiated, that'd be fantastic. And any opportunity that pulls through our core reagents is really on our list. And as we always maintain the long list, but we will be disciplined in picking opportunities that would meet or exceed our financial expectations over time, which is basically contributing to the financial expectations that we've all set to by technique overall. And whether this would be a small or large or public or private company, we really don't select between that. We are open to any target that fits the mold that I just described.
Kim Kelderman: Yeah, thank you, and thanks everyone for joining the call. Of course, one last time, thank you Chuck for your leadership over the last decade plus. As you can hear, I'm excited about the long-term position and our prospects as a company. We have a great strategy in place. I'm also very proud of the biotech need team for executing so well in this constrained environment. And I'm absolutely looking forward to navigating these constraints and I'm looking forward to speaking again at our next earnings release.
