James T. Hippel: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Also on the call this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the remarks made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements. The company's 10-K for fiscal year 2014 identifies certain factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected any forward-looking statements made during this call. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the company's other SEC filings are available on the company's website within its Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the company's press release issued early this morning or on the Bio-Techne Corporation website, at www.biotechne.com. One other item before we get started and as I mentioned in previous quarter calls, please note that the commentary today regarding the total company's Q4 organic growth by end market and geography does not include the performance of our Protein Platforms division. With that, I will turn the call over to Chuck.
James T. Hippel: Yeah, Dan, nothing I'd call out specifically. There may be a day here or there quarter-to-quarter, but nothing that we haven't seen in our pacing from last year.
James T. Hippel: Yeah, I would just add it's too early to claim victory in terms of taking share from anywhere. What we've seen from reported results from other companies in our space, biopharma and academic has performed fairly well this quarter as well. So I think we're definitely keeping up with the market, but I think it's too early to say we're at the point of taking share.
James T. Hippel: I'd add a modeling aspect of it is, two things just to make sure and also being mindful of; one is of course the FX impact and making sure we're taking in account the bottom line impact is a very, very high dropthrough for us on that FX impact. And that's going to definitely be with us at least for the first six months of fiscal year 2016. And where rates go from there, we'll see. But that's one item. The other item I'd mentioned is the fact that we had one month in fiscal year 2015 that we did not own ProteinSimple. And in that one month, given how that instruments business works, it's very, very light on revenue, but still has the cost burden of its SG&A and R&D run rate. And so that one month worth of cost was not in our fiscal year 2015 numbers, but will be in our fiscal year 2016. And the same goes for CyVek, where we purchased CyVek outright in November of fiscal year 2015. So there's a good four months of their SG&A, R&D costs in our first four month run rate that's not in fiscal year 2015 that will be 2016. I just would ask you to be mindful of those two items.
James T. Hippel: Hi, Paul. This is Jim. Just to clarify in case you're looking at this from a modeling perspective for China. A very good guess by Chuck on the $35 million. I actually have the exact numbers here in front of me. What we call our China region finished the year around $33 million. But that also includes that Taiwan and Hong Kong and it also includes products that are made in China that ultimately get exported out of China from PrimeGene. So from a modeling perspective, if you're thinking about Mainland China where the high organic growth is coming from, it's probably more in the mid to high $20 million.
James T. Hippel: All right. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining in. The number of people listening in here is increasing every quarter. We're happy to see that and see the interest and the following. We're excited and happy about our quarter and we hope to keep delivering for you. And we'll see you again next quarter. Thank you.
Charles R. Kummeth: There's a strong new product funnel. In fact ProteinSimple's organization has three different product lines, Simple Western, Biologics and some other analytics that go along with the imaging stuff. Biologics was the biggest issue for this bump in the road this quarter. Actually on a Simple Wes platform, we had a record quarter for installations, it was a record number. So the pipeline is strong. They've got deep programs in all the areas, including Biologics. So more products coming and announcements soon to be had.
Charles R. Kummeth: Well, it's a combination of things. I mean, one is we've talked about announcing a new website. We've had strong traction with that. We've had a pretty good lift with our academia by the market this quarter. And the Fisher numbers were the strongest we've ever had as well. Biotech pharma was also kind of on par where it's been, right at around 10%, around there, which is also very good. All things considered, that's what's been adding up to the (19:39) growth in the Biotech side, a record for us while I've been here anyway, probably been many years.
Charles R. Kummeth: I think the thing to point out is we were much stronger than we have been in the past in antibodies. So that's our biggest, deepest, our broader investment area for the company. I mean, we're on the fence with Proteins, and that's going fine. It's about antibodies and we've make some pretty good strides there.
Charles R. Kummeth: Well, in terms of capital, we were kind of consistent with the capital the way we've been in the past and for operations. On the M&A side, we did officially one deal we bought in last, (20:42) most of these we did the first month into the fiscal year this last year. And we're on the way to integrating most of them. Novus is completely integrated at this plant. Looking forward, we've never worked any less hard than we are now. We're trying, like everyone does. We've got a strong funnel 60-some-plus targets that we've had. (20:58) They range in size from start-up to large transformational deals. We're on the hunt all the time for things that hit our strategy, but we think strategically first. That said, especially on the front where there's auctions, it's not a great for finding great deals. It's a good time for owners thinking that they should think about selling because everybody knows the market is pretty hot. So that's helpful, but you've still got to get a good price and it's hard on both the private and public side, so we're diligent. We're working the process. We have a deep and very rigorous process, but we won't do a dumb deal, we walked away from lot in this last year because the numbers weren't good enough for us. But strategy first, numbers second. And we'll keep hunting.
Charles R. Kummeth: Yeah, we've been digging into it pretty hard, as you might imagine. We had a lot of integration typical type concerns. We had some market conditions as well. We had, as you already know and others know, we had some bumps in some running buffers from some ancillary products that go with instruments. We have those corrected this last quarter, but that probably flowed through a little bit. Everything is caught up there, the backlog is caught up As I mentioned, it was a record quarter for shipping Wes systems (22:32). Biologics is little bit lumpy. And on the Biologics side, we have some larger platforms there, hundreds of thousands of dollars. And that's where we've had some issues. I mean, you miss a couple of those and you're off a quite a bit. So could be timing in some of those orders, but they didn't hit. I think also I've got to point out the FX in Europe. This has affected us in demand and our numbers in Europe quite a bit. And we see all that returning. Things are looking much better. We did have some commercial team attrition, fully expected. We knew that a lot of that team would move on with Tim and Terry when they transitioned out of the business, and they did. I will mention we brought in an individual from my past at Thermo Fisher that ran the entire mass spec business for us, (23:21) very strong person. He's on board and like a kid in a candy shop putting in processes for the saves (23:32) this company is in right now in a growth level. It's coming together. I'm very confident that we've got things under control here. It's lumpy. And it is an instrument business, it's going to be lumpier. I think our full plan was low-double digits, because coming off the record fourth quarter last year and they sold everything they could before they sold to us, and that's natural. And so we'll see. Now, if we have another quarter or two of flat going forward, then things are going to change. But we don't have any hair on fire alarms here yet. So it's kind of I think just the usual. And things are looking pretty good there this quarter and I think it's just a natural transition with this type of business model we think.
Charles R. Kummeth: Yeah, we think you guys are closer on the revenue side and still some work to do I think on the bottom line with our investments in SG&A. So I think you're close or catching up. It looks good, we'll give the feedback we can. We still are not giving guidance. We put out our notes for the future and our goals. I will say that we've been very public with everybody about, as we annualize these deals and looking forward, we should be in 8% to 12% kind of growth range going forward. And it could vary a lot depending on the lumpiness of our instrument platform, but that should be kind of the range. Saying whether we can continue in the 7% range, we're not saying that in our organic core. We've said victory for us is mid-single digits and that's what we're sticking with right now. If we do better in antibodies, if we start taking more share, things could be better. It's just like Jim said, it's not time to claim any victory lap yet, that's for sure. But we are really happy with the quarter. It's obviously a lot better than last quarter. For the year we're right on track with where we told everybody we'd be at and at mid-single digit level in our core. And so we're excited, we're happy. We don't have really any homework to do in the core side, everything is looking good. Even as of last we talked about the assays and ELISA being kind of a drag, this year, they've done a lot better. I think a lot of it's market as well. Everybody is looking pretty good this quarter. So, again, no victory lap. We're just happy to be in upper end of path.
Charles R. Kummeth: It's been even mix. So one of the major factors of us even making the acquisition, if you might recall, with ProteinSimple was that the desktop platform, the Wes, would find a significant following with academia because we were concerned academia wouldn't make the switch, and they did. Half their sales have been roughly with academia and I do believe that is continuing about the same trend.
Charles R. Kummeth: We were pretty bullish all last year, even when others were flat to low-single digits, we still on strong double-digit growth. And we're largely a run rate business there. And not having instruments ship, (28:51) that's probably part of it. But we're still very much in an expansion mode. And while we're near 100 people, we're still in the front end of our opportunities in China. So as we open and grow in Beijing and other cities, I think we're going to find more growth as these institutions keep driving for healthcare. I think the audit activities are probably progressing and travelling from this space to the next space they want to look at in terms of markets. And I think we're moving through that. I think the next riff of course is their market in general, with everything crashing over there and the government stepping in. I think there's a lot of unknowns for all of us if any of that's going to trickle down into the way purchasing happens within these programs they're funding. Right now we believe and we hear that all funding in these areas is still there, still strong, as it was through the audit (29:43) operations this year, it's just people waiting for the process from the government how to actually spend the money. They're putting in place templates and processes actually how to account for their funding, which they didn't have a lot of controls before. So, now they do. So, I think if all those controls get put in place, we'll probably see maybe hope for some of that pent-up funding we could see come forward. For us to say we're going to do better than 25% growth, probably not. We're going to stick with we hope to be in that range for the foreseeable future, which we think is pretty darned good growth rate. We're just really ecstatic that we had a quarter at 35%. And I could just tell you that the team is really a great team, really jazzed. We had zero attrition in over a year in our China team. I mean, kind of unheard of. So that's how happy they are. We're getting them a new site again. They've outgrown the other one. They were only in it for like two years. We're merging that team with the ProteinSimple team, which is also growing and building over there. So we have a full-fledged company there with demo capabilities and everything else. So that's all coming in the coming year. So they're happy, they're excited, they're young. But it's a nascent market and industry, as we all know. And we're trying to ride that wave as best we can.
Charles R. Kummeth: I think all-in this year we're in the $35 million-ish range, with ProteinSimple and everything in. We're mid to high $20 million in the core reagent side of the business.
Charles R. Kummeth: I think it's just, as I said, it was a bit of perfect storm. We had a plan in the low-double digit growth because it was a 48% growth comp from last year. We had a backlog issue to clear out from the quarter before on some of the, it's called running buffers, they're reagents that work with the system. That's all been corrected. Remember, that whole company, whole business moved to a new building in the past year. And there were a lot of new building start-up issues which were all – we're through all that. The FX piece is a strong component. When you're in the instrument business, these are big ticket items. There's a lot of currency issues in Europe around that, so that was a hit for the quarter. That, too, has come around. And we have had some commercial turnover. Terry had the commercial of the company before moving on six months to nine months ago. We've had to transition through that. We've gone with an incumbent, actually the person that trained in Terry years ago as Head of Commercial for the company now. She has 20-some years experience. She's wonderful we think and knows all the people. And we're filling in around that. And then on the other operations side, with one of my people from my past at Thermo Fisher, in operations I think we're on track. For us, always was, always probably will be and was the plan going forward, our deepest concern was the R&D team. The development team, with this young company with this strong pipeline of technology and new products and that we preserve that and we preserve all of that. We've had zero attrition there on the R&D front, with Bob Gavin the head of that and running that business for us as the SVP of the division. And that's all gone very well. He's been in the role here for nine months or so. Very pleased with that. So it's just a lot of little things. Going forward, we do still think this is a 20% kind of grower. I do believe that it is probably more feet in the street is probably important. I think regionally for sure we've got some coverage issues to deal with. It is a very, very exciting platform, as I mentioned. With all these issues, we had a record quarter in our Simple Western in our Wes platform. So we're shipping a lot of systems now in the quarter and it's starting to scale. So the rest of the pipeline, it needs to get out. It's the bigger platforms we need to do a little better on and I think it's coming. So we'll watch it this quarter and have more input I guess.
Charles R. Kummeth: It was certainly a problem. It's less a problem this quarter. Is it over? Is Europe ever over? We're comfortable saying that we think we've seen the coming back of lot of projects with our Biotech pharma, our largest customer base in the German region. So I can say right now on that, we like what we see. The numbers are improving. It was still a low-negative single-digit drag, but that's a lot better than double-digits like last quarter.
Charles R. Kummeth: Another quarter or two and we hope to have Germany something like last year. Remember, last year was double-digit growth and so it is a little bit cyclical there.
Charles R. Kummeth: Yeah, I think as a composite in the market is probably 5% to 6%. I think the best one, of course, are antibodies. We did all the primary research, like you guys do, it's high-single digits. And Proteins we think are 2% to 3% as a market, being the smallest market of the bunch. We've been in the mid-single digits. We definitely think we've been taking some share back the last couple years from these ankle biters that have been chasing us. Our brand new strategies I think are working. We think the website has been phenomenal. Our traffic and our orders are up 8% in only in the first month of this new website. And I think I'd tell you that the website previously was about flat the two years I've been here. So we had immediate response on the new website. And, again, that's coming off a lot of the infrastructure, the process system, tools and experience the Novus team brought with them, who already run this whole thing for us now. And it's been really wonderful, on time, on target, on budget. And I hope the growth in the traffic keeps going.
Charles R. Kummeth: I'll go in reverse. The glucose is kind of old history, it's old news. That really happened almost a full year ago and we kind of worked through it.
Charles R. Kummeth: Jim's comment was really quarter-on-quarter the same. So we're through that. It's almost a last man standing kind of strategy here. So we don't think there's a lot more downside, one of the reasons we bought the business. And for us, it's all about building out that funnel to ever-increasing content. It's a bit of a super specialized high-content packaging organization with high volume processes, so we love it for that. And the other side, antibodies, I would say no overall pricing differences there. We're still building who we are in antibodies. We're not at the same level of clout that we are in Proteins, of course. We are probably officially the largest supplier in the world right now, but that's not to say that we're maybe selling the most. We have processes and a website and everything including a wonderfully trained Fisher channel to now move things along and I think it's working. We had the best quarter so far with Fisher. They just keep getting better, so we'll keep feeding that beast and hopefully it keeps working well. They're very committed to us. They're very good with our teams. We've had absolutely no channel conflict. It's been marvelous to watch how we all work together on that. They really like having us on board as a partner and as (40:27). Content rules in this space. It helps to pull through all the other million products they do, so it's a good thing for all of us.
Charles R. Kummeth: Giving some good initial data, but it isn't material yet probably. Fisher definitely helped on the academic side in the quarter, no doubt about it.
Charles R. Kummeth: It's growing. It's still not material enough to say. Again, no victory lap here either. We are over 800 antibodies now. We're on track for over 1,000 end of the year annual here. And we like what we see. I think this is the kind of thing that takes some time. You're trying to woo academics mainly online into taking – going after your certification process. We're getting traction and it's going the right direction. I think it's the right strategy and for us it's probably all incremental growth. So that's important. Amanda, the other revenue synergy that's much harder to measure is how much of additional instruments we're selling because there's an antibody solution geared for it. And it doesn't really show up in the numbers either, so it is hard to measure. But we believe that the combined offering helps both sides of the business, no doubt.
