Chuck Kummeth: I'll take that, Puneet. So up to this point, we've been doing buybacks for stock option dilution, which is minor. And we've done 16, 17 acquisitions the last eight years, but we've never gone beyond two times leverage. We've never been able to. We've never done well in the public auctions, and we tend to do them with things more private and which tends to be more smaller. Currently, valuations still remain quite high, and they might be getting cheaper, but we'll wait a few months for settling until we even know that. But today, they're very high. So we thought that was - given the status of our stock price, we feel very undervalued. We thought it was probably appropriate our Board, especially to make that message and since we have an extra 2 or 2.5 that we never use anyway. So we've got - as Jim pointed out, we're net debt zero. It's time to act and do something here and put some leverage to work.
Chuck Kummeth: It's really important you guys understand that we're not changing our priority on our capital plan, still M& A. We - but us going to 3.5, 4 times leverage is probably not a high - not likely. So we've got room here. It's still number one though.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we think we're years ahead for starters. That entity hasn't been very up to date with their work, and they're like fourth or fifth on the list out there. So that's one issue. They don't have a lot of assets in place. Their expansion has been real slow. I mean, they've been trying to be sold for the last two years, they haven't been doing much. We have hundreds of proteins they can't even make. We think over time the drift in GMP proteins would be like - like the drift has been in RUO proteins and towards quality, lot consistency, bioactivity, et cetera. I think we'll be uniquely positioned in, say, 5, 10 years to probably have again, proteins that nobody else can even make more than likely. We're going to go well beyond the IL-10s and IL-15s, we think as this industry matures and people get smarter and use these proteins for different things. We just think that we're in the best position we have been. We've been at this for four years or five years now. And you can - I think the move on the Wilson Wolf even more than strengthens that because we'll be able to position full solutions to the industry, bioreactors that have proteins already embedded sterilely. So we're going to have novel innovative concepts to actually improve the whole cell and gene therapy workflow. And again, a new landlord for these guys, it's not going to help them. So they have no domain knowledge in the space beginning. So they all have money to help them with, but again, there are years behind us, we feel.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Thanks for the question. It's a very good one. We started early trying to expand and have the largest breadth catalog in GMP protein. We went to beyond 50. We have now since moved that back to roughly 30, 35. There just isn't a lot of demand right now. It's a very embryonic nascent industry. And you're right, there's literally a dozen that are really being made and sold, and that's about it. We have got our first three totally launched in multiple lots, a lot consistency verified and in the middle of selling them and also having them audited by customers. These are the IL-7, 10, 15, 2 is coming. We have a vent coming soon. So we're going to go after first double in the first year or two years, probably. I doubt we'll ever scale across the board to 30, 40, 50 plus for probably years to come. I doubt anyone will. It will depend on how the industry - how that workflow matures and what they're looking for, I guess. The big deal for us, of course, for everyone, is to how to make how to make these and beyond an RUO fashion, so in lots that are sizable and then lot-to-lot consistency, which is near perfect. And that's where the focus has been. That's what we're good at the RUO level, and we've been able to replicate that now at an extreme multiple in lot size with this factory. And that's what we're known for. And that's what we think is going to differentiate us. And so far, the customer input and the audits have been stellar. They're blown away, quite frankly, what they see for the ability of our quality and lots - a lot consistently at the size of lots we can produce. They want to be assured that if they come out of clinicals, and they go into therapeutics, they can buy millions of dollars of a single protein in a near perfect consistency. And we're able to do that.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we were mid-single-digits last quarter, and we were double-digits. So we like the recovery, especially when taking into account that there was an Omicron factor. There is an academic tenancy to this franchise. There's a lot of academic customers and that was softer. The comp on top of that is near 30% and that's continuing for a while. So, as we go through the rest of this year and then last, of course, is the sales force, spatial biology is all the rage, right? There's a lot of - and we're the biggest business out there in it right now. So, guess for other up-and-comers target. But we've had - especially this business is located in the Bay Area, we've had some attrition. I mentioned that last quarter, we've covered over half of that back. We're in pretty good shape now. And the results reflect that, especially when you take in account comp and where Academia is a little bit softer still. And another even in that area have also mentioned the same kinds of market conditions. So, throughout the rest of the year, we see improvements, continued improvements. And we still have always said we've had brief periods of 20% and 30% growth. We've always said this is a 15% to 20% grower for many years. We still stand by that. I think we're on our way back to that, and we're not too worried to be honest. It's kind of on plan.
Chuck Kummeth: We're working on expanding our Atlanta facility for BME right now. We have exploding growth there, primarily because the market leader is kind of tripped recently and so we're finding out of business. So, we're expanding on that now. But yes, regular GMP media will be putting into the current GMP factory now proteins. We're going to probably do GMP antibodies and GMP media there. And probably in parallel, probably a little bit some here, some at the headquarters, but over the next year, we'll be getting all that online. We see that as a natural adjacency to GMP proteins and part of the workflow. So - and we're being asked. Customers are asking, why can't you do this, too? So - and we are selling some. It's just like we were doing GMP proteins in the last few years. We're doing all this in our research facility and kind of make do GMP type of quarters, we have to scale itself. So, the way to scale is to put it in our GMP factory where we have the room.
Chuck Kummeth: To be honest, you actually had some inbound inquiries from potential targets that said they were more into an IPO and they've called back.
Chuck Kummeth: It's - we're killing it. We can't keep up, and we can't get this off the ground fast enough. We're being throttled actually. And the most exciting thing you saw in the transcript, you put a lot of extra detail around the applications for cell and gene therapy from the rest of our portfolio. All the way - we're finding all our instruments are being - we're having an incredible growth. Biologics isn't supposed to be growing continue at 30%. We kept digging, why is this happening? It's being used in specked inferred cell and gene therapy applications. AAV purity and stuff. And on all 3 of our platforms are being specked in the cell and gene therapy applications going well beyond the TAMs that we are positioning these instruments for in the beginning. So yes, we see this being a juggernaut for years. And our $2 billion target out there in 2026, the largest component of that was cell and gene therapy. And guess what? It's just gotten a lot bigger when you add Wilson Wolf revenue to it. So it's going to be - it could be roughly half the company or more by then, which should take a well beyond $2 billion too. So ,yes. And the new things coming, we're definitely going to do media. We're definitely doing antibodies. We have more and more demand for antibodies that are being used in these areas as well. This halo effect is - it's broad. And it's because I think we did all the right things starting four years ago with doing more than a one-trick pony-type of approach. We have about 10 different products that can affect the workflow of cell and gene therapy. And then the things we couldn't get, we created the JV to give us more power in the channel and it's really working. Both of those entities Wilson Wolf and Fresenius are doing quite well.
Chuck Kummeth: China is - yes. China is rinse and repeat. It was 22%, and it's going to be there 2022, 25% in that range, we think, for some time. We'll cross $100 million this year, which is great for our company and for the size we're at, but it's only $100 million in China. So when we're out there at $2 billion plus as a company, it's going to be twice that or more. So I see nothing stopping the growth of China - unless - if the entire country shuts down and locks up and stuff there may be a momentary blip, but I don't - nothing is going to change the long term.  And the geopolitical things, too, just like before with - in the Trump era, all the product stoppages and stuff, it didn't affect us. We're the only game in town. They aren't local suppliers there. So if they want to do research in China, they're going to have to buy our stuff. They knew that, then they'll now continue going forward. So no issues.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, sure. So we're something like 96 million lives total, and we're under 1 million for private payers. So we're continuing to grind away in private payers. We're seeing good growth. We've touched 3,500-or-so urologists, of which about 3/4 of our repeat purchasers. So we're not even one-third of the way through the domain of the doctors out there. So it's a continual issue. So we are now starting to ramp and go after. We're seeing these results without still expanding our sales force. We're just starting to get to that now. We have, as you know, a new leadership, a new team in place with Asuragen and it's already have an immediate effect. But we got to get at new putting more people on the street and going after with urologists. They forget fast and you've got to stay on to even be repeat purchasers. So we are now across 75,000 tests total sold. So it's not a surprise now. It's starting to become real and we're seeing the growth for it. But we did have a little bit reverse engines with Omicron, and we're not all the way back here with patients yet. It's coming, though. And again, it's, for sure, a $1 billion platform entirely. And that we're going to do a combination of things ourselves. We're going to have partnerships before anyone asks the ExoTRU program. We definitely are able to do it ourselves. We're talking NGS now, but we are very, very close to a very, very good partnership. And I actually feel very strong that we'll get it here. And if we don't get that one, we've got one or two others waiting in the wings for a shot, so a lot of interest in this platform. And a lot of interest in the other things we have on the drawing board that are already validated assays, things in blood as an example. So it's coming and this is the best quarter in well over a year for Exo.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. I've got a very insightful question. So it isn't - we've had our academic ranged from flat to double digit. It depends on the product. It depends on the regions. We have some academic accounts are fully funded. They're multiyear grants, and there's no issue. Some are not, and they are waiting, and they're waiting on new grants. Some are pulling back because there's no budget yet and they're being careful. We've got all these answers back from our field people because we've dug in hard. The net-net of it all is roughly mid-single digits, maybe a little better than that, roughly like last quarter, but there was no doubt a significant impact from Omicron. They send people home longer than the time period over Christmas, and they haven't come back yet. And just like our own company, we brought people back and we send them all back home again. It's everywhere. So we're not worried. It's coming, right? And this is on top of some regions that are pretty good as well. And the overall macro environment looks good. And then the budget that was already passed in the house is 15%. You add $3 million - $3 billion on top for the ARPA and you've got - that's where you get the 21% number. It's going to be something - in double digits will be a great budget. But Congress a little late this year and getting stuff done as we all know, and they've got to get it done. We hear it's a February deadline, but we'll see. So I think we'll start seeing an uptick in the academic going forward. Even so, we've worked hard in this company mitigating academic risk. It's way smaller than our biopharma segments now. And with the result of biopharma, we are totally swapping out any effect from academia. This is by design, it’s because of this very reason. So going forward, we're not too concerned. It's going to be - it's going to improve the rest of the year, academia. And hopefully, there BA2, variance is not a big deal, and we will get back to normality here by summer or at least get a few months off. And then I think you'll see quite a big snapback everywhere in academia, personally.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, there's only one Dave in there, and you'll be thoroughly missed, but I won't miss the sparring with them. He's got an edge to them, as we all know. Everyone knows Dave, but Will come with a great pedigree. He has very strong domain knowledge, if not stronger than Dave's in biology. So for us, that's really critical that our leadership here understands science all the way up and down. He's been here a few weeks. He's still residing in California, but he's had a great start. And I just - with quite a long search. We spent a couple of years looking for the right individual for Dave's in retirement, and I think we found them.
Chuck Kummeth: I think, by far, the biggest risk is you've got John Wilson, who is more of an R&D scientist type of KOL collaborator than an operations guy. So, him not finding a partnership somewhere, getting beyond $100 million of these guys tend to run a trouble growing the company beyond that level. So they're right down the street, they're already integrated because of scale ready JV already. So I've known him for over a decade, and tried buying first time Thermo Fisher 14 years ago. We've been friends ever since. I think this thing is with a customer base of 800, he has, I think, over 20 customers that have already - already over $1 million of annual purchases. There isn't anything out there even remotely close to his level of clinical integration, I don't think, anywhere from anybody. So this is the de facto standard of the future. Are there new ways to do this? Are there going to be copycats? Are there going to be copy cats? Are there going to be people doing crazy new things with bags and stuff? Sure. But the beautiful thing about GRx and it's the way it works, and it's hard wall surface. It's really, really gentle on T cells and NK cells like it. So there are a lot of people chasing this technology with bioreactors that simply aren't going to be - they're going to work very well for T cells and for NK cells, just in fact being. So John learned this years ago. And so he's got a head start. We're not going to let them fail for sure. And - it's a marvelous business. It's growing like crazy. He's got a great team. They work with our great team here. And I've been waiting years for this, to be honest. So we're ecstatic.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, it's China. We have a lot of cash in China. We took a swing. We know media is going to be big. We looked at two other entities, and we walked away from. We didn't think the management was stable. We picked this one. Guess what? The management wasn't stable. So it's at a point where we're definitely going to do the write-down. We got it more than covered, it's really immaterial. It's not all a loss. There's liquidation. There's assets. We've got a nice spot in the business park there. So there's - there's way to regroup. But at this point, all we can say is that we're just taking the next step of the responsible thing we need to do with the impairment, and then we'll go from there and let you know more later as we see what our options are with that small assets.
Chuck Kummeth: As a reminder, Alex, our results that we report for China don't include anything from Eminence, right? So it has a material impact on our growth in China.
Chuck Kummeth: Can I give you a dollar for asking that? I can - you just wouldn't believe what he did at the site. He bought a 100,000 square foot site and it's - he bought over a year, a year-and-a-half of supplies early on for the supply chain risk. Even they're all-in, he decked out facility for his people, it's beautiful. And you can still park a couple of airliners in there with the empty space. It's - there’s - its just a wonderful positioning. So we're not worried at all. I think, if I had to guess - I don't know for sure, I don't want to get too crazy, but it would scale many multiples of their current revenue rate, I'm sure.
Chuck Kummeth: Okay. Well, thanks all for attending the call. We really love being a $1 billion company and we're on our way to $2 billion and well - with a great quarter, and we think we have some more ahead of us here. So we'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks. Bye.
