Chuck Kummeth: Sure. Well, first and foremost, we finished this last quarter still down 8% and it could have been worse than that. We did have a tailwind. The tailwind’s improving. We’re seeing a resurgence in July, not – towards this summer we saw with China coming back on. So July numbers are a very good start, as Jim alluded to. But there’s two months to go, and we have a 13% comp from last year to cover. So that’s the big one. So coming back from negative coming this quarter in a tough comp, we think flat, we could give a range. We were 9% or 10% minus 20% last quarter. We talked about saying something from zero to 10% or something or a minus 5% to plus 5%. But I think the best thing is to keep this tight as we can. We think flat’s the right trajectory for us. And if there are upsides – now if we stay with what we see in July, continue into the whole quarter, I think there’ll be upside. I agree we did see it in China. We saw things level off, and expect to see things level out here, too. I mean, we’re seeing a really strong start in the quarter. And it’s just probably not plausible. Not to mention there are hotspots and resurgence going on, and they’re just very unpredictable what’s going to happen. I know that I looked at the numbers this morning and looks very encouraging in the U.S. for the numbers this week but who is to say it. So I think on top of the comp, I think flat is right. Europe continues to progress to be a little bit ahead of us. UK is the only real out liar here, and we’ll have to watch and see what happens there. And in China, it’s actually a little bit going the wrong direction right now, right? So if that gets worse, we’ll see. India and others are not as bad as I would have thought, given their population and their ability to actually deal with this, but that’s a good thing. And then on top of all this, there’s upside on our COVID, right? So if we get our EUA in two to four weeks, and we get a solid month of coming out with this product, that’s really not in our numbers, in this forecast. So there’s upside. We have other COVID products as well. Simple Plex, we talked about had just an amazing quarter, and it’s looking like it’s going to continue maybe not quite at 100% growth, but darn good growth I guarantee you. So we need academia to come back, we need urologists to come back, and the progression has started, but it’s not – they’re not all the way back even at the end of this quarter, we don’t think so. We’re going to stay cautious. We don’t officially give guidance. This is the closest we’ve ever come, and we’re talking about staying flat against a strong comp, that’s all. That gives you something, Puneet.
Chuck Kummeth: Sure. Well, I want to give you some comments here, and they’re really meant for everybody, not just you. So I’m not going to cover the same ground here, and then questions later and that we will get this out kind of to all of you at once just to be really careful. We’ve invested a lot in our test. We have submitted a one hell of a dossier to the FDA, let me tell you. And it is an incredible data package. We have gone far and beyond, really what the FDA requires for something like this. As you know, it’s a two-step. When we decided to go fully quantitative a couple of months ago and take a step back and take some extra time, the FDA, first of all, was starting to get clogged up with an awful lot of request. Two, being we’re talking about asking for a fully quantitative EUA and nobody else has done that that. And they really, really asked for an awful lot of extra stuff, extra data, extra testing. We have complete sensitivity data done. We did crossed reactivity test against 14 major diseases. We have stats on all this that are phenomenal. We know of nothing out there that compares, but we don’t maybe know everything that’s coming out either. So we’re only talking what’s out there now. We do also know and the FDA, regrettably so, knows that they’ve issued a lot of preliminary EUAs that they probably regret and a lot of these initial qualitative tests have become a tarnish to the whole serology potential. And we have to overcome that. But we’re very sure and we’re very clear on the fact there’s a need for a quantitative serology test that really can identify the level of immunity in a patient. And this is going to be important. More and more important as these vaccines come in the market, and patients who want to know, are they having a response or not. And so we see a surveillance side of this, it’s going to only grow, and it’s not going away in a year. So will it match the – are you sick now testing environment to PCR, maybe not. But it’s going to be a very large market, and we’re not a very big company, and we’re going to have the best test, at least for a while. So we’re very confident that we’re going to be treated very fairly by the FDA, and we’ll be out there before this quarter end, hopefully. But there’s no guarantee. This is the FDA, and there are hundreds of tests out there, trying to get in, in all different forms. We know of nothing else out there that can match us. We had incredible partners with Kantaro and then Mount Sinai. They are managing most of the bureaucracy here being – we’re not that experienced at it. And we’ve got great consultants on the staff through Kantaro as well who’ve really taken control of our dossier and our package, our data, everything. Our team here at Bio-Techne has worked around the clock for months now and has really fulfilled their mission, we feel. And we’re ready to go. And we’re not kidding, we’re ready to go at millions per month, if not millions per week. So – but you’re right. Right now, it’s kind of a 10% kind of market demand compared to PCR, but we think it’ll improve. And it will improve with the test getting better with vaccines coming on the market and the economy is opening up, and people want to go back to work, and knowing they’re safe to go back to work. So we’re ready. We’ve been waiting for this, and we’re ready.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, as you know, we’re selling GMP proteins now. We’re just not selling in larger batches. So our GMP protein business is growing and growing near 100%. So we’ll be moving all of that over to the facility once we are able to. So we’re on schedule, on budget. We’ll be opening the facility in late September, qualifying for the rest of this calendar year and be open for business for scaled out production revenue, probably in January or something. We have a one completed, signed up large customer, and we are in negotiations with half a dozen others. And behind that are a lot more others on preclinicals and testing and people getting ready to check us out. So it’s hard to guess right now what that first year revenue will be coming out of the factory, but it’s certainly going to be significant. We will not show our capacity for first year. We’ve never said we would be. Probably say, it could take as long as five years to a full $140 million. We don’t think it will take that long, but it could. Our models don’t go beyond that. So it’ll only be upside. So we’re ready to expand it to a $200 million model. And it takes about a six-month to one year window to do that. So we think we have ample time. We’ve got ample room in the building. We’ve got ample green space. So no issues there. Equipment is all here. The site looks phenomenal. We’re going to have a fantastic viewing quarter for the processes. Our local Minnesota Science Museum, who is the world or the country leader in exhibition design, they say this is for sale, they’re going to help us design how to exhibit and how to show the processes. So it will be a great venue for customers to come in and see what they can expect. And it’s going to be fun. So everything is on track. The numbers don’t – haven’t changed since we’ve told you before really, so.
Chuck Kummeth: And these are ones that aren’t really out there out or coming out. As you know, there’s an awful lot of viral vector based cell therapies coming out the next year or two. And we’re not really – we’re not in those clinicals. But being we’re not part of the drug, it would take just equivalency testing to actually move over our protein if it’s deemed to be a better value, better quality, et cetera. So we expect, as we open, we’ll get more and more interest from dozens and dozens of cell therapies that will be coming over the next two to three years. That’s our angle anyway.
Chuck Kummeth: We don’t see anything below double-digit forever in China, to be honest. So we’ve almost got to that the last quarter. So we were at 24% this quarter. The resurgence is a big part of that. I think we’d probably be north of 20% if we didn’t see the new shutdowns in Beijing and other things. But with that in case, it’s kind of unknown. But I think we still see a strong 15-ish kind of number at least. We’re hoping for better. You never know with China, it’s not going to be below double digit, but it could still be over 20% as well.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Well, we had 5% this last quarter, right? And that’s going to improve modestly with the current products like Ella and our RNAscope continues to see some traction. We’re selling reagents, we’re even selling antibodies to other test manufacturers, antibodies that we’re not using in our test, of course. So we’re a full-service build supplier to everybody, right? That’s what we do. I think the big upset, of course, is the serology traction. If we get the EUA, these aren’t going to be small orders. If we get this, there’ll be all the large orders and we’re talking with a lot of large institutions. I will make a comment now to – I mean, the commercial channel and as I mentioned before, it’s one thing to be able to make five to 10 million tests a week. It’s another to get in the engine of doing five to 10 million blood draws a week, and that’s the mission here. So, we’ve got to be working with governments, with large reference labs, the vaccine makers, the hospital management systems out there that are really managing all these labs and working all these blood draws for all these automated testing that goes on every day in the hospitals and clinics around the world. So that’s where we’re really working on now have been for a couple of months already, we are definitely beyond term sheets with some and there is a lot of interest as you can imagine. So, but that’s what’s going to drive the speed of traction and the level of traction, not only this quarter but come Q2 and beyond.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, let’s work in reverse order. So the payer situation is still improving at the acceptable levels. The utility study is being acknowledged and being well received and it’s helping us line up bigger payers. The Medicare is still coming back and growing. I think we’re on track and then NGS, of course, is very excited about getting back to us on reconsideration. They actually love the utility study. And we’re going to be following up with some other data here soon, but I think, of course, they don’t meet every month. So, we’ve got plenty of time till it is fall and to get the package really in good place for a reconsideration. That said the TRF process it’s really helped us get around that being a potential shortfall with the limited definition to the LCD, but we’re okay, I think for now. So it’s kind of steady as she goes. We had great growth and we continue to see it in the at-home test, I think is really a sleeper. I mean that thing is going to allow free take off. And then, stay tuned; we’ve got some new coming advertising campaigns that are also going to be I think well received. So, we’re moving well along there. What was your question before that? That was...
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. So we did submit to CMS for a CPT-code a special and we got it. We have a new code, but we don’t have pricing at and we can get the pricing until the EUA is out. And so it all works together. Clearly what we will do a crosswalk at some point with CMS when it’s appropriate and that may follow the EUA, but I don’t think there’s any issue, any worries about that. And it is significantly higher than the $42 charge for a one-step test out there currently. I think when people see the extra difficulty – the technical hurdles are here. The more information, the better results where Kantaro, Mount Sinai for sure are very confident that we’re going to be dealt fairly. Anyhow we need all this because, for the channel to accept this and drive it and prioritize it, there has to be a little more, because it costs more.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, I’ve often spoke about it being the big sleeper in our stable. And the micropoint opportunity in China is just one indication that’s a $100 million obtained all by itself. So love to have some of those over here. We’re having a lot more interest. This will be event that that platform really has been waiting for. We had a lot – we basically sold all we can make this last quarter and I don’t know if that will continue, because we’re ramping our production now. But we certainly saw insurgence for hospital use and for testing use and I think there is interest now there for people to take that application and take it through different clinical regulatory needs. And we’ll see, but it’s good for regulatory. It’s good, it’s good, it’s good for clinicians, it’s good in research. It’s a high-speed multiplex immunoassay one hour sample data, it’s wonderful. And we keep building the panel library for it and we’re able to make panels that will for anybody. We have an open cartridge panel for people, who do their own work and this is important for Biopharma, because they want to work a little more secretive. So, they’ve taken it and they’re working on their own products without us pretty being involved and later they’ll come back and tell us what to make for them and it really buttoned out. So, we see a big strong future for Ella in the Simple Plex platform in general, and there’s more culture coming. We have a variety that’s coming out and going smaller and smaller too. So, it could be a point of care as well. 4/8 is an example.
Chuck Kummeth: I think it’s more about positioning and we’re not that big a player. So, we really haven’t seen any impact. It could be Simple Plex Ella is a good example. That was just off the charts over there for us. They need, especially in places like Italy. Right now, no concerns on funding for our products or budgets in Europe. It’s more about getting UK back online in full. The rest of the country is really coming on just fine.
Chuck Kummeth: If anything, to start – if anything, we just need to get back to where we were before COVID and that was the reorganization, the restructuring, the new commercial designs that we had for Europe in general. We made most of those changes and we’re kind of waiting for Europe to come back to normal, so we can actually measure how we did. So, places like Germany, there should be a lot more upside. So, we’re looking at investing and expanding in places like Germany, where we should have more business, to be honest.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Well, we’ve read all the public stuff, just like you guys have or writing and I think roughly 50%, 60% are partially open and a roughly a quarter open and the rest are kind of in the middle and unknown, but we are hoping for better than that, we all were, right. So, I think it’s just a slow slog forward. I think there are two camps for academic labs. There’s ones that are well funded through grants and there is ones that are funded to the universities, and where students not coming back or international students not coming back, I think you’re going to see some constrained budget in some university labs probably. I think the grant related labs are probably going to be fine and probably, it will be a great season next year, because we see nothing but improvements in funding to that end. So, we just have to kind of go work with it. By definition, labs are kind of socially distant. They aren’t really in top line out there and I think labs will come on back on board before really students are back at full strength. And I’ve read that in more than one place, so – but it varies by institution. So, they’re just not all the same. And if you’re going to – if you’re asking for an answer of what’s the mean of all this, they’re coming back. But they are coming back slower than we’d like. And I expect that the budget situation going forward, it may be a wash as I think you’re going to see some things better than usual and some things less, netting out to be, it’s my guess. But I don’t know any more than you do on that. So, we have – we may be better off in a lot of companies. We have a lot of products that are really kind of unique and only ones in the world and you got to get it from us. And so they’re coming back fast. We’ve had, as I mentioned, a very strong start to the quarter. I don’t think we’re alone there. And I think it’s somewhat similar to what we saw in China. People have come back to labs. They remember what they did and turn the lights off two, three months ago and they are reordering quickly to get their stuff back going again and that will level off probably after the first month or two we think, just like it did in China and – but research isn’t going away. And we’ll just have to work with them as best as they are coming back online. But for academic labs to be healthy, we need students and we need all kinds of students including international students and that’s a big question mark right now.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Serology in high volumes for the math is different than serology for the vaccine manufacturer. They would be probably a few million dollars at least per account to be really in their clinicals per se, any part of it. but a lot of those ships have left their docks, right. they are in Phase IIs and Phase IIIs, a lot of them done their own test. Now, they’re not scaling up something for the world. So, they’re probably not as focused on a monoclonal like we were. They can use other ways that means that they’ve got something to test, so that something they can’t really release to the world. So, we’re in the middle of all those kinds of discussions and I think as we get out there with the data and the accuracy of our test, I think we’re going to get more and more support, and the interest from the vaccine makers. And yes, we are working with some already, but not all of them and we’d ask pretty much all of them. And then that’s the answer we’d gotten that they would like to take a look, but they are in the middle of stop obviously, and they’ve got big deadlines to hit with their Phase II or Phase III, in some cases, and it’s now is not the time to be changing how they’re testing. So, there is some of that. But it was mentioned in the – in our response – in our transcript here that surveillance going forward is going to become more and more important and we see a lot of that going well beyond just vaccine manufacturers, so...
Chuck Kummeth: But we got to get around – first of all, the port tests that came out in the last six months, right.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we have one large signed customer now, where I mentioned we’re in negotiation half dozen others and that one would be millions and millions of dollars of proteins, just that one. We have had inquiries for orders as large as annually of $10 million or more expected while there was some so much more pressure on us to get in the game and get going on large capacity available proteins the GMP, because they were scared to death, where they were going to get them and it’s going to probably drive be one of the big drivers of just how fast the cell and gene therapy market in general growth is going to be the safety of these reagents. So we plan to be not only in the game, but the leader. To the first part of your question, we’re in what kind. It will be all the above. So yes, we have our all complete workflow non-viral vector related and we’re in pre-clinicals with a lot of companies working direction. We think five, 10 years out here, the world will probably be non-viral vector, but there are, a thousand clinicals right now that are viral vector related and summer coming out at the other end here very soon in a couple have already and for them to use our proteins, they have to do [indiscernible] test of which they’ll be doing. I’m sure. And it’s very possible and then it’s going to come down to how well our product works and what’s the price et cetera. So we’re going to get pieces of all of these markets. And I think the biggest first big upside would be equivalency. So if we can land some of these accounts that are coming out and going into production through [indiscernible] test that would be the biggest short-term upside. Otherwise, we really get to wait for our stuff to kind of get through their clinicals with our partners in the other end which is going to be in two to three years, which we’ve talked about at length, but we see a J-curve with this, factory in terms of revenue ramp and I’m sure we’ll have significant revenue next year, but it’s hard to say. It will certainly be probably more north of $10 million, but it will be north of $50 million. It’s hard to say for year one. But…
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. It’s in the workflow, I mean it’s spatial imaging, right. So we have a single cell analysis. So at some point you do that we’ll look at the sales and see how things are working and RNAscope is fantastic for that. So we’re going to have Plex versions of this as well. We have our high-plex out now. So we see a big future for RNAscope platform being used in cell and gene therapy as an analysis tool.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, lots going to depend on what kind of to real demand will happen. So as an example, we have to convince this channel the LabCorp class all these different [indiscernible] lab into use test. Now we are in the middle of using high automated systems right now from other manufacturers, but on, not a less desirable test. The reimbursement on that 42 on a single step test will be asking for more and to get more is going to help prioritize of them. So, we’re in discussions with all the entire channel there everyone, you mentioned and more. So there are companies that manage the hospital labs, there is LabCorp and Quest, of course, there is a second-tier level of LabCorp and Quest out there is the mail. And then there is a vaccine manufacturers in general to there’s biotech in as well as a channel for a lot of stuff, so we’re talking to all of them. There are governments that are talking to us mean there are, there are governments that are talking to us about that are more or less social medicine type of model that want to buy big and they want to get in on this. So we’re discussing that with some as well. So, we’re getting help non-China is very influential. The Kantaro Group as got people on board that have a lot of experience working in these areas and these channels and dealing with the FDA, but it will be commercialized by us that’s what we are going to do with this. The branding, on the product will have R&D – powered by R&D systems, branded on the product and what we get out of it, I’ve mentioned before that we’re going to be certainly be in the $5 to $10 range, we think, in us and Mount Sinai. But you know the test prices will go, much higher than that and they are already – they are now, even in a single step. So we’ll get more than that. That should create strong interest from the I’ll call it the channel, so to speak. The people who are managing, all those blood draws that won’t be form. And again, Alex, we’re not trying to take out Roche here, we’re not very big. So I mean any – the traction we expect here should be very material to us.
Chuck Kummeth: We’re pretty far along there on the kidney rejection test. We have the first paper review and data is there and we’re working toward that through that process. I mean I think another year. So we’ll probably be into the guidelines and work in the same kind of process we did with the EPI test. Bladder is probably following that. It’s just a matter of bandwidth. Our partnership ideas for that one as well, and there we’re pretty far along in partnerships discussions both with EPI as well as the blood based versions of this test of which need clinicals done et cetera. And there is a global perspective too. There are different other partners that want to really help in Europe and also want to help in Asia for us. So I would say some things have slowed down due to the pandemic, for sure. We definitely have taken a hit but recovering faster than expected with our own urology office in the U.S., and I think at-home is going to be very instrumental and coming back and coming back strong this year and then continue the trajectory that we expect. So this is a big platform. It’s got a lot of aspects to it. It’s going to take years to really get it to mainstream, but there is nothing that can beat it. We don’t think so. We’re on our way.
Chuck Kummeth: It’s data, cost, productivity. There is no doubt in anyone’s mind it’s tested with our platform that some more efficient. It’s less costly, it’s much more predictable and reproducible. Viral vectors are hard to work with that should become a standard over the last decade, because that’s how it was. But like everything lot of things in the world, the first isn’t always the best. The world comes around and frames up something better, but it’s going to really have to get there with data. The pre-clinicals and the work we’re doing have been very successful. We’re selling a fair amount of stuff already to be honest. And we see a bright future. But this is – as you are well aware, this is not an overnight kind of market capacity to be methodical approach toward clinicals. And I think it’s doing just fine, it will get there.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, again, it was a tough quarter by – for us and for everyone else in the industry. We – I think we came out better than expected and we’re very happy with what we see so far. And going forward, we see nothing but a bright future. So, we’ll look forward telling you more next quarter. Thank you.
