Chuck Kummeth: Sure, Puneet. Thanks. Well, I think first and foremost, I think we’re kind of talking about come back a little more quickly than others are talking about it. We bridge for you the destocking component. And a lot of these stock, and we know the customers, and we know what they’re at, and they’ve been very clear with us. So we know when they’re coming back or more, and it really is in Q1. So there will still be funding pressures for sure. I mean the public information out there on amount of biotech funding reductions are double digit and beyond so it is impactful. But we’re kind of certain and lot of that with surgical work here within our own OEM sector, which was coming back.. Let’s not forget that we were in the mid-teens in our run rate is a supporting biopharma end-to-end academic last quarter. This quarter, we were a low teens still in our run rate business, so for our consumables. So that’s – that’s all speaks very positive current department going forward. We just think it starts getting better. I mean, as you pointed out, we got one more tough quarter, a really tough Q4 comp. We had a blowout last couple of weeks last year Q4, kind of which that would have been in Q1 now. And you’re right in that seven high single-digit number is kind of our range. China is a big factor too. I mean we’ve got – we see China is going back. We were just over there. First time in three and a half years. The team is in great spirit, full spring, being all their customers and things are ramping extremely fast. So, I wasn’t kidding with 40% or better. That should be kind of in the range for us for China. And that gives us a good base across the company to start building on an overall growth rate.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. So we actually made great progress there. As you know, we’ve got a factory that we’re pushing the co-brand in the every month. We have the G-Rex platform, which is already in the standard out there. The last real miss integration of media, we have a couple of different formulations of media that we’re going out with. We’ve been in media forever, but in more regenerative medicine type approaches this is a little more different. So we’re looking at kind of the make versus buy, how to cut it. It’s all about time and scale. So we think within a year here, we are with a cool system. So roughly about a year, and it’s probably a little much right now, it could be sooner. It could be a later sense of how much we want to go it ourselves with our own capital and assets or those partnering.
Chuck Kummeth: We have IT and we have solutions for how to actually integrate it within G-Rex already. So some real novel solutions that some of them John Wilson itself has been involved in.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, it’s a great question. We have a great relationship. We talk every week. The teams are being put together. As I pointed out, one of the key thing was the fact that you want us to take over and do more operations as he’s exploding in growth, he kind of is more of a KOL, I’ll say with all the docs and peracetic and the institutions that’s where you want to more or less live. As, we just put out a big press release last week here of CellReady, so he is building a new company, a CDMO type model, working with assets for marker to trying and build all that more quickly and get your customers more quickly, save a lot of time, a lot of money with start-ups and with professors with their cell ideas, et cetera. And guess what the workflow is it’s going to drive that whole mechanism. It’s scale; it’s our ScaleReady JV workflow. That means our protein, G-Rex of course, use the [indiscernible] hardware as well and work we’ll use all our incidents for Q3. We’ll have our media, we’ll have – or workflow will come in. So that makes us tighter even yes because he wants to make sure that we’re integrating for the future, too, as we build out these new ideas because he’s already kind of understanding that we’re at 20%. This deal is going to happen. So, we’re starting to really focused on what else can go and wrap around the Wilson Wolf franchise to make it even bigger and better, which is all good for us together long term. So if anything, we’re talking more and we have more ideas to the future together to build the next multibillion-dollar venture.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, we had a 45% quarter, and I thought of another strong comp last year, 21% or 22% overall for the category. So really strong – it’s still growing. It’s becoming close to material by next year for sure. And I think overall, we just keep accelerating. I think we’re roughly around 200 customers now, and the large ones about I’ve got a couple more, I’d say, larger, they’re all kind of scaling a little more. We’re trying to keep filling the funnel and it’s about turning these minerals into tuna and then into whales, right? So in a couple of years, we hope to have a couple of dozen whales and it won’t take many to really get this factory norm [ph] and so they’re coming.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Well, we’re thrilled that it’s come back to double digits. It should stay there. We’ll see. There’s a lot of opportunity. And you realize also this is not a category that’s like only biotech or only pharma. There’s a lot of academia with that franchise. So – and our academia has been kind of mid-single-digit area. So it’s one of our hurdle to get over, its keep raising actually being hit. We also have a service component with that business. And that’s been up and down. And it was better this quarter. We got to make sure we keep pounding away on that service. That service element is how we find a lot of new customers. We will start with a service contract, and then we blow them away with the data, making then they come on board and they start ordering probes and go from there. So it all works together. Akoya is very different than the Lunaphore model. The Lunaphore model, that program is for co-detection protein and RNA together on a single slide, still single morphology whereas the Akoya is all RNA only. So they’re a little bit different. We’ve been pretty clear about being a bit foot from a high level than Ventana, Leica all the way down to the lower automation with these guys. And we even play with NanoString and others in the middle trying to support them. The more they do in discovery, the more roll our way in translational later. So it’s all good. I just came from the ALDA conference and the theme was spatial and it was a record turnout by about 40% more people, spatial is hot. And there’s more common. There’s a lot more innovation. There’s more companies coming, there’s more ideas. And we’re thrilled to one of the leaders, and we’re working with all the leaders in hardware and automation. And as, we’ve got some multiplexing capability coming and now with co-detection as well that, that’s going to be – it’s going to fill a big gap out there for what people are looking for identifying what they’re really after in their tissues.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. You should know it, $100 million kind of run rate business right now. We’ve always talked about it being a $300 million-plus business, but that’s with discovery, but also with pathology. Having Lunaphore and having other relationships allows us to really give pathologists more what they’re looking for. So they’re not working on a single slide under a scope with one analyze at a time here is difficult. And let’s not forget, we’ve launched a whole set of new dye fluorescence, fluorophores. We call Vivid, and they are really lighting up the slides, and they’re getting a lot of great acceptance as well. You start adding where we’re going with translational riding the heels of all the discovery guys and with these new players helping us automation-wise, getting into pathology, five years to 10 years out, this is well beyond $300 million. This is a double-digit growth rate needs to be, got to be when it isn’t. We make changes here. It’s been as high as 30-plus percent on some quarters and – and we hope to be in double digits going forward. So it’s – there’s academic. There’s funding issues this year. It’s been a little bit lumpy. We’re double digits this quarter. I think it looks pretty solid. We’re excited about the relationship. I think we’re quite a few months away here yet I’m actually having revenue on a platform like that, but it’s all coming, so.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. It’s still 14 months away, if you’re stuck with me for three or four more quarters, and I will not be joining a band. We’ve not heard me saying [ph]. But – there is – obviously, I’ve done my job with grooming, I think three excellent internal candidates. All could carry the water here for quite a while, I think. The Board is looking outside as well. We have a fiduciary responsibility. And the fundamental reason of taking the time and looking broad is that we’re – under my watch for 10 years, we’ve, I guess we’ve increased the sales here 400% or 500% something like that in the next 10 years, we want another 400%, 500%. We’re up 6x, 7x, 8x in valuation in 10 years and another 10 years, if you want to be up another five times, six times, seven times, eight times in valuation. That puts us at needing somebody to run a $60 billion market cap company at $5 billion, $6 billion in revenue. That’s the goal. That’s the plan, and that’s where we’re operating for. And I will remain on the Board hopefully. Board willing, so I’m not totally missing so.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, I hope we did pretty good job bridging it. It’s about 1.5%. It would’ve been the best thing about this destocking OEM component. We’re not talking about across the board problem. We’re talking about half a dozen or so different customers that are all in the millions of dollars of purchases last year and this year are at zero. And they won’t remain at zero. Some won’t come back, a lot are going to come back hard and heavy, and then we’re really building the funnel with new ones. The beautiful thing about biotech is every year, there’s a whole new play the new people ideas that want to buy new juice some leaders like us to try things up. So – it’s building, it’s coming back, it’s identifiable. And I guess if there’s more numbers, I’ll let Jim comment. But I think 1.5% is pretty clear, so.
Chuck Kummeth: Let me put a little ribbon on that. So, I mentioned our run rate – we watch our run rate and how we’re doing digitally with our catalogs. We are funded first and foremost, the catalog business for life sciences across the board, biopharma down through academia. And that’s remaining in teen tells us that things are okay. Then you look for other holes and we bridge it for you. This OEM thing is going to come and go, you pull that back, we’re back to normality. And on top of that, you have these growth programs. Our three top growth areas all hedged spectacular quarters. Spatial had double-digit, 45% GMP protein, 20%-plus in cell and gene therapy overall and Exosome at 87%. They’re not material enough right now to carry the average. But by next year, there are going to be a lot more material and they’re going to carry the average. So all the stuff fundamental coming back on top of these growth programs, we don’t give guidance, but we won’t be very happy here if we’re not a double-digit growth and so. 
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, we are just there, and that was absolutely one of the questions. It’s almost per word, when we asked the team in our reviews there. I don’t think we’re seeing the extreme kickback we come off that COVID quarter, roughly three years ago now. It’s just coming back strong and hard – now again, this is an easy comp from last year for China. And – but this last quarter, two months of the quarter, nobody was at work, like zero. We had 90%-plus people stick with COVID. So we had a very strong market because they all came back and there was pent-up demand. People want to get back to work and restart. We’re a run rate business. So people aren’t at working their labs, they’re not running experiments, not running experience. They’re not using our juice. So now they’re all back, and they want more and they’re hungry and they’re trying to catch up. So some level of that we saw a few years ago will happen. But I think it’s more steady. It’s more steady too, because the instant component of that. It’s also coming back and resurging well. We see really good strong growth going forward. We weren’t – one reason we did have some growth as a lot of it is an instrument side effect there, and that’s obviously a longer sales cycle. But that’s one of our business regions where we have stronger percentage of the portfolio is an instrument and we see that continuing. So going forward, we’re 200-plus people strong there. The leader, Lee Hyun [ph] work with us that worked with me in Thermo Fisher. He is solid. We’ve got many years left to go, it’s a well-respected industry. He’s built businesses in this past that are five times, 10 times bigger than this is still right now. So we’ve got a long way to go. The salespeople are great, our leader in instruments. It’s still the original leader that came with ProteinSimple, way back when and is more energetic and engaged than ever. And we love this guy. He knows the markets. He knows every customer. The relationships are fantastic. He’s been able to build a big team under him from when he was in a smaller company. So it’s all looking pretty good. We also had a very large reception. We got to pretty neat and talk to like literally most of the folks there. We weren’t there many days. We want to really maximize our timing and get to know everybody again. China an area, you want to get there and touch them once every year, if you can. Three years, it’s too long not to be there. Businesses can drift. And in places like China, they can drift maybe you can find surprises. We didn’t find any surprises. The morale of this team has been fantastic. The engagement has been good. A lot of new people, but only about 25% in the last couple of years are new there. I always asked that. I have asked for a show of hands, who’s in the last year and who’s before that. So attrition has been very good and we’re just holding for done. And end of the day, it’s a $100 million business, 10% a little more, a little less of our company back to growing 20%-plus next year, we think, is a no-brainer. We won’t stay at 40%-plus this quarters anomaly, but next year, we’re going to probably work with them on a plan at 20%-plus for sure. That’s no reason why not. And maybe more. We’ll get back to you as we get a plan, so.
Chuck Kummeth: Sure. Well, as we’ve taken on. I wouldn’t say conservative, but a careful approach to their expansion and growth. We’ve had a dilution level that we’ve been able to live with the last four years or five years, whatever it’s been now. And I would say that dilution level is down by 30%, 40% when it was because we’re investing. We’re at full strength or near to it, so we’ve almost doubled that sales force. We’ve added a new team for the experienced team to really go after five of the larger private payers. We had to get big enough to attract the right players and people and talent to do this. But I would say the size of the business is up headcount-wise, roughly 30%, 40%, maybe even a little more from a year or two ago. And – and we talked about we’re at the breakeven point. And we talked in past to finding some records that what we called it. We bought it thinking to be $30 million in revenue and then found off to top value being more like $60 million or $70 million of revenue to be a breakeven point. This team and under Lynn think it’s much better than that. So we got another year or so, 1.5 years. I think we’re adding to a breakeven point of profitability. And then maybe we will or maybe we won’t. We will decide to invest harder and stay at the levels we’re at dilution levels we’re at. I mean that thing we’ll put ads on TV for the prostate test yet. But I think this team is starting to accelerate even more. And we’re – we hit 11,000 tests last quarters, which is pretty remarkable. As you know, we’ve got the full into the guidelines now into our reimbursement equation. That means we can go back after patients that had their first test done or had a biopsy and have it again and use this for surveillance – in the entire period before last quarter, I think we had 15 tests done, that were a repeat. In the last quarter, we had over 240. So we’re going back after the surveillance patients, which is an added – which really is an added TAM, right? So that’s one thing you’re seeing, I think the growth even accelerate. And I don’t even think we get a tipping point yet. I tell the team, I’m looking for something north of 100% growth. And I think that day will come, so. 
Chuck Kummeth: For the OEM. Well, I think COVID has, had effect on everything OEM, I think it’s effective environment. It’s affecting funding and expecting conservatism and all the above. So people have been stocking and we’ve been careful through the supply chain risk environment we were in last year. You called the back half will be the front half of our next fiscal year. We see improving first starting in Q1. Others have been online here recently saying it’s an all year event. I don’t know their business as well as I know are. So I think we’ve got some large OEMs that are running out of stuff. And they’re not insolvent. They’ve just been – they’re conservative and they’ve stocked up. We have a few that are new coming and growing and we have a few that are shrinking and going away, it’s being bought or whatever. So I think the net-net at all, we see an improving OEM first half of our fiscal year. From what we know right now, we’re just being transparent on what we see right now. The next quarter, maybe it will all change. I don’t know if maybe something else will happen, but that’s what we see right now. And we’re pushing on these customers to start buying again, so. 
Chuck Kummeth: Don’t forget that. We’re not happy with a handful of large customers. We’ve got hundreds of customers. We want a 100 large.
Chuck Kummeth: It’s mostly macro, but I’d say we’ve not been happy with academia to last year. It’s more or less low to mid-single digits. Europe is up and down a little bit, but China was like a big zero practically. So that’s a big impact. APAC wasn’t strong either. So that this quarter, which is timing and then missing stimulus in Korea and Japan. So those things kind of weigh into that. When you add all that back in, I think things are fine Alex. No real issue there. I would say on product categories, what I’m most worried about kind of what I’ve always most worried about. It’s alliances. So that’s why we bought SimplePlex. We’re big in Luminex. We’ve got an assay portfolio that is together. It’s high single-digit growth and hopefully you’ve acted back to double-digit here soon when it all comes, but allies up and down low, mid, high single digits. That’s kind of where it lies, and it’s still a big part of our business. So it’s kind of that.
Chuck Kummeth: I wouldn’t really update that yet because we were ahead of the game here less than a year ago from the accelerated growth that we had, we are more or less ahead everybody expected. Yes, this year, we’ve given some back. And yes, we still got a few years to go. We need cell and gene therapy to light it up. We need spatial to keep going in double digit. And we need Exosome to remain in this high growth accelerated level it is. So they become material enough to help us get there. But we are growing faster than we need over the aggregate. The aggregate number in both Exosome as well as cell and gene therapy to hit that number, it’s 50% growth in roughly that area, and we’re about there and in the protein stuff, and we’re well exceeding that in cell and gene therapy or in Exosome. Spatial needs to be solid double digit as well. I’d say we’re a little behind. We need to be there. But we have new things coming as well. So it’s too soon to say it’s going to be 1.9 or 1.95, it could easily right now still be 2.1. And Wilson Wolf that whole area is a big kicker, icing on the cake, right? So and lot of the stuff takes 10 years out. We’re just doing a lot of things are going to take a while to develop, but that they really hit their stride three, four years out. So.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, great. Thanks, everyone, for attending. I’m glad that we kind of put the expectation set last quarter and a little better on the bottom line. And I think they were in great shape looking forward in this quarter. The team is in great shape. We were to go in the energy side, and we’ll talk to you then. Thank you.
Jim Hippel: Well, we’re in the process of building our plan right now for next year, right? What I was trying to indicate in my closing remarks was that if you take out the very isolated events OEM destocking. China, as an example, the ExoTRU deal and the rest of our business collectively is at double digits already. And our key growth programs, which are going to carry us to $2 billion and beyond are also all growing well in the double digits. And so it suggests that we get past these headwinds in fiscal year 2023, during fiscal year 2024, this underlying double-digit growth was seen not only in our core but definitely in our growth programs, growth platforms we’ll start to once again resonate and you’ll see it in the overall company results. And that’s our goal.
Jim Hippel: Yes. Again, I’ll be able to provide more clarity, excuse me, I’ll be able to provide more clarity on our margin and margin profile for next year as we get through our plan in our next earnings call. But I guess at a high level, I would say, I would expect – if you look at our margin profile historically, it tends to dip in Q1 and then gradually increase throughout the rest of the year just due to seasonality Q1 is typically a lower revenue quarter for us and the cost base is easily higher coming off of Q4 fiscal year to the prior year. So – in terms of that 37 increasing sequentially into Q1, I would say probably not. But if you look at the full year of where we finished fiscal year 2023, looking ahead to fiscal year 2024, at this point in time, I don’t see any material headwinds to margin as to why we wouldn’t at least expect some incremental margin improvement year-over-year for the year.
Jim Hippel: So I would say that. This is Jim I’d say, the OEM headwind is almost exactly the same for Q4 as it is for Q3 that’s what we’re predicting as of right now. As are the general biotech softness headwinds still are with us until we get past the last year, very tough comps. As Chuck pointed out, the comp for Protein Sciences was the same in Q4 as there was in Q3 last year. So they’re book equally difficult comp. And yes – and so yes, China will be better. You won’t have the ExoTRU, but at the end of the day, I think the overall headwinds facing Protein Sciences segment are the same in Q4 as they were in Q3 and with the exception of China. But – and we expect Diagnostics and Genomics to be better because they don’t have the ExoTRU in it next year. But again, it’s only in total about 25% of our business. So the incremental China and the lack of ExoTRU is what, gets to the overall company growth rate from, call it, 3% to hopefully north of 7%.
Jim Hippel: I mean obviously at some point, they start to run out of inventory. So we’re trying to model that again when we think that will happen, and we do think at some point in the first half of fiscal 2024, along with their sales continue – as long as they continue to have sales they’re going to need to restock and for more inventory.
