James T. Hippel - Bio: Thank you and good morning. Thanks for joining us today. On the call with me this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations about the company's future results. The company's 10-K for fiscal year 2017 identifies certain factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements made during this call. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the company's other SEC filings are available on the company's website within its Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the company's press release issued earlier this morning on the Bio-Techne Corporation website at www.bio-techne.com. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck.
James T. Hippel - Bio: No. I think Chuck's exactly right. Between the $1 million bonus we gave our employees and the deleveraging and bad product mix we had in our Diagnostics business, those two things alone cost us easily 1.5 of margin. So I think we would have had just definitely better margin without those two occurrences. But I think the bonus was the right thing to do and it won't – obviously that won't be in the results going forward. And we do expect the Diagnostics mix to improve. So...
James T. Hippel - Bio: Well, I would say, ACD from a margin perspective is that there – as we mentioned last quarter where they broke into double-digit operating margin for the first time, they continued that streak in Q2 and continue to sequentially increase our margins as well. So, we're still in the low- to mid-teens on the operating margin line. But again, with that very high growth of 40%-plus that caused that pretty – a pretty diverse mix impact within the division of Biotech.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Or even half of the mix then, but they – we just – as I mentioned before, we were hiring, training as best we can, but it's a technical platform and so it takes special people. And this is a global issue now, with the growth targets everywhere, and it's not that small anymore. So, it takes a lot of investment. We're trying to feed it that – as long as we can feed it and stay north of 30%, 35%, we're pretty happy. Staying north of 40%, we're really, really happy. So...
James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah. Thanks for noticing that. We've actually put a lot of effort over the past year in focusing particularly on the receivables side of net working capital and bringing those balances down and getting our DSOs down. So – and you're right, we've seen some very nice improvement there over the past year. I think we're at a point now where we probably were a couple years ago. And I think the rate of improvement will probably decrease, but I can tell you, internally we're laser-focused on collections and making sure our terms stay within commercial – reasonable term lengths of time. So, I would – I'd model flat to slightly down, but not the kind of improvement you saw the past year.
James T. Hippel - Bio: There will be big improvements in the coming couple of years I think on how we manage our inventory and how we'll be able to process. This is still fairly lean (48:40) organization. I'm talking about the BTD, the Biotech Division where we have 40,000 products that we make and sell in this division alone and mostly in little tubes. And we don't have a lot of limbs in place yet. We don't have a lot of barcoding. We don't have a lot of – or any RFID. There's a lot of things and steps we can do yet I think in – further improve our turns and our – our visibility of what we have. So, that's all yet to come – and save money. I mean, there's (49:07) productivity yet to come.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, one nice thing about this quarter was, we had 33% growth, it was really good everywhere. So, we had accelerated growth really in all our major platforms. The Starwood has become Simple Plex and that I would just say it's writing into the curve of acceptance and with really all the major pharmas now having it, and it's four years into the – with Roche as an example. So, 200% growth, and it's certainly not a small base anymore. So, I think it's running roughly 20 or so machines per quarter. And remember, this thing really choose the consumables, right, it's a closed system so it's a 60%, 70%, 80% type of attach rate for consumables revenue. Biologics was probably still the biggest overall contributor, kind of remaining where it's been, and then Simple Western had a wonderful quarter, better than usual. We've talked about Simple Western being strong double-digits, but it was – this quarter was one with over 20%. So, really picking up some steam, which was nice to see. We had a lot of big box orders this quarter too which helped some of that, but it's also nice to see a lot of big box orders. And that's still a strong platform. So, all-in-all, very distributed. I would say, still more on the BioPharma side, strength-wise in academia side but strong growth in academia and really in all fronts, some NIH in the U.S. but also Europe was strong as well. So I mean we've been promising 15% or better and going forward and we've had 20% or so over the last quite a few quarters. To get over 30% when this is over $100 million run rate business, from our point of view, it's just phenomenal so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, at the macro level, we've been talking about a drift more towards BioPharma from academia by the numbers for quite some time. The U.S. NIH portion of the company's revenue is less than 15%. In the U.S. portion now, we've actually drifted down to 35% to 65% academia versus BioPharma. So that's a big shift from few years ago. NIH is strong still. We've not heard any real warning signs or any real drift from that type of thinking, but it's not the end of February. We know things have got to flush out, and there'll be new discussion. We'll see after this week in the market, but right now, it's going to be pretty (24:58) probably. But no warning signs yet. I foresee kind of stable academic funding for the foreseeable future anyway. I don't think it's going to be double digit. But these nice add-ons of 5% to 8% or so that Congress has been doing, and I hope continues so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: I think first you got to separate the markets and the trends and that macro level to (26:10) product platforms that we have that are just inflecting. There're just astounding acceptance of these, and they're just in the right place the right time, and they're going to grab more of the share out there because they're hot. They're what the customers want. It's what they've asked for. This is why you bought ProteinSimple. They were a way ahead of the game five, six years ago. ACD, the same story, and they hit a real need, and that need is developing itself into real market acceptance and taking share. So, layered on top of that, I think, is just a strong market. And I think our BioPharma, I'd say awareness is just increasing. People know who Bio-Techne now is after four years. We have a much stronger commercial presence. We have a much stronger commercial presence at tradeshows, publications. It's regional not just U.S., and we're just, I think, getting to a, call it, a bit of a critical mass factor that it's affecting the size of this company where it's starting to really get some extra traction and you can see our liquidity is still small. Still long way to go, but in terms of the products and the markets we serve which are vast, right, we are definitely a complicated little company still in my opinion with many, many markets to serve. And so, there's a lot of runway in all of them, to be honest. I would say to your last part primarily, we still serve oncology research more than anything else...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: In immunology, some neuroscience, those are the big hitters for us and those are all strong areas right now.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, the Diagnostic component is still under a couple of million. So, it's just getting started. We're depending on partners for that. We don't have the army we need for a regulated type of marketplace, not yet anyway. And the traditional IHC area, the pathology that we're addressing with ACD is an early innings. And this is $1.5 billion kind of marketplace. So, you talk about everything we serve there. So, we've talked about the growth continuing at north of 35%. Here we go another quarter well north of 40%. And it's not so small anymore, it's a $50 million run rate business going forward here, and we expect it to continue growing very strong for quite some time, and share, we're still well under 10% (29:05). And I think what speaks to the credibility and why there is still so much possibility is look at the publication count, and it's more than one a day now over a thousand. Everybody is using this stuff and they simply want to show off how great it is. And it's just getting more and more awareness and there's a long way to go. We had very strong results as you saw in the numbers. Again, we really couldn't hire enough. We can't assimilate enough investment to actually warrant even more growth. So we're kind of at the limit you can handle. And that's why you see profitability actually increasing ahead of schedule, and yet we're still are over 40% growth. So, we think it will – we're not going to promise 40%. We've been promising 30% or 35% or better, I think, for next year, so it should be in that range, at least. Drops under 30%, something's wrong, shouldn't be that. So, that's our point of view. We see this as a $200 million plus business in three years out or so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Short term, Phase 1 and Phase 3 search application, the synergy of short term are taking this thing outside the U.S. So, we have great channels we can sell with our current channels. It was really a small, insulated company, family-owned from different continent even, so not a lot of oversight. So, we think we really can do a lot with this. We're already seeing with Trevigen the same story unfolds there, and we can take this portfolio within our current reagents portfolio on the road and get into Asia and Europe and other places. So, as we go further with that and build more critical mass, it's not a very large business, I think your point is well taken, and we'll be going much more towards those other areas as well. So, there's a lot of, as you know, all the media manufacturers and we sell everywhere – they're customers, we sell our (31:10) a lot of spots. And so, we have the ability actually to offer a very differentiated product line, if you give us a few years here.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: That's a good question. I would guess, I don't have it in front of me, it was a double-digit kind of quarter, which is very rare now for us and something that I won't really repeat regularly by the way, it's just kind of timing for us, for big box. And I would say half and half. I would say about half the customers probably already had one are expanding and probably the other ones were new. There were a lot of new accounts actually and when you need throughput, you want to go to big box. I'll step out here and talk about one key customer is Roche. They have been, obviously, a big facility in Basel and they centralized core lab all their Westerns. And it used to take a week of a team to do the Western for the site, and they do it really with a single person doing it overnight on big boxes now. And they've been expanding because – and they'll never go back and they have become a nice advocate for the technology and probably a super user for us. They know how to use this technology really better than anybody. And so, it's just more of that I think and you'll see more of that.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: We're hearing more and more of that. I think that's part of the strategy going forward. It's such a big diverse pond doing Western. The way people do them vary across – it's very diverse in academia especially. So, I think attacking Biotech and cell culture and to new uses is really a nice area for us. And clearly, it makes sense because when you have an automated platform that has reproducible results, if you take the human error out of the whole process it's where people need to go. If you want to do really good science and you want to do BioPharma related science, and you really got to have process and paper trails to everything you do. You really want to have a tool like this that automates (34:03). We've always thought that and quite frankly it's grown even slower than we thought because quite frankly (34:09) different. It's just not as easy fall off the table process as you think. Reproducibility is key and you don't get reproducibility when you do them by hand and sooner or later the world's going to figure that out, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well first, I'll address the one. One is, yeah, there was a deal closing final milestone in the arrangement and that was the $100 million of revenue in 2020. Of course we had to wait about three years for dollar revenue one. So, I've put that behind the curve. So even right now at our current rate, if we continue at a 200% growth per quarter for the next two years, we would not hit that $100 million, but we would be a lot bigger. It'd be really nice to see. Hard to see us growing that much that fast, that long. But I don't see this platform as a $200 million platform like ACD and Protein Platforms, but it has the legs to get to $100 million as a platform, but I think it would take beyond 2020. And it will remain very strong growth because there's a lot of acceptance and there's a lot of place with the uses (35:52). And your second question, maybe I'll – Frank (sic) [Bryan], I'm not really up on that.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah, I don't have the press release, the recent press release; it was an application we put out. We'll get back to you on that.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, (36:53) said, we're pretty much ready for this question, expected it from me. We're still on track as an 8% to 12% grower. There's going to be timing. Our second half is definitely tougher than last year. This was an easier comp this quarter but even if you add the two together, it was a very strong quarter for us. Consistent 12%-plus quarters going forward, probably not, but 8% to 12%, in that range is what we're kind of standing behind. As you said, there should be winds in our sail for Diagnostics the second half, and so that will help. In fact, if Diagnostics would even hit plan, have been just on target, this core, which is really low single-digit growth, we'd have had two extra points of organic growth, we would have been 16%, even. So, you have that to layer in. So, we'd like to be able to come out and say we're a consistent 10% grower. I'm not quite sure we're quite there yet. We need a little more credibility. But giving you guys a range of 8% to 12%, I think, is appropriate and we feel very good about that range of 8% to 12% right now for the next two quarters.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, it's probably too early. I think there's been a lot of commentary in the market this week, and most people don't think tax is really baked in anything yet, people – companies are trying to figure out where they fit. We're a fiscal year, so we kind of had to figure it out because we get a blended improvement already this past quarter. A lot of companies are finishing up a calendar year they're just still kind of getting to it now, really. So, I do think you're right though. I think – I predict that it will lay out more available cash, and people put to work, and the M&A will be, I think, a top priority with that. Plus, we got all those cash coming back into the country and it's going put to work. So, I don't think it will be less, I think there will be more M&A. I think there will be more competition and I don't see prices going down. But again, this is life sciences and Biotech, right. There's lots of innovation, there's lots of new companies all the time, there's lots of new areas forming in every couple of years, and there's going to be a lot of interest in new things And I think that's what drives our industry, and it drives what I think other industries would call high prices in life sciences. But look what you can get from it. I mean the things we do change the world in virtually overnight so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. I want to give you a sound bite. I'm going to let Jim take some detail. So we are also ready for this question as well. One, we gave $1 million to the employee base, and otherwise we probably would have been over kind of what people expected, a rein-in (40:25) range. After that, we made a comment about mix. And we had mix. It was definitely OEM-related mix. And of course, the one business where we do see scalable leverage is – because it's real manufacturing and volume matters and that is the Diagnostics area. So, as we talked about, we were the lighter (40:45) this quarter. So without that extra volume, we see a margin hit on that negative leverage. So, Jim might want to comment for it.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: A final comment I'd make too would be – and I noticed this in a lot of results reported. There were a lot of – lots of commenting on mix, especially with respect to Europe. And I think when you have strong results in Europe and of the overhead of duty, tax, freight, and everything else that also can siphon a little bit of margin from you. So, we've had exceptional results in Europe, 20% growth. So, you get that – you get a bit of a little bit of mix hit off of that too because the overhead of selling in the – Europe compared to the U.S. So, we'll take the gross sell (41:53). The growth is worth having, this extra little hit mix, so...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: No. We get asked about this PAMA a lot. We don't see it affecting us a whole lot and we're just not anything big enough in the food chain as there is – really the issue. But no, doesn't affect our business. We don't hear a lot about it either. We don't hear a lot of grumbling about it either to be honest. So, I'm not sure I – and maybe overhyped in general, but...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, we're not going to give an awful lot of color about the details within the division but – and Jim can follow-up on that in a minute here. But I will talk about retention, as this has been probably the best acquisition I've ever done in terms of retention. So, we feel really good right now about the team of leadership going forward, the engagement. Just the morale of really wanting to be a part of Bio-Techne and almost asking ahead of time for this and that when they – typically, you see some resistance doing an integration. We see anything but, this acquisition. The culture there has been phenomenal. The leader, the founder that created this company was really a great guy and really, really was careful in his hiring and they're just – they're just all rock stars. Love them.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: I'll tell you a funny story. So, we – as you know, we have a pretty rigorous process here for prioritizing our business and then that rolls into our plan – our strategic plan. And as part of our strategic plan, we obviously do a five-year outlook. And every business has to – has to foreshadow and build models of what this five-year outlook can look like. And this team was pushing back a little bit on reaching it. The goal that we had for this business when we bought them was 30%. And the achievability of a 30% op margin business in instruments is only so because of the high IP content. This is a high-60s percent growth margin business model. So, unless you're really overdoing it commercially in SG&A, there should be a way to get to 30%. A little bit of pushback. Well, then these guys come back, come in this quarter and pound ahead and give us 21% already. And they're only in a 100 – less than half of where they're going to be, probably a third of where they're going to be five years from now. So there's no doubt in my mind, we're going to get this business to 30% in our op margins. And that is of course, based on continued strength through the IP, and so the pricing of course stays and it stays sound. And we have a very fundamental IP. We feel very good about these solutions. And the traction is there, and it's accelerating due to the things I mentioned earlier. So, I'd say, wait and see. Now, are we pushing it for 25% next quarter? No. They are a good five points ahead of plan right now. They have a little bit of same issue we have with ACD: we do have to keep funding it and keep investing. And we're very focused on investing. The head count in this division will be – by the end of this fiscal year, maybe calendar, would be nearly double what it was when we purchased the company. So there's been a lot of investments and that will continue. It will be hundreds of millions of dollars someday.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: One thing I'll bring up that you guys haven't brought up and that's just the strength of BTD is really something you should notice. I mean, to have a 10% quarter in this division and we have – our Protein Platforms is at north of 15%, 16% growth. It's not happened since I've been here. Our antibodies have always been pretty strong and they remain strong. But our assays and proteins have really, really taken off and done well. The strategies that we had done to go upstream in proteins remain the worldwide leader in this category have really started to prove themselves. And as you know, in terms of gross margin, proteins aren't too bad. So it's an area we want to keep focused on. We seem to be defending our ELISA platform pretty well and still, when you look at the whole assay platform together with Luminex and with our Simple Plex all-in, all our assays, the reason we did these acquisitions to protect or/and defend and have a next-year extension – next-generation extension to ELISA are double digit growth. So, the stuff in the core is really starting to work and that's why you're seeing us get ahead of 10%. It isn't just ACD and PPD: it's BTD as well.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. Sure. About a year-and-a-half ago now, we – three years ago, we bought PrimeGene. We bought PrimeGene to have, really proteins in China, China for China. We built out their factory, made it GMP – it's the only GMP proteins factory in China and really focused on growth and, you know, really going after things like Bio Production, biosimilar development. All the things are going to happen there, cell culture development, et cetera, stem cell, et cetera, and supporting hospitals. And the initial business where all the momentum was back then was in immunotherapeutics (51:23) hospital. A little cultural detail on China: hospitals do their own research; hospitals sell their own therapies. And up until recently, they could do so without any FDA approval. And then somebody died a year-and-a-half ago: and the government cracked down. And this came a year or two after the other crackdowns they had done for corruption. So this isn't really a corruption crackdown: this is more about a process crackdown and giving the CFDA the hooks it was asking for to get in the middle of this. And so, they cut off all the hospitals. They said, you're done: nobody's selling anymore until you get CFDA approval. So, our PrimeGene business literally (51:58) went to zero. And then as they've stepped up and given certifications hospital by hospital, our business has been picking up. Our growth in China now, PrimeGene 20% and overall 30% is more – it's more about annualizing the event, and it's about it all coming back, right? It's going to take years for all that PrimeGene business to come back. We're still focused on having business areas outside of immunotherapeutics in hospitals, that's why you see – that's why you saw 20% growth in PrimeGene. Even though we have very little back yet, I'd say we are 20% back probably on the hospital side for immunotherapeutics. But the core business, the – our new systems branded reagents are going to everything else in China, including bioprocessing has been on a tear and it's still on a tear at 30% So, they are a little bit separate. The whole thing obviously is a portfolio, and we want to keep pounding on China for China and biosimilars, bioprocessing, et cetera and things that are leading to infectious disease solutions and vaccines. Vaccine growth in China is nothing short of spectacular. So, it's where we want to be focusing on. The business for the company was roughly $12 million to $14 million when I joined and it's north of $40 million now. So, good growth, but not that big yet. We got a long way to go in China. So, we see a 25% growth in China, I would like to say, forever, so...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, it's not to take over Gibco tomorrow or anything like that. We sell growth factors to virtually everybody in this segment and in Bio Production in general and you know that. But we're kind of downstream quite a ways, right? So, we're trying to increase our critical mass. We even sell some very nichey stem cell media and quite a few different offerings. And so we've been dancing around this area for quite some time. We did take a shot at buying HyClone a few years ago in fact. So, we know it fits, we know our brand fits, we know how to deal with it. We have a lot of experts in-house in it. And the whole franchise of cell culture is something that's very strategic to us. So, both Trevigen and Atlanta makes sense. They were done with very nice multiples, very nice deals. The ownership loved our company and we had great relationships, so we were able to really walk away with something really nice. And the synergies go well beyond the U.S. very quickly. So, as I mentioned, phase one is to really extend these product offerings within our total bag with our current salespeople and our – to our contacts, those customers overseas, Asia in particular. And as we grow this platform, we're going to get more and more into this space, especially obviously in China and potentially India, so...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, wasn't a strategy, was Yuling's decision. I always expect a founder to leave, usually within the first year. We had contracted, where – agree with Yuling, he'd stay on at least a year-and-a-half, maybe two years full time and run the business. And he also wanted to see what he could do under me and my team's leadership of learning a little more about running and growing a business from a start-up into a real business. I've been (55:57) we plan on making ACD a Division next summer and it still has the growth and size to do that. In this timeframe, Yuling has been great. Yuling has decided that, nice experience that – and he walked away with quite a bit of pocket change in this deal and he's decided to look at being in the VC world and other things, but also keep his hands in this with us and help us. So he's contracted as a consultant – at least for the next year, maybe hopefully longer, we'll see. And working on next-generation roadmap product ideas. And that's where his focus is. He hasn't been the day-to-day on the current products and commercial operations really for quite some time actually, so...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: He's – at the end of the day, he's a scientist. He is a very creative scientist and – they tend to get bored. And the new leadership has been there, right. He's been Head of Commercial. This is – Tom O'Lenic is the guy who – he was in Molecular Devices, he actually ran Molecular Devices for a short time as well, known by everybody in the industry, commercially, and he's the right guy. The team wants him. He's got the – he's very strong technically as well – at least compared to me anyway, and we're just ecstatic that he's staying on and assume the reins of the overall organization. Using him (57:22) great and so is using (57:25) pick as well. So, as I mentioned earlier, probably the smoothest transition and integration I've really ever had for me (57:32).
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, that's great. We actually went the whole hour. I think that's a first. So, anyway thanks everybody for listening in and good luck with today in the market. We'll talk to you soon. Bye.
