James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah. Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations of the company's future results. The company's 10-K for fiscal year 2017 identifies certain factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements made during this call. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the company's other SEC filings are available on the company's website within its Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the company's press release issued earlier this morning under the Bio-Techne Corporation website, at www.bio-techne.com. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah. I'd just add that, what small hit there might be to the gross margin, the scale of that business will still help expand the overall operating margin over time.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah. On the margin side, so the San Marcos business that Chuck referred to, our Diagnostic component piece of our business being the lumpiest, but it also has the highest contribution margin of our four major pieces of that business. And so, when there's a high shipment quarter, you get some great pull-through from that. When there's a lower one, you suffer from it. So, hence the lumpiness in the margins kind of follow the lumpiness of that piece of the business. So how I would think about the margin in general is how they were for all of last year. That's how they should pretty much play out by the end of this year, as those orders move out throughout the rest of the quarter.
James T. Hippel - Bio: About $0.5 million and it's largely academia. We don't have the exposure in Puerto Rico like a fair amount of other people do. It's largely academic. But between Harvey and Irma in Puerto Rico, all told, about $0.5 million, so. And it's run rate stuff we lost at the bench, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Sure, Puneet. Thanks for the question. So we've had a pretty strong year for going on a year now before really there's any other companies kind of reporting on it. So they're a little bit catching up there. So we've continued to see it. We've classified it as due to execution. We did a lot of changes a little over a year ago and they're really paying off. We have a full subsidiary model in place. We bought out our Southern distributor, allowed us to really work other countries, Spain and others included, and to get the divisions working together, a lot of cross-selling, a lot of cross-learning together. And so now we've grown, I guess, the sales force about double. And when you consider ACD now coming on top of that, it'll be more improved. I think overlaying all that is we had timing kind of go our way with Biopharma going on a-year-and-a-half, two years ago, mainly Germany, and that remains strong. So, with good project timing, good assay sales, where we have more erosion with ELISA here in the U.S., we're very strong in Europe still. I think there are strong results in both our reagents business there and core antibodies in particular. Our Novus is over 30% growth there. And then, the Protein Platforms is a 30% grower, is kind of a new business there in Europe. It all adds up to double-digit, teens growth. And we see that going forward at least for the foreseeable future to be honest, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: So it's largely still RNA scope of the product. Now we have a deal with an HPV improved assay with Leica, and Leica is motivated and out-selling, but it's still very small in terms of the mix. Going forward, as it grows and we make this platform into a companion diagnostic, margins will remain very strong. It's an 80% gross margin business overall. But I don't think – it's hard to really analyze right now how much lower it'll be than the current business, but not very far off, we don't think.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, we think it's very sustainable going forward. So, and as you pointed out, this next quarter is our weakest comp all year, so looking for a good one with them. But 25% this quarter, we're elated with it. Where it's coming from? It's broad-based, it's Biopharma as well as academia. The Biologics area is still a 30% grower, doing really well business. Nice to see the Milo, the Single-Cell platform, starting to take off finally, 100% growth but on a very small base. And Simple Plex also over 100%, and starting to be less than us – starting to grow and not be so small anymore. So we're on track there. And I think a nice surprise was we had probably the best quarter in a while with our Simple Western and consumable-driven. So we have a low-double-digit growth in the platform but over 20% overall growth in the category because consumables are really doing well. And that simply means that people are using the machines, and we love that, so. Once you go Simple Western, you don't go back to the hand and methodology. So, very exciting to see that all four platforms are growing extremely well. And to your point, I see no reason why we shouldn't be at 20%-plus grower for the foreseeable future.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: All right. First on – there's four different platforms in that division and they are virtually all on plan for this quarter for us. Now, we have some continued lumpiness of some accounts. We have one big account that's of almost $1 million. It's just delayed. And it's not with the San Marcos business, which was the usual situation. They are actually on plan. Jim and I were just looking over numbers before the call just to see – we had 19% quarter last year, it was a pretty good quarter. And we weren't particularly strong in a couple of segments. We were wondering just how strong San Marcos was and they're up 77%. So it's a pretty tough comp for them this quarter to be going against 77% growth. So, that kind of explains that. So, overall, we see San Marcos looking better. It was a tough fiscal year last year, definitely a better one this year. The pipeline – the reasons we bought these assets are starting to deliver and we see more filling. We are adding people both in Europe and Asia now and actually start taking the division into those subsidiaries. It's been kind of a U.S.-centric OEM model and there's more we can do in Europe, in Asia and now Americas, coming up here in the coming couple of weeks here in Europe. And we go over there and do a lot of pipe filling for deals, and we'll have better support and more people than ever this year. So we're kind of all about growing this category in Europe this coming year. And the big accounts that we've talked about supporting this business are really kind of get it back on track. So, mid-single digit growth this year is where we see it and where we expect it to be, and I think it'll be a better year than last year. And then I'm going to have Jim comment on the margin profile going forward.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Great question. And we've been focused in Japan for really a couple years now. We've had dismal results, but we're not the only one. So, having that come back roaring back at 22% we're pretty happy about, and it's really broad-based. First of all, we had a lot of execution help because we've been struggling in the last couple of years of really rationalizing our distributor network there. And you know the Japanese model, master distributors working down to many hundreds of dealers, sub-dealers, and that's how the model works there. And you can have them fighting each other a little too much. So we have that rationalization kind of done this last year and that's now starting to pay off. And then second, finally, long last that we do – it does appear that funding is being more released in Japan and it's finding its way to us as well as everyone else. We have great instrument products. Our instrument business is doing extremely well there in Japan, helping bolster the whole category, whole company at the 20-plus-percent this quarter. So we hope that continues now. But a nice move in our reagents business as well and I think it's a combination of execution and the market there.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. And we've talked about that. Now we think it's somewhere between $60 million and $80 million that we could consider bio-production. Now the good news for us is that the far majority of our bio-production, our instruments that go into the Biologics area, and being it's a hot new product area, we're ramping up. We're not seeing the softness others are reporting on. Maybe we'll later. But I know our growth rates in Biologics is as strong as ever, actually accelerating and the consumables picking up behind that as we build more of an installed base. So, feel pretty good for us. We're nichey in medias and in the areas too, and for us, it's just not that big, where it's not that big a deal. So we're kind of steady as she goes.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, I think, getting back to Europe again, the synergies are working. We have low-teens growth in Europe, which is pretty outstanding for anyone these days, and it's coming from synergies. I think it's giving us 3, 4 full points of extra growth to be honest. The teams are working together and cross-selling and it's working. Our thesis of $850 million and 41% is on track, all I can tell you right now. We hope to blow it away though, because we will sometime in the next – I think we've got four years to go against the remarks we made a year ago here in New York and, in four years, I assume we'll have some acquisition. So, hopefully, we'll be ahead of that. But if we don't do anything else, $850 million is our number, is our goal, and I think we're on track.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. I agree with you on that dichotomy for sure. Well, given we're going up against our weakest quarter last year, we probably won't get that confused with any budget flushing. We should do pretty well hopefully. We always hope for a budget flush, especially with our instrument division, PPD. That could happen. On the Biotech division, we seem to have – it can be up or down, we don't generally have always a strong end-of-calendar-year finish, but last year we didn't and so I'm hoping for a better one this year. And then your comments on pharma, we actually put comments in our transcript about a positive trend in Biopharma. We were probably weaker a year ago due to project timing and we see a modest improvement. I only can say, it's back to where the strength was two years ago. But others have commented on this as well, but we're doing okay. I think our numbers are proving itself as well, so. Hopefully, it continues. Now, if there's further consolidation in pharma in the U.S., it'll be an issue obviously, and there's more rumors flying this morning on the press, right? But so far, so good for us.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Okay. Well, we're nowhere near fully built up, and we're ramping. So we were roughly 80 people or so when we bought that company, and we're now crossing – it depends on every week we're hiring. I think, as of the quarter-end officially a month ago, I think we were around 150 to 160 in that range. And commercial is roughly 20-ish in Europe and 25-ish in the U.S. But probably consider that we're probably going to add 20%, 30% to that every year. And we're just starting to get on Asia now until we have a smattering of people there, so. It's getting pretty well built and it's a good team, led by experienced people. We'll finish out their milestone end of the calendar year here and we have plans in place with the entire team and we don't actually see any real issues in moving forward with that exact team. So we're pretty hopeful. They're all pretty jazzed, they're pretty excited. I would have to say also in terms of we've done 10 different acquisitions in the time I've been here and this one probably is the most advanced in terms of a team embracing and wanting to be part of Bio-Techne and ready to get at it. Having to have them wait for 18 months while they sought (36:35) a milestone has been challenging actually to be honest. They want to get on with it. They're demanding their T-shirts.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Another question I expected. So it actually did pretty well. But we're in the middle of finalizing negotiations for an extension. So they always do better then, right? So it's just one of those. To be honest, the teams have probably not gotten along as well as they have now in a couple of years. I think I mentioned the last quarter, things were improving with them. We had pretty good numbers and that again happened this quarter. There's always the issue of slop and how does that go up against our core business as they take on more and more of the channel. We're getting better and better at measuring that. But we're also working more and more closely together. The leadership of the divisions are good personal friends. As you know, Jim and I and others, we have worked there at one time. So there's no reason we can't get along. And we're very hopeful. So I think we'll have our extensions signed here soon. And it's good and fair terms for both of us as we grow the business. So, again, I'm not interested in building an army here in the U.S. I mean, I think there's nothing wrong with having this channel partner. They're really paid for growth. They don't take an exorbitant amount. They're very good at what they do. They have great technical people that we train and it's a good value to our business. Should it ever stop being of value, then we'll take it on ourselves. But they do have a commanding force out there, and they really in terms academia which we focused on, they really are in a pretty good spot with the procurement offices of other university states. So, to go against them is also a challenging front. Not that we couldn't do it, but there's no reason to worry about it for now, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. As you remember, when I started we had zero sales people in the U.S. in this company, and we have now over 20 in the U.S. So we're supplementing, helping them quite a lot. And that's not just for our core business, but it's also because we're getting stronger in bio-production, we're getting stronger in cell culture. We need to have assay specialists out there because our multiplex and our assay strategy in our portfolio is getting larger. And so we're just getting bigger and we have to supplement a lot of areas where they don't have a lot of stuff, so. If we needed to go along without them, we'd probably need 100 people, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, that's a great memory, Matt. And that was a learning we found 18 months to two years in when we saw our numbers softening and that they had a very high turnover, their technical service people that we depend on. They've since corrected that, really going on two years ago, and we now have a process in place that we do more than once a year to update training, and in webinars and different things, and they're virtually still at full strength. So this is something we watch very carefully. And we do tie things together. So there are commitments where we have to have people working together in the field, et cetera, and co-play days. So we've done all those kinds of things as well. But we rely mostly on the technical people, not on the 600-plus walking army out there that are more order-taking and account-refresh people out there. So we're a very large technical sale (40:50) that's our issue.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: I think, in Japan, it's for sure some pent-up demand, has to be. And in China, we're coming off that comps of this immunoassay area of this Baidu scandal, and that's getting behind us, so. It's one reason the number will start getting better just because the comps are behind us. I don't think there's any pent-up demand. I think it's just continued strong demand in China. I just returned from a very extensive trip there in Hangzhou as well as other big cities, and the demand is amazing, I think just simply amazing, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. I don't know if they're – I mean they're different companies. I think it comes down to the fact that you've got companies like Bayer and stuff for there that are largely European versus the Mercks and Pfizers over here, et cetera. I think you do see consolidation. Novartis did a lot of consolidating and GSK as well, and they've got sites here. So I don't know how much dichotomy there should be. And we're just not that big to be honest, compared to a lot of the bigger players in our industry. And we're not that large in bio-tech in the U.S., whereas in Europe there's a lot of biotech. There's a lot of mid-size biotech companies in Europe that we play to. And in the U.S., we're not really like that. So I think that's probably the biggest difference.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. Well, it's a much more balanced business than the PPD division that was just ProteinSimple, because we have the CyVek platform Simple Plex in there and that's growing 100-plus-percent. And we have the Single-Cell Milo, which we purchased, which is also growing over 100%. But the two major platforms of which we bought ProteinSimple, Simple Western and the Biologics are both growing well north of 20% and accelerating. This is the best quarter we've had in a while, where we've had, as Jim said, seven or eight quarters I think that we're over 20%. I think this quarter coming up was a mid-teens quarter, and that's the lowest quarter we've had in over two years with these guys. Three years ago, we had to fix some things there, as you remember, but I think it's mission accomplished. So, as I mentioned earlier, Paul, I don't expect anything less than 20% moving forward. But 15% is on record, 15% should be safe. But things look pretty good, should be 20-ish. If it isn't 20%, we'll be looking to ask why and doing what we do to try to manage for better execution. So the team is solid. We haven't had any turnover in probably three years now at least. Got strong leaders, they're in great shape. The executives there are firmly on the team here for overall Bio-Techne and we have three divisions and the leader is as much a leader of the company as he is that division and the strong team behind it. And as you know, we have other great operational leaders that come from our network that have worked with us in the past in places like Thermo and 3M and other places, and it's all going pretty well. Commercially, I'm very happy. We didn't talk about that much, but the Biotech division was working very closely with PPD on the commercial front. So we have a lot of cross-selling going on. And as I mentioned earlier, we have 20 reps in Biotech and they are definitely helping support the PPD reps out there. And they're selling solutions, not just pieces of iron and vials, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: I wouldn't say that. I'd say, as a trend for the year, it's been better. So it's improving, but there isn't any inflection I wouldn't say.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: I mean, and to follow on that, a lot of it's – I think we talked last quarter about we're starting to see NIH funding, and I think that's part of it. It's continued and we're not the only ones talking this quarter, everyone is talking about improved NIH funding and affecting numbers. And we see it and it's showing up in our numbers as well obviously, so.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: All right. Well, a great quarter, and we hope it's the first of the four this year. So, thanks for the call today. We'll talk to you next quarter. Bye.
