James T. Hippel - Bio: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations of the company's future results. The company's 10-K for fiscal year 2017 identifies certain factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements made during this call. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K, as well as the company's other SEC filings are available on the company's website within Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the company's press release issued earlier this morning on the Bio-Techne Corporation website, www.bio-techne.com. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Actually I'll start from my comments, Dan. So the comment which you're referring to our core business excluding ACD, so the 6% organic growth that we experienced here in fiscal year 2017 is on par with what we expect with our core business going forward excluding ACD. And then ACD a couple of percentage points of growth on top of that.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah, Puneet. This is Jim. Just one more thing I'll mention, because others obviously listen to lot of our peer calls as well and let me make sure you parcel out and look at the academic growth is whether talking about on a global basis or whether talking about on a U.S. basis. On a global basis, we are solid single mid-digits. Europe is performing very well in academia for us. U.S. is a little bit softer. But I know some of our peers talk about it on a global basis, not necessarily on U.S. basis, so just something to keep in mind.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah. I mean, really now and I'll add – we've mentioned this point before is that the academic portion of our business that's strictly U.S. related on a global basis, total company revenue basis, it's about 15% of our total revenues. So it has become a much smaller peak dynamic for us. And, yeah, I think we're hearing from our commercial teams out in the field is that the mood is not as negative as it perhaps was in terms of pessimistic about what future funding might look like. I haven't seen it come through yet in big dollars or orders. But one of the items we look at are some of the smaller customers we have that are truly government agencies as opposed to academic institutions that perhaps take longer to see the funds or get the grants approved. And those specific government agencies did see a nice uptick this last quarter. So we're hoping that's kind of a forecast for what we'll see in broader academic going forward. I cut you off, so keep going.
James T. Hippel - Bio: We're seeing relief already. It's – as I mentioned last quarter, we were over there. We met with them actually, and kind of got a good view on just how they look at this, how serious is it, how are they dealing with it, what's their manpower like to deal because there's a lot of hospitals in China that were in the business of immunotherapeutics, and then in selling online, even and advertising for it. So they're grinding through it. They increased their resources to dealing with it. And they are starting to trickle out now and so certifications are happening, so our business is coming back. But it's going to take couple of years. It's not going to be over anytime soon. I think the biggest issue for us is it will be annualized – the hit will be annualized out of our numbers here going forward. And with the strong growth in rest of our business, we'll start seeing good growth rate numbers, and then we'll pick up that piece. We're also focusing PrimeGene on more than just that category for China, there is lot other areas to focus on as a fighter brand there for customers and many customers don't want to [roll] the full cost and quality of R&D Systems brand, and then there is an OEM component to the business global that we use that factory for and it is a GMP factory. It's a beautiful factory and we're going to work on keeping it full. So there is really three components to – when you're building that business back, where immunotherapeutics locally changes one of them, okay.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Yeah. I mean, we said all this year that the immediate impact of ACD is going to be quite severe to our margins, and then we clawed ourselves back throughout the back half of the year, which we did. And now going forward from here, it's kind of – a lot is in our base line and so ACD is still going to require a lot of investment to fuel 40% type kind of growth. That doesn't just happen without a lot of investment typically in the commercial resource side. They've got a lot of runway ahead of them geographically and expanding their markets. So that's going to require lot of investment. We do expect it will be profitable. It will be modestly profitable. But when you see where the heavy growth is coming from, which is on the ACD side, to a lesser extent, there's still solid growth on our Protein Platforms segment, they still have by far the lowest operating margin profile of our three segments. And thus you have a negative mix headwind when you blend it all together, and that's what we expect to see going forward at least for the immediate year.
James T. Hippel - Bio: Okay. Well, thank you all for attending. It was a great quarter ending a great year for us. We were equally as excited about this coming year and we're down here midway into the first quarter. So we're back on top of that, and we'll talk to you again soon. Thank you.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Jim also referenced, there could be some minor shifts up or down. We've got a scale issue that's getting bigger PPD, so it might be a few points off. We've been averaging almost near mid-20s lately. So we're not promising that in PPD. And Diagnostics should be – could be little higher. We've got a pretty good full pipeline of things coming in. We're expecting a solid year with this entry of the PARATEST, to be honest. So a little bit of shifting, but the overall net-net grew, we're guiding really to – our soft guidance was like last year 6%, total 8%, and that's if ACD stays at 40% or better, which we right now think it should. So...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yes and yes. So number one and always, in an acquisition like an ACD – remember, we're finishing our earn-out through the end of this calendar year – it's all about team and team and team. So we need to keep that team, keep them happy, keep them motivated, and keep priming the pump. So we are fuelling them. They are still investing. They are increasing their head count significantly. It is a commercial model. We've talked a lot about. It is not the – the kid business is not as profitable as our overall proteins business, for example, because you need a lot more commercial activity, because you're dealing with pathologists. And it's a mix between academic and Biopharma, with I would say the trending towards the Biopharma in terms of momentum. So that thesis is in place. We also don't think we have the same kind of issue in terms of early adopters we did with ProteinSimple around the Western blot. It is much more balanced. It's a huge market. There are a lot of pathologists out there. They do all kind of – act as a bit of a club, so it's a little more uniform than I think we followed the academia around Western blot as an example. So we think that thesis stays strong as or better and there is more coming on top of all the purchases in the Diagnostics segment with the Leica relationship, and then we're not done there too. We're also chasing the other big automation players, and we do think we'll have a nice diagnostic standard here over the coming years as well. Protein Platforms, it's becoming nicely diversified. It's not a one trick pony anymore. It wasn't really purchased for Simple Western. Biologics is actually a larger business. They're all growing double-digit. Biologic growing strong double-digit. Simple Plex is coming up fast. It's 100% growth the last two quarters, 70% or so annualized. We see that continuing. It will become more material this coming year, and we like that. The Milo platform is starting to pick up some steam as – it was never meant to be a big part of the business, but it is definitely accelerating. So we see a consistent 15% to 20% as well for PPD. It could be better. It all really depends on how strong bioprocessing stays out there, which everybody thinks it will and biologics remaining strong. I do think that the Simple Western will get better and better over time. It's a tough nut to crack to create a new standard out there around Western blotting. It's a $1 billion opportunity and we do see things accelerating. I could say – tell you that we did have an increase in our consumables, our attach rate this last quarter or two, and so we like to see that. So there is much more acceptance of the platform, but there's still focus on it.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, we'll see China improving. The R&D Systems brand, the core brands have always remained strong, but the "China for China" strategy was in a large part due to PrimeGene because we'd already bought it. And with that CFDA crackdown, we went from some material base business in China to virtually zero. That's coming back now, and it's out of our numbers going forward the next quarter. So you'll see overall organic rates improving significantly for the whole China business, but they're going to remain above 20%, 25% in our core brands, and I still hope to actually improve them even further, given the other things we're doing there. And bringing more Diagnostics division products in as well, more and more governance there, expanding into more territories. We're expanding into Beijing. So we're – it's still an expanding model as a business unit. And I would say we're not even halfway through what we're going to do with China, so...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, first focusing on bioprocessing and Biologics. We've been watching our other peers announcing and we're really mystified as well, because we're seeing amazing strength yet in the Biologics space. It could be a lot due to the – we still are seeing a lot of momentum and taking share with our latest platform in the iCE category, with the Maurice platform. And I think that's a big part of it. As I mentioned, we have some customers with as many as 100 instruments. So it is the only part of our business in the company to actually – it actually supports production in Biopharma. So there is a lot of big scale potential. So as these large companies decide to change out their old platforms, and then stay with the spec of our platform, there's a lot of big upside and we're seeing that. So it's very, very strong double-digit growth. And we've tempered that as much as I say we can here looking forward, but we don't see any real negativity yet. And we are hearing there's a softening in other places as well, but we've not seen it here and I do think it's probably a testimony to the strong share-taking ability of the Maurice platform, because it could handle charge and size, and so it's a direct competitor to some other big guys out there. First time we've had that and it's just really good product.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: And in terms of Western, I think I mentioned already. It's a slower ramp. We're getting there. It's double digits and what I like – I think the biggest thing to watch, and we watch is the consumable's attach rate. So it's becoming more and more [used] that we sold them, because remember we're still selling a lot in the academia, as well as Biopharma. In those academia, those are the ones you got to watch, make sure they are using them. So that's happening. We like the improvement and we are double-digit growth. The West is – I don't have the fun fact number, but we're well north of, I think, 600 or so placements. So on our way to a first 1,000 here probably this coming year easily.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah, I don't think we're saying that. So we were mid-single digits for the year. It was a little softer this quarter, but it bounces around a bit. We're actually seeing some strong growth. I think we are seeing some triple [through] from NIH. I think other companies have mentioned it now, even Thermo. We also had a best quarter in probably six, seven quarters of Fisher. So that's also looking pretty nice. So I'm pretty bullish overall really. I think what you're – we try to mention that the offset from PrimeGene and some of the OEMs and the timing there also kind of negates from the overall Biotech number. Clearly, you are going to see that kind of bounce around, but we're still bullish on mid-single-digit growth this coming year in the segment. That's all we need. I remember, four years ago coming into this company, we were double-digit negative in academia and shrinking quickly for a lot of reasons, and that's been corrected for years now. And low single-digit overall academia has all ever been our growth and the remaining high single-digit Biopharma, and we're seeing the mix continue in that kind of range.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, the visibility is as much as – they're in an earn-out, but we definitely govern them and there is a lot of process. They are increasing their head count significantly in their commercial, which is really where the increased sales come from, and then we're really ramping with Leice, the Diagnostics platform. So it is still largely a research business model with probably the bigger growth, probably next year, not this year, coming off of Diagnostics. So a lot of growth all the way through going forward, because again this is $1 billion space, and we see the market is a tighter market than like Western blot, because we're really going after pathologists as a class of customers, and the take-up is very strong. I would say it's – we had a 60% quarter last quarter. This quarter is still over 50%, and overall sort of a 6% year. We're not seeing any slowdown yet. We're just saying we're not promising more than 40%. We're not seeing an acceleration either. I think the take-up is about as good as we can feed the beast, so to speak, with additional commercial resources. And you can go too fast in this, and we're trying to caution and we're involved really at all levels, and with leadership and with compensation. And this is a Silicon Valley based business unit, of course, so you've got to mind too, there are other companies out there that buy for talent, as you know. So it's what we do. We're operators, so we're operating.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Well, Fisher is a complicated animal, and we know it well, obviously, from our background, and the leadership are good friends of us here personally as well, so we're all trying. Of course, so you're talking about a model that has dozens and dozens of reps in the field and how do we support them the right way, how to keep them focused on academia versus Biopharma, where we're already strong, how to keep their technical specialists really up-to-date and trained as they have turnover. These have all been issues the last couple of years. And I would say we really dug in hard. I think I mentioned this last quarter, we were digging hard on those issues, especially training, and it's kind of paid off. They had a solid upper mid-single-digit growth quarter for us, and I hope it continues. We are extending the relationship, but of course, there are metrics they must meet to continue that, and they are, if anything, drifting towards being more of a competitor with their acquisitions via Thermo Fisher, so it's something we have to watch. It's not as carefree and friendly as it was four years ago when they didn't own and they didn't own Life Tech, of course. So it is what it is, but we firsthand know that the firewall there is real and that they take it very seriously, and we believe in them and we are – we do have processes in place where reps must work together in the field and support each other and that works and it is working, and I think that's been one of the improvements in the quarter, things that have improved. Overall, at a high level, they're just more attention and focused. They don't want to lose us. We've become a pretty big customer of theirs overall, and I'd like to see it continuing work, plain and simple. We would like to focus more on Biopharma and really let them focus on academia for us, because they've got the army we don't.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: It's a great question. I was hoping that somebody would ask this one. So we've had – we had a really great year and quarter in antibodies. We attribute a lot of it to – most of it to our website overhaul, where we're getting double-digit traffic increases. This is largely a search engine kind of a model, and when you're dealing with couple hundred thousand products like we are, it's important really to be careful. Novus has double-digit growth, and Europe even stronger. It's doing well on all cylinders. It's been a wonderful acquisition. The team has been wonderful. They've been the leadership champions of our website overhaul. And they are really infiltrating a lot of the overall governance, and our overall antibody category is doing well. I think we've taken a little bit of that Santa Cruz opportunity. I think it's hard to not see the two of us being in the single digit growth rates as a category and double-digit in a lot of regions like Europe. We're not the only one after that share. Everybody has a program, as you saw Abcam did report and I think that's probably one of the – you take our [riba] monoclonals, that's probably the most average looking report they've done in years and, in fact, they were no better than us. So we're very happy with our progress as an antibody supplier. As you know, it's a very, very big market. It's just also very, very fragmented and we're still looking at strategies, assets, other combinations of instant platforms and work streams to give us an edge. We are probably the leading manufacturer of antibodies that actually provides full solutions that has instruments to go with the platform. I think you'll see other competitors there try to copy that, so it's working, and we're all in on antibodies, what can I say. And then we think we're perfectly positioned. I mean, the future – there is a lot coming on on immunotherapeutics using antibodies and we're also posting IP now. You can start looking that up, where we're starting to discover antibodies around certain binding ligands and the potential molecule. So we're – we've got a lot of discovery going as well in turning around antibodies. So more to come on that.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yes, yes, and yes. So we didn't have any less activity. We just didn't have as much to show for it. As everyone will attest to, deals – it's a pretty hot market, deals are not cheap right now and we're just very rigorous on our process. So if we don't find a way – a path through synergies to get to a double-digit return on that capital within five years, we usually walk. It's getting harder and harder to do. We do focus more on the private entity more than a public entity. We're not really in the processes of – more and more deals go into process. So that doesn't say that we aren't – we're focused on looking at lot of things. We made comments that we'd do probably one to three this year. I feel very confident we'll do one to three this year. And, yes, we did go whole year without acquisitions and a couple of years ago the questions were a lot about, are we doing too many and do we know what we're doing. And so, yes, we even know how to take a pause and focus on integration. And look at the operations, look at the margin, look at what we've done, I mean, the results are there, they're showing it. We had two wonderful quarters in a row of some really great productivity and is showing that we're really finding that integration – synergies that we're looking for. So, more to come. We are on track for our strat plan. We do think without any acquisitions, we'll be at that 41% in the couple more years out. And we won't be there next quarter, so don't add 2 points on for next quarter. As Jim mentioned, it's going to be up and down and the overall mix component for next year is roughly flattish. But the trend is there, it's real and we know what we're doing on this. But all likelihood, we will do acquisitions and so we will take a step back if we can do the dilution, and then we'll keep grinding on like we do – we know how to do. Again, this is a team of people who are all very experienced operators and we like doing it, so...
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: So I'm going to start this, and I'm going to let Jim take this because he's actually just been kind of rolling through our numbers, because there's always been a lot of focus on what do we really have in academic versus Biopharma and U.S. versus the world, and what are the trends and how are we mitigating that academic risk. And so we have a fresh set of numbers so to speak. I would say the coming year, I think things look pretty good for NIH funding from what we hear, and what we've seen, and I don't think we've seen everything really come through. There's still kind of a trepidation out there over – politically. So I think we're not even midway into that. Other companies have talked about that. This is the first quarter I'm really seeing people actually talking about they're seeing some stuff flowing through. I think it will be okay that part. Biopharma is still for us, I think, might be a little unique. We do have some timing issues, because a big part of our business in our core, of course, is ELISA kit and assay related and those can go up and down versus the timing of products in Biopharma. We're very strong in that timing cycle in Europe, still we see that continuing. And we hope when we're coming out of that weaker cycle here in the U.S., as Jim mentioned, but there is no proof as of yet, which is what we think is probably going to happen. And with that, Jim can follow up and give some metrics.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah, there is lot of timing, there is lot of productivity. We had really strong cash flow on operations here. So a lot of things contributed this quarter. We were nicely surprised it did as well as it did, but there is good reasons. The productivity is not slowing down here, even though we are a pretty profitable business in this area, everyone knows how lean this business has been historically and we're improving a lot of systems. I'll give you an example, this coming year, we don't have a LIMS system here. We don't include any LIMS and that could provide a lot more productivity even further taking out a lot of paper process here. So there is more to come. We're really on track for our thesis to getting back to 41% in a no-acquisitions forward scenario. How we get there is going to be a little up and down. It won't be straight up, and Jim mentioned that in his comments, and he can comment further here on the mix for this coming year and make sure you guys are all clear on how that mix looks.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: Yeah. So a couple of things. We've asked the same questions, because buying into the company, we thought the Western blot process is $1 billion, $1.5 billion kind of opportunity, and the Biologics market was roughly $0.5 billion kind of opportunity, which we had a significant share with the iCE platform already. We do think it is significantly more than $0.5 billion opportunity, and it isn't just looking forward. You got to remember Biopharma, when they lock in and spec a process introduction, they don't like to change it, right. So, you're always buying with looking forward versus what can you switch looking backwards. And we're getting some pretty good pickup overall, because the platform is so strong functionally, and it's just a good value, a good value overall with the consumables and everything else. So we're getting share there as well. So the way I look forward I think is that it should stay strong double-digit here, I think, for a couple of years. We'll, of course, have new versions of the platform coming out. It is right now the biggest part of the Protein Platforms division. It was about in that – close to that when we bought the company really, but we just didn't see such a strong uptick. We saw a good move forward, because it was the first new platform in five years in that category of iCE, but it's just been doing well. And I got to mention too that, we're seeing a lot of strong pickup in Asia because of biosimilars, so we're starting to get spec'ed in a lot of processes we are involved in. The big example is the big Samsung factory, of course. And we are focused on other areas, China and India. Then growth in Europe has also been strong double-digit and so nice surprises there. And we are similarly taking share from our largest competitor, which is a much larger company than us and well-known in space. So I hope it continues. We think it will for at least a year or two.
Charles R. Kummeth - Bio: It's a backward thing. So we're – as a category, it's a mid-single-digit growth, so that's 4% to 6%. Just as a temper for this coming quarter, Q1, we were an 8% quarter last year in this area. We've been as low as 2% twice this past year, two quarters ago and this quarter. So it's a 4% to 6% kind of net, and this is with strong antibodies. We had a roughly flattish year in immunoassay as we talked about because a lot of the timing issue the big pharma you think could bounce back. And then, Protein, pretty stable, but pretty stable in that 4-ish range. And we're by far the leading share maker of the proteins, and we're focusing much more on upstream. The hardest to make, where we can raise prices, really go after that quality and that name brand of R&D Systems that we're known for. And you got to offset all that erosion at the commodity level. The products have been around for 20 years and we do have competition, because the stuff is profitable and is largely trade secrets. So it's really all about our defense strategy and working upstream is best we can. So I will tell you that the new products that we are generating within proteins are roughly near 10% type of grower, nearly double-digit, but there is offset at the low end, right, at the commodity level, where the competition sits some cases one-third our price. So it's a difficult strategy to pull off to try and get a net of 5%, 6% when you have that kind of fragmentation within your portfolio. And yet we have to figure out the way to do it. We are working – obviously, this is a big part that we focus on with Fisher, of course. We are also working with how to deal with the special pricing, special arrangements, special deals with academia in general. We are working on how to scale a big pharma, of course, on agreements that go beyond proteins to try and put more in the bag. So all these things matter, of course, and we hope is a net of 4-ish, 5-ish in proteins and as a category within Biotech division mid-single-digit. But I think fairly safe, I mean, we're much more controlled with them than were a few years ago.
