Jim Hippel: Thank you. And good morning. And thank you for joining us. On the call with me this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations about the Company's future results. The Company's 10-K for fiscal year 2018 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements made during this call. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the Company's other SEC filings are available on the Company's website within its Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to most comparable GAAP measures are available in the Company's press release issued earlier this morning on the Bio-Techne Corporation website at www.bio-techne.com. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck.
Jim Hippel: Well, they're not that strategic. They come with the business, When I started here, it was over $20 million business. It's less than half of that now going forward. So, we've mitigated a lot of that erosion with price controls. We are the last man standing. After us, you have to go to China for these things. So, there is no way these large diagnostic companies are going to re-qualify with a Chinese entrant, especially in today's environment. So, we're kind of safe. It's under a $10 million kind of business now for us. It's largely behind us. And not strategic. I think there won't be a lot of growth. It is going to be kind of a hold-your-own for a while and steady down and we're offsetting that with other growth platforms in that segment, mainly around San Marcos, working with those same providers, those same customers on whole new ideas. The San Marcos acquisition from many years ago was a small player, but, remember, it had over 180 different 510(k)s. So, it's very strong in the pipeline with these large diagnostic companies with spec-ed in solutions and we're building on that with the credibility of Bio-Techne behind them. We've come a long way. I have been talking a couple of years about the strength of this pipeline. The trouble is, these guys move slow. They are glacier pace here. They are the largest diagnostics companies and pharma companies in the world. And they take a large order, anyway we've talked about in the past. Again, we had a quarter where some flipped out into this next quarter and we probably had some pull-ahead from last quarter, as I mentioned. But we're on track for a decent quarter this quarter already. It's the same lumpiness. And that pipeline is getting better and better. And it will be, ultimately, a mid to high-single digit overall segment without Genomics. And we're on track for that actually. And this blip this quarter, we've seen it at least three or four quarters in the past of this level and it's bouncing back already. That's just the lumpiness of this situation. What is new is that we had some really big order and order comparisons that were pushed out for the BiosPacific area. And these are nearly $2 million kind of levels of orders. So, it would have a big impact on our overall growth rate. And they're already shipping this quarter. So, that's a little bit new, but it's part of that same segment. So, it kind of exasperates the look of this division. But, really, things aren't already any worse, they never been with the normal lumpiness this division. So, it's just kind of the way it is. Mid-single to high-single digit growth ahead in the year to two to come but we've got to land and get these deals kind of moving. And they're going to happen. They're spec-ing in. They're just large companies, don't moving very fast when they're qualifying new solutions in a regulated world.
Jim Hippel: Yes, Puneet. I know you have a little consternation over this, but this has always been the plan. This has always been the model. It's still 1.1 million biopsies and we tend to get a big chunk of those. Looking forward, the December dates, the outside date, the open period is over and we're waiting for confirmation of that. Everything is wrong. We could be a month or two ahead of December. We don't know. But December should be the outside date. For the short term, the single-use will have no impact. We're talking a year or two out before there's any impact, and by then we're going to have the additional studies and FDA requirements in for having hopefully multiple reimbursement. So, that has been the plan, always has been the plan and we're more than on track for all that. So, we don't see any issue with that whatsoever, to be honest. And also, the fast - the breakthrough status designation we get with the FDA is going to - that's - they are already reaching out to us, offering to help. That's what you get with the status. They want to help this platform on multi-facets of bladder next and other areas. This is going to be a platform. So, this isn't just EPI. So, we're going to - this has been a - we're told a record kind of a move with this platform with EPI, usually a three to five year kind of process and we're under two years and it's going to be the same rate the new stuff coming. So, five years from now looking back, it's going to be something to watch, I think, as a new novel platform that has just a ton of promise. And that's why we're getting the recognition we're getting. That's why we got the breakthrough status. That's why we got the LCD we did in the record timing. That's why we got NCCN guidelines and we are definitely kind of ahead of the pack in that guidelines and discussion as well as the statistics. We have the two studies. The data is all there for us to submit for FDA. That's in progress. That too has some impact on that multiple designation reimbursement, but steady as she goes here.
Jim Hippel: We're careful how much guidance we give on that. We do have a lot of competitive pressures as well. The last two quarters, ever since we've put in the guidelines, have notched up the competition against us in terms of promotions, even giving things away. And that's had some impact on our growth rate here, but it's been pretty solid. Again, over 25,000 tests that we're not even reimbursed yet is a pretty solid indication. We're not sure we're going to see a major step up with the reimbursement decision here in the coming month or two or it will be a steady and increased growth. We hear all kinds of opinions. I think we're going to see steady growth. We are investing now into the infrastructure, the sales team and everything else because we - this is going to happen. We're going to be reimbursed. The payers are moving great. Our collections there have moved up 300% in the last quarter, in fact. So, it's all going the right direction. So, we're starting to invest. We're watching our dilution, but we're going to go after this. And I think our goal from a year ago - and the way you've got to look at this, we kind of lost a year from a year ago, right, the way we came out and not understanding revenue recognition like we should have, et cetera, but we're on track at this point this year, and we're going after those same kinds of goals. So, the numbers we gave you a year ago are kind of the annual numbers we should see end of the year again. So, we just aren't going to talk about it much or the number of our sales people or these other competitive issues.
Jim Hippel: Yes, correct on all accounts. So, essentially, we do expect to be - have double-digit growth in fiscal year 2020. I mentioned - I called out three specific headwinds, foreign exchange, carryover of acquisition, and investment in our cell and gene therapy business that will produce about 150 basis points of headwind to our margins next year. But we - as we did in fiscal year '19, we expect our core businesses to continue their march on productivity and gain approximately 150 basis points of margin to offset that. So, essentially, flat year-over-year on margin.
Jim Hippel: I know - all I'd say is this. Our test counts, we've been talking about our test counts the past couple of quarters. They did increase sequentially from Q3 to Q4 by roughly 7%. So, it gives you a sense of where the test count is. We've said before that roughly half of that test count population is Medicare - will be Medicare covered once we get CMS. So, really, in terms of how much of that revenue we recognize in fiscal year '20 will depend on the timing of the actual final draft and resolution, which right now they've stated publicly they are expecting it in December. And then, it will be a cash recognition lag of up to 30, 45 days beyond that. So, our models don't show showing significant revenue from EPI until the second half of the year. But as Chuck mentioned, it could be earlier if that final draft approval comes out sooner. If we're - obviously, we'll appeal for tests that were done prior to that release effective date and the timing and the resolution of those appeals could also impact the year positively. Right now, we haven't assumed any of that actually in our numbers for fiscal year '20. We're assuming that the appeals process will take longer and would likely be a fiscal year '21 event. Hopefully, that helps.
Chuck Kummeth: Sure, Puneet. Well, I think the first thing to stay with us, there is probably a bit of lumpiness compared to last quarter. We had a blow-out quarter last quarter. There's probably some impact there, a little. But, overall - we're already seeing a good bounce back this quarter. Europe is looking very good. It is a little bit more of a - stronger with the reagent side of the business versus the instruments but instruments is still early in the cycle for the quarter we know where they will end up. It's a very much a back-ended model. But we see high-single digit going forward. It's probably isn't the triple digits we saw for three years almost. But, remember, we saw that because of the integrations of distributors we did and creating new subsidiaries and then really doing that co-synergy cross-selling model. We're really taking share and just scooping up all that business that should have been ours. So, now we're there. It's kind of in our run rate. And we've got to grow with everybody else. So, high-single digit is kind of where we're at. And I think it's looking pretty good. And again, so far this quarter, Europe is looking a lot better
Chuck Kummeth: Look, it's the same. Definitely north of 20%. Maybe 25% or better. We'll see. A lot of it will come down to whether we can really get ACD really lit up there, the Genomics segment. Little bit of an issue there with Chinese citizens working outside countries on tissue. But we're working through that, but the basic RNAscope business is exploding there and we're building into that. That's on top of the core business which is 20-plus-percent. Our instrument business has been very strong this past year. Some of that may have been a bit of a pull-ahead, I'd say, three quarters ago, starting - and kind of went away last quarter in terms of tariff perceptions, which really aren't an issue for us. By the way, they don't continue to be even with this new round of tariffs as well. So, we see no impact. Our teams are telling us, steady as she goes. We have strong government support for our company and our products. We are very alone with a lot of what we do and they know that. Do they want these in their pipeline for solutions for their citizens? So, looking good for next year as well. We don't see any impact.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, as Jim made in his comments, we see it between a $200 million to $300 million division probably five years or so from now. It could be a lot bigger. The potential is massive. It's just a matter of how fast can we execute and become real. As we go along that that new curve, there's going to be some OpEx because we have to be more visible in the game as well, but we are being pushed. We've been being pushed for a couple of years by all the big players in this industry about, we need your proteins, can you please - can you please give us large batches of GMP which we're not known for. So, we are exploding in our growth right now of GMP proteins, but they're still small batch until we get this new factory up. The building is purchased. We're moving forward as we speak here on that. And 18 months from now, we should be fully qualified and in production. And it will be a handful of proteins, not tens of thousands, but they all are large batch and all GMP. And also antibody. There is a nice set of antibodies that are also being requested. And, of course, we're very good at that. What else can I say about - there are other areas. We have four or five major steps in that workflow. We don't have the leukapheresis box, but we are working closely with a partner to move forward to that. We have nothing to pronounce yet. We don't have a standard around a bio-reactor, but we have a great relationship with one of the world leaders in this space. But we are going to largely be a compartmental, a modularized solution, so that we can have a cost advantage over the no penny solution out there. It ties everything to one system to a patient in an ICU for three weeks and ends up being very, very expensive. We're going to have a better approach. And we are, I think, farther along than anybody else in the world. So, it's coming. And we're very close to having a full workflow. We have well over half of it now and they're all generating revenue. The B-MoGen piece is going to be important. We have eight preclinicals done. We have 12 interested parties. We have many indications that are going to go to clinical sometime this year, we expect. So, that will be a big portion, maybe as much as a third of that $200 million to $300 million divisional amount. And, of course, the Quad polymer beads are also part of that workflow. They are very similar. And they've succeeded in more than a half a dozen pre-clinicals and are being mapped in, as we speak. So, future is bright for this whole segment. And we're still hunting for a few more acquisitions to solve these remaining holes for a complete workflow. Either that or collaborations, but we're well on our way. And even if we get none of that, we still have a very good model to generate an awful lot of revenue. So, a lot of credibility in this space. So...
Chuck Kummeth: You remember, a couple of years ago, we talked ranges a lot. Last year was the first year we kind of gave an annual kind of guidance of an expectation of 10% or better, which we did, and we did that resoundingly well even given this quarter is a flat quarter. We're seeing it again, but we would also say that the new range has moved from 8% to 12% to more like a 10% to 12% or better. A lot is going to depend on Exosome revenue. Exosome revenue comes in where we think, it could be 12% plus. But 10% should be - like Jim said, should be in the cards, even in our core and everything going as steady as she goes at this point. So, it's a great time to be here. After six long years, we have finally made it to being, we think, a double-digit grower. So, unless some new factors hit, competitive or whatever. But right now, that's where we see things.
Chuck Kummeth: It's in the range, yeah. Yes, it's in the range. And if you combine that with probably some pull-aheads that we probably weren't really - really knew they were last quarter, maybe even a little more. We had 14-plus-percent growth last quarter. And it probably should have been 11% or 12%, like you guys were expecting them. All this stuff, we're still not big a company. It's hard to smooth everything out perfectly every quarter. So, you're in the ballpark.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, on the FDA, yes, it is a bit - we were surprised to really get this FDA designation status. We're trying to actually talk to them more about what does that really mean, how are you really going to help us? Does it mean now or does it mean about bladder or the blood stuff? And they say yes on all fronts. They want to help. That's what it means. So, they don't make any promises, though, and it's kind of what you give them, they'll speed things up and grease things and help you and make sure things are correct from a data package or whatever. That's what we're told. But it doesn't just freely give you something. It's just - it's more of a momentum designation, I guess, that you'd need help on if you're going to speed up and move things into the market. We will submit sometime this year. We're not giving real dates around that. We have all the data we need. Our two studies provide everything we need to do all this, which is what we've been told. So, it's just a matter of filling out forms and packaging and submitting, but we're not providing any more of that for competitive reasons, but it is imminent.
Chuck Kummeth: It's back up to a year ago. After this blow-out earn-out, we realized we had to dig in and find out just how much pull-forward in the things they did that really beat their earn-outs. So, I was a little scared that next quarter or two and things kind of flattened out and there wasn't a lot of growth. And wondering, Jesus, are we doing something wrong or is this not as big an addressable market as we thought or what. And, boy, the more we dug in and more we got in the field and we personally got in the field and we went out there and dug in. It really was nothing like that. This is still a $1 billion plus market just for the IHC movement to molecular pathology. Then there is the whole drug discovery side of things. Then there is the whole Diagnostics side. We're just still scratching the surface. We had record performance this last quarter with Leica, our partner. They are building a whole new set of indications with us. We're in renegotiations. They want a longer-term, deeper relationship. This now extends to Danaher, the parent, which we know quite well and we all have friends there. We're all a small industry, of course. And it's all going pretty well that way. We're really happy to see almost mid 20s percent growth here, both these last two quarters. We see it continuing. And that's really not fully understanding what is the potential now with China as we staff up, which we're now doing. We're staffing up heavily for China. And we'll see. Europe, as you know, a couple of quarters ago too was a kind of a redo. There was definitely a lot of - as we mentioned, an overhaul there three quarters ago. And that's firmly now on the ground again. The growth has been fantastic. As I told you, we expect probably 20 plus percent growth. And if we don't get it, we'll make changes because it's - the market is there, the product is real. This high-plex product we just launched will do over $1 million its first year in the market. We have a relaunch of BaseScope. DNAscope, which we've been waiting on for a couple of years, has made some great progress. We expect to commercialize that near the end of this fiscal year. That gives us a whole another host of applications and partners that have been begging for this. So, this is another platform. It's going to be big. So...
Chuck Kummeth: Tissue certainly gold standard, right? You can't get away from tissue. Liquid biopsy is all coming and we're all chasing with different platforms, but tissue is still king. And this is a solution that's best out there for tissue analysis.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we were pretty active this last year and we're still hunting. As I mentioned, there is some cell imaging, the leukapheresis component and the bioreactor component. Those are three - there may be another one or two, but we're getting close to not needing much else. But if we can buy them, we'll buy them. Everything else is kind of new. If they are not very big, you're going to pay a big multiple. But they're not materially big. More than likely, they won't sell the best ones. And we're lining up - we've got collaborations of which we're in the middle of some right now. So, trying to get them done. But as I mentioned, even without them, even selling just GMP proteins, it will be a great business. you see us start tacking on the polymer beads, the Quad, the B-MoGen transposon - and by the way, the gene editing component is a very lucrative component. And as we get transposon built into the minds of these researchers, away from viral vectors, it's going to be - it's largely unknown how big that could get right now. But we'll see. But we're hunting. That's exactly what we're hunting. We're not looking for another leg in this dual platform, like a ProteinSimple or ACD right now. We're looking for really building out this cell and gene therapy as the next major growth platform for the company on top of ACD, on top of Exosome and on top of our core reagent, which are all growing.
Chuck Kummeth: No. We're still alone. We're doing great. Simple Western is just killing it. So, we're trying not to be too bullish about it. But over 1,500 instruments already. So, it's there. And we still think that we're under 15% penetrated. I don't think we'll ever get over 50%. I think there are just a lot of small labs that still are going to do the hand Westerns. But in 10 years, this is going to all go the way of the calculator. This is the way students are going to be trained and no one is going to be doing these stupid things by hand anymore, wasting two days of time. So, it's all great there. Simple Plex, it's the sleeper in our company. This Micropoint deal all by itself is $50 million plus, maybe $100 million. There is a lot of immunotherapy going on in China. They are seeing a lot of cytokine storm. They want monitoring systems. This is a real company built by the guy who built Mindray. He's investing heavily, going into clinicals. It's a great robot. It uses our systems. He has done the panel for us - all for us. They've got great labs. They've qualified everything. They're dealing directly with the China government which they should. They're Chinese; we're not. And I'm really surprised, quite frankly, we haven't seen a whole lineup here in the U.S. to do the same thing. I think there are other solutions out there that are similar with this, Quanterix being one, but it's the size of a battleship. But we've got next generations of this technology with increased sensitivity and we think we're going to win there too. But it's really kind of a two-horse race in sensitivity, us and Quanterix, and there is just so much opportunity for these automated immunoassay type of solutions. So, the new cartridge, the 32x8, is a Meso Scale killer, we think. The ink is still wet on these things. We've just launched it, but there is going to be an awful lot of interest in that solution being a Complex 8. And remember, this plex, there is no crosstalk. It's zero crosstalk. Four orders of magnitude of signal to noise. It's one hour from sample to answer. It's the real deal and it's not that expensive. It's benchtop. So, it could be the sleeper. We'll see. The question you didn't ask is around iCE. And iCE, there is definitely competition. And it's come back. It's relatively flattish this last quarter. But, overall, the year, it's pretty modest come back. We have - we're coming out with new generations of that here soon. We'll have it on the Empower platform here, this next quarter, which is a big deal to be on the Empower system in the manufacturing environment, so these large customers, which has really become a requirement. So, that's finally done. And we'll just have to see. But it's a big space. And I've got to mention too. What we discovered - and some of this lull is - it has to do a little bit with the migration of these large customers also moving from their classic pharma molecule-driven approaches to cell and gene therapy approaches and biosimilar approaches and bioprocessing approaches. And as they're staffing up for their own cell and gene therapy, which is driving a big part of this, they are looking at different methods of their testing. And guess what, the iCE platform, it works really well to be involved in the workflow of testing for cell and gene therapy. So, we're expecting that to become a big evaluation promise this coming year and they've already started. So, I do think we're going to see extra growth from that in the coming years. It is also part of the cell and gene therapy workflow. So...
Chuck Kummeth: It's mostly that we think. I think the days of 13% to 15% growth are behind us. We were taking a lot of share, building out new subsidiaries. But I think high-single digit growth is still there. The cross-selling, the synergies we have, the portfolio we have, that's the kind of growth we're expecting. And I think in macro, I think Brexit is the biggest risk. We're certainly going to get a hard Brexit now with Boris in place. Again, it's not a really big issue for us materially, but it might have a leakage effect across all Europe. We'll just have to see what happens. We can affect that. And whatever happens to us, it will happen to everybody else. But for the last three years, we've been kind of ahead of the pack, ahead of all our peers in terms of our results. And I don't see that changing too much. We're going to be right there.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, it's roughly a $50 million total that's spread out over a couple of years. So, it's majority this year, but it all depends on the timing, how we're doing. We're not breaking ground. It is a building we're purchasing. So, it's about retrofitting this building with the new equipment. There are some long lead items. There are lyophilizers and larger, high-grade, really, really complex centrifuges, et cetera, that are over a year in lead times. We've already had those orders in. We expect probably somewhere October to December next year we'll be through our initial qualifications and be issuing lots to customers. It was originally designed to be a September of next year, but we certainly lost a couple of months in the permitting process here in Minnesota, et cetera. But we're still largely in the game. So, think of it over the next two years of roughly $50 million. What's after that, Paul, is hopefully - we've just got to build another one because there's so much business, we can't handle it all. The site is big enough, by the way, for expansion, the building as well as the land. So, we could - I wouldn't say double it there, but we can probably get a significant increase to the capacity should we need it two, three years out.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, we don't give it out anymore, Paul. But for the segment, we gave you the segment, but you can - the information we've given by these major categories, you can kind of - you can kind of get a guesstimate. It's a good number.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, great. Thanks, Dorrie. We are top of the hour and I appreciate everybody having a long list of questions and participating in this call. We'll be back next quarter. So, thank you.
