Charles Kummeth: Thanks. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our Q3 call. As stated in this morning's press release, I'm extremely pleased with the results for the quarter and the progress we've made year-to-date. Our team has executed very well, matching the overall organic growth rates we saw back in Q1. The U.S. held up well despite some severe weather conditions in the quarter and despite the continued spending pressure in the academic market. Europe's growth was just outstanding at near 8%. The Pac Rim continues to be strong in low-double digit. And while China struggled with some tough comps in January, they finished the quarter with strong growth rates. I'm still expecting China to end the year near 30% growth, coming off the strong commercial investments we made. Gross margins have remained solid, and expenses are within our plan as we continue to invest in new people, leaders, systems and technologies. We continue to execute on our strategy of delivering innovative core products to customers, over 1,300 year-to-date, and in expanding geographies. Our progress and results in Q3 and year-to-date, while a great improvement over last year, are closer to the beginning of this journey than to the end. Now I would like to introduce our new CFO, Jim Hippel, who started with the company on the 1st of April. He is on the call with me today, as he mentioned starting out, and will provide a review of our financial results for the third quarter. I will then address several recent events and then open to your questions. Jim, I turn it over to you. 
Charles Kummeth: Well, with the NIH funding being on a little bit above 3%, which is probably going to go more to wages and salaries and things, we don't see a great uplift. Now, the year-on-year comps start getting easier now. So I think you'll see all that play into everybody's results. I don't see a great lift. I think, as you see, our mix is going down in this area and much more towards industrial side, which we think is healthier. We still stay very focused on it. Our KOL strategy is entirely about that, and it's all about what's developed today is going to end up in industrial tomorrow. So it's important. But on -- it's not the great growth level in our strategy. I think it'll -- it won't get worse, but I don't think it will get a whole lot better. 
Charles Kummeth: With that, we also have our Head of BD here with us who is the very technically better at this than I will, but Dr. Frank Mortari can explain that for us. 
Charles Kummeth: So it's very important to know that this is not something that goes right straight after multiplexing. We still have strong relationships there, and they've all been in and they understand. This new device has no crosstalk. Over 4 analytes to begin with an hopefully moving up to more than that in the future. And the dynamic range is over 4 logs. So it's very sensitive and very fast and with a very small sample, as Frank pointed out, it's the kind of test that we're excited about because we think microfluidics is -- it's a trend that we have to deal with as a reagent provider anyway. So clear dollar strengths. And of course, to looking us is the people who are going to develop the panel and have the best -- the ability to create the right panels and assays on top of the instrument. 
Charles Kummeth: Yes, it's not a concerted effort to lower spending here. I mean, I'm a innovation person, with 25 years at 3M, so, believe me, I think it's between 8% and 10%. Year-on-year spending in terms of real dollars were up. Just it's -- the mix is changing a little bit there. And, obviously, a business like Bionostics doesn't need a lot. It's an OEM business. So I fully expect that we will hover -- we'll probably be in the closer to 9% going forward in that range. 
Charles Kummeth: Well, we had somewhere between 6 and 8 days of impact. As you know, you don't get much more of a run rate base business in ours. And literally, orders are -- come in and go out the same day to a certain degree. And when researchers aren't in the labs due to weather, they're not using our stuff. And they don't need to order more stuff. So we had about, actually, like a $1.4 million hit we quantified due to weather. So that's another 1.5% in growth that we didn't get. But everybody had that as well, so your term, muscling through it, I think is accurate. We had our people out, and our new sales team has been out there working. We had some extra lift that's probably in that range from Fisher, we think anyway. It's kind of working and probably going to be some mass investments going forward, but I really want to see what kind of traction we can really get with our new partner with 680 reps in the field. 
Charles Kummeth: Yes, there's really 2 parts here. I -- we will continue to invest in China, and the Beijing office we opened this year is having some great results. We just hired a new sales director as an example to help get things moving at an increased scale. I think we're going to be in that range. I mean, we've been doing this before. And it seems like the scalability is there. PrimeGene will play into some of that because they're there, and we can localize products. And as you know, the Chinese are very -- those markets, as they devolve in these areas, are very price-conscious, so we'll have, I think, lift there. But it's much bigger than just China. We've tend to use this as a fighter brand worldwide. And in fact, PrimeGene has the few products that are absolutely phenomenal. And we're going to bring those over and market those as R&D facilities. And then we're going to have a lot of products that we feel have become commodities that, as you know, we've been struggling with academically, at least, that we're going to relabel those as PrimeGene and improve that overall portfolio. And that's a global strategy, not just China. But China is the first place to try it out all, get started, get moving. We are -- were starting to integrate already. Things take time. And even though it's all in Shanghai, it's a big city. It takes, with traffic, maybe an hour to get back and forth. So it's going to take a little while. A great team. Been talking to them for 9 months, so we know each other quite well at this point. But there's a lot of work to get done on the branding side, as you can imagine, and the catalogs. 
Charles Kummeth: PrimeGene is a full acquisition, okay? But CyVek is investment for now. They're a start-up. They've got a thing called the burn rate, right? And I've -- it's difficult to be buying pre-revenue companies. So is taking care of shareholders but I think this is a prudent way to go and make sure that they are -- get to their milestones. If they get to their milestones, which we don't think are that horrendous, then we fully intend to buy them out. In the first level, it'll be a complete buyout. And then there's an earn-out at the second level. And I think we put all those in the 10-Q, 10-K. So that's all out there for public disclosure. 
Charles Kummeth: Well, there's the instrument side of the business and there's the assay side, right? So I would say, on the instruments side, it's going to be your typical 50%, 55%, like most instrument business try to strive for, and maybe 60% if we get lucky here. We'll see. It's early. It's the kind part they're working on. I'll be -- we're building confidence seems here for instruments, which we don't have really any right now and none on the machine side. But they're a great group. And they are in a great location, and the lead developer has something like 100 patents. I really like what I've seen. I've been, as Jim has as well, been in instrument businesses before. So we like it. The cartridge size is actually much better. Again, as I mentioned, I think of that as a next-generation kind of a parallel ELISA. When you start looking at the value prop for a 4- or 8-analyte ELISA-type system, the numbers could go quite large, especially for a test that happens in under an hour, with pretty much a walkaway mode. There's no tubes, no buffers, no anything. So it's kind of a we'll wait and see. But I think as emerge, and I always run businesses and consumables that they roughly should be about -- within 3 to 5 years, the consumable business should be as big as the instrument side. And so merging those together, let's say, 65%, hopefully, in that range. But it's really an unknown right now. These are all goals. It's a start-up. And we have many machines in beta testing right now. It is working, but, as you all know, a lot of people have been here before, too. There's a lot of homework to get done. So... 
Charles Kummeth: Yes, I mean, I think as the business stands today, in our current makeup, I'd say the kind of margins that we delivered in Q3 would be something we'd expect going forward in terms of operating margins in the 50% range and gross margin blended in the 70% -- low 70% range. But obviously, depending on how that mix might change going forward, it could alter. But on a standalone basis, that's what I'd expect going forward. 
Charles Kummeth: I hope falling, yes. We're now -- now we're passed the comps on the credit, the R&D credit. So as you see, that has an impact. And I don't like sitting at 31% more than anybody else does, but it is what it is until we work on this issue. I mean, China is still a small piece of our business as that continues to grow, outpace the growth of the overall company, it should help the tax rate, given that China's got a lower tax rate than the U.S. does. So... 
Charles Kummeth: Yes, I just say it's really pretty simple. We had a couple large account buys in January of last year. And again, this is pretty small business base wise on the rest of our business. So that had an impact. Looking forward into February, March, the growth rates month year-on-year are comparable. Historically, this business has been around 18% to 20%. I think at the beginning of last year, just short of 20%. This year, I think, we're going to be well north of 25%. I've been very public about stating our strategy, our goal, is near 30%. I think we got a good shot at near 30%. So going forward it should be that with the investments we're making there in people and buying companies, et cetera, and all the above. So... 
Charles Kummeth: I've got to tell you, when I ran the LCD for Thermo and the division is separate in Thermo Fisher from the Fisher side, which is neutral, as you know. And there's always a lot of channel conflict around that, because, in the case of that, they would -- Fisher wouldn't sell Corning & Eppendorf along with the Thermo brands. And so getting the reps working together to really make that channel model work to leverage the big Fisher was always challenging. We've made it work. They're making it work fantastically now, as you can see, by their progress. They're getting through a stake in a few years, but it's working. On our side here, there's no conflict. I mean, it's worked well. We've got 5 rock star reps that we hired. And I've been with every one of them, and I've talked to every one of them and made sure how they felt about this. And they are open arms over this, and they are working with all the field people. As you know, the -- as part of the arrangement there, there are 30 technical specialists as well, which our people marry up with and work the deals. They couldn't be happier or more pleased to have the help out there and then drive this big engine. So we're still very bullish that this is going to be a good thing. Now as I mentioned before, it's not to double the accompany or anything like that, but we expect to have, I'd say, compared to historically, our third-party sales with Fisher before we did all this, over the next 2 or 3 years, will probably triple the amount of volume we pushed through. With that first -- first-level amount, we're probably in the swap range. But we're not seeing, as I said before, a lot of margin differences either. They're paid really on the gross uplift. And it seems to be working. But the attitudes are fantastic. They featured us at their show. We're at the platinum level. So it's what they're trying to move and sell. And as I mentioned, with the what the million products that Fisher is moving and trying to always do it day in and day out on all these laboratories, you don't get a lot of a PI's time when you're in there pushing pipetted tips and flaps and cell factories, et cetera, and reagents. You start bringing in the kinds of high-level content that we have and then you start getting notice from decision-makers in the laboratories. And that allows them, of course, to pull through many, many more of their products, which is why they want to do this. Why it's so important to them and probably, to a large degree in the reagent side, why they like the life tech business as well. So long term, it's going to be very good for them. They're starting to figure out how to be a high-content supplier, and we're here to help them with our piece of it in North America. 
Charles Kummeth: Okay. Well, let me see. We still have no debt, and we're still generating the same kind of cash flow we have been. So you got the numbers like we have. You start putting in with what we can do on a term A and term B and we're well north $1 billion. We took a shot at a HyClone, which is up in that range, and came in second. Hard to beat GE when they get serious, of course. But we have that kind of wherewithall. We haven't done anything yet larger because we're being very careful and whatever we do, as I've mentioned many times, you're going to see direct synergies. So with PrimeGene, it's a no-brainer. With CyVek, it's a no-brainer around synergies with our reagents. And if we do a larger deal, you'll see the same kind of strategy follow. So we have the ability do something much bigger. And obviously, we have a lot of things we're looking at. My team and I have a strong M&A background, and we're hoppering [ph] and filtering and ranking and well over 60, 70 different targets worldwide. As you know, this is a very, very fast-moving industry. And every month, there's another couple of new potentials out there, CyVek being as a good example in the last year. It's a great new technology. So there are other great -- other assets that are larger, and we're looking at all of them. And if something makes sense, we'll do it. And if not, we won't. So... 
Charles Kummeth: I mean, we have -- we are out there showing the split, roughly all about 1/3 each in the company. Starting to change some. Hopefully, the PrimeGene, we'll see more growth in proteins and kind of cut off the small amount of erosion that we're seeing in the low end. But we don't comment on results in each area. 
Charles Kummeth: It's really all North America. It's U.S. and Canada, primarily. And I will mention, in Canada, we go through a distributor and I'm not very happy. And that we should be much bigger. Fisher has a lot of reps in Canada. So we're definitely putting together trying our plans up to work in Canada, and which they like as well because there's no term channel swap there at all. Everything we do there is virtually incremental growth. So it's -- in a way, it's kind of low-hanging fruit, we think. So lot of emphasis in Canada, but it's U.S. and Canada primarily. 
Charles Kummeth: Okay. Well, I guess, with that, we'll end this call. I want to thank you all for attending. We've continued to make, I think, reasonable progress here. Pretty big moves these company made year-on-year in terms of year-to-date organic growth rates. I think our investments have been the right investments, and they're starting to work. They're not too expensive either, but we will continue to go forward with that strategy as well. And I look forward to speaking to all of you offline and in the near future. Thank you.
