Chuck Kummeth: We feel really good. As you know, we just pulled off Lunaphore. That was an asset. I came and tell you how many people wanted that asset. We've been working on a long time. As you know, we're very ubiquitous, working with everybody in spatial and we have an open platform kind of a mentality here and Lunaphore is no different, other [indiscernible] work in that platform. But that thing is going to be amazing. And it's going to allow us to actually go after much stronger, not only in research, but on the pathology side without really getting crossing over into areas we don't want to create any conflicts or partners like – and others, so – which are all okay with all this. But we need to figure out a way to automate and get more out of our discovery, our platform, translational down in the under 10 Plex without taking two weeks, 24/7 running assays by hand. We can do all that now, so we need this platform, and it's ready to go. The synergies are amazing. Jim talked about the numbers. They're going to easily be those numbers and we've got a couple of points of dilution here in the coming year as we always do with a bigger acquisition. But this thing is already growing and already heavy in the revenue, and we're not waiting a year or two for this going to take off. It's already happening, and there's a strong future. So that is one area. Other M&A, we're – I don't think we've ever been busier. We're busy on more than a few right now. And as we already said it should be a big M&A year, everyone is staying the same. Smaller companies aren't being able to IPO right now, a lot of funding issues. It's the time for finding partners and new owners, and we're very busy and there's a lot of areas we're still looking to address things like in cell and gene therapy and media and other areas that they're all coming. And there is a lot of proteomics companies. They're all starting to look outside at being acquired, even it's very public, even Abcam is for sale, and I wouldn't have thought that would have happened yet, but there is a lot of surprises out there in the market these days.
Chuck Kummeth: So I'd say over two third of that dilution is driven strictly by the Lunaphore acquisition. The rest has to do with like our continued strategic investments in those growth areas that we've talked about during this call. We see it – if you exclude Lunaphore from our results, we see – similar to this past year, we see our organic margin being – finishing the year better than we did this year. We – it be just the Lunaphore that brings it down below. I think with regards to triggers that could improve on those margins, it's largely a revenue gain. I mean like I mentioned in my opening – in my comments, if revenue increases, the more revenue improvement, the growth improves in the back half of the year, the better there is to get more leverage of our cost base and increase margins. But we're already being very, very prudent on our – definitely on our discretionary spend and extremely selective in prioritizing our strategic spend. But we're not going to not do those strategic investments to sacrifice our growth in the future. But I think the biggest lever for improving margins would be higher revenue growth in the back half of the year.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. As we've mentioned in the past, in previous quarters, we've talked about missing double-digit growth by literally a handful of OEM customers. And that's kind of more of the same. It's very lumpy for us. So a lot of our larger OEMs and especially in antibodies areas they were stocking a lot through the COVID supply risk era. And it's already coming down. So that's moving in the right direction. I think we have seen through that period – period, let's call it, two or three quarters ago, we had very strong run rate still and those have softened because of funding overall softened. So we're seeing a bit of a barbell shift here, but not dramatic. So other data point is like Fisher, Fisher is very strong, has been strong all year. So a lot of our channels look good. So it's pretty lumpy. It's very, very targeted. We kind of know by customer exactly where they're at. And as you know, we get – we got a lot of these guys are licensed in a lot of royalties and stuff. So we not only have decent metrics, but we have actual data from them on just how they're doing, what they're buying, what they expect and their outlook. So a brighter year ahead and I think by end of this calendar year, certainly next year, the things will be recovered there in a lot of the OEM areas. So that's the main difference, I think, still.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, I'm not sure we can say any more than we know and we've been very transparent. We always have been. This quarter started off great in China, ended terribly and it ended much worse for everybody else we know in our industry. I think we're all in this kind of waiting pattern for the government. I think they have their economy shutdown so badly that I don't think they have any money. So – but we do know they're very public about how – what a priority healthcare is. And so I think as they get back on track, and we're told that come October, it's the new school year and all the institutions reopening is when they expect things to start getting better and start seeing an outlay. There have been some initial targeted stimulus areas, but nothing dramatic. This is just really a downtime for China. It's very, very surprising to everybody, but where they are on the scale of 1 to 10 of getting health care across the country, their whole population to where the rest of the world is. They're like a two. So it's the big cities that are really in good shape, but you don't have to go too far out to see a lot of struggle and the government is certainly still on their plan and healthcare is the number one priority, and I don't expect anything will change there. So – we've been here before, wondering about China, and then it comes back like a roaring tiger. So I expect that to be sometime before end of the calendar year here, but – 
Chuck Kummeth: Our team there is very bullish just by the – they didn't sound any alarm. So it's surprised even them. So I think that's also a good sign is that the 200-plus employees, strong team we have in China is really very positive and very, I guess, very – sees a very big future ahead. So…
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Well, China is the area we actually have our strongest ratio of instrument sales for business. So it's really 50:50 with our core. It's nowhere like that anywhere else. So with China being so soft, it takes a big hit on the overall instrument. We are in pretty good shape in Simple Western and across the board, not too bad, but mainly from consumables. I mean the instruments are being used, and they're really good productivity instruments were known for that and that has gone great. Ella had a pretty good quarter overall. And yes, the 1345 is coming. It should have been here a month ago, the paperwork, but it's definitely coming. We have a big clinical launch with that application in India that's through their there – they would be like a 510(k) process or a predicate process here, but they're ready to go very soon. 2,000 person clinical on macro degeneration and eye – different eye-related illnesses using tears [ph] as the analyte in the cartridge. So that's coming. And then we have a bunch more. But I'm going to let Will say a couple of words here. I think the future – now we have – we're getting more and more instruments, but we're getting more and more applications of the instruments we have. Simple Western isn't just about converting Western blots anymore. There's a bunch more stuff coming. Flex isn't just about protein purity in the line of manufacturing anymore. Now there's a lot more things come. But Will, maybe a couple of words on where you see the future of our instruments and buy application, and the growth actually improving what we see now.
Chuck Kummeth: Let me add a couple things too. And it’s just work backwards from what you guys would love to hear. What would you, you’d like to hear is that we’re back to our 15% or better growth plan coming next quarter. We have a couple things happening in our favor starting in Q1. We start getting really good comps away from these horrible comps. So that’s going to help. By the back end of the fiscal year and Jim is right. We’ll be the only one talking about a full year from now. Everybody’s talking about finishing this calendar year. And we’ve got a beginning of a fiscal year starting now. And by the end of this fiscal year, I expect us to be in the run rates of double digit, if not mid-teens again. But how does that stack up for a year averages? It’s hard to acknowledge right now with this quarter next quarter with especially with China. And China being 10% of our company and coming off 20%, 30% growth, that’s two, three points of growth rate there for the company. So we got to factor that in. Maybe it’s only another quarter of that. Maybe it’s more. If it’s more, it’ll affect the number long term. So we’re looking at all that. We don’t officially give guidance. We give you a range for the coming year and you’re smarter than we are and knowing our numbers up and down and backwards and forwards, you can see. I think our run rates can be where we expect it a year from now, maybe even higher because of our growth platforms seem to be accelerating, not decelerating to become more material. As you know on our five-year goal, we’re two, three years into that now. We talk about these major growth that should be at 50%, they’re running much, much higher than that. If they continue that, it’s going to pick up some of the slack here on the core. But we’re getting better and better in the core. And I think all we need is just the markets to stabilize and then we’re back on track overall. But I do think we’ve got a bit longer in the hangover here in the quarter at least that’s the way to think about it. And we’ll get – we’re about the most transparent company you guys talk to that. And we’ll tell you more next quarter when we see what happens with the one more this quarter. But at least we’re going to have an easy comp this quarter and things will start improving for us dramatically. And we didn’t have a bad quarter the way it was with everybody else being negative, negative, negative, we did post growth quite a bit comparatively, so in fact. So stay tuned. We’ll know more within a quarter, but end of the year run rate should be pretty good we think.
Chuck Kummeth: It’s larger orders for existing customers and new customers. We’ve expanded the customer list as you – as we mentioned. So that’s one part component growth. The other is that customers that have been with us for two, three years, they’re getting further along in their clinicals and they’re asking for more. We talk about in the past of turning the plankton into minnows and minnows into tuna and tuna into whales. We’re – we’ve only got a handful of tuna and whales and we need, we’ve got 400 customers. So just imagine a day in a couple, two, three, five years where we have dozens of whales. It’s going to be amazing to see.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, sure. Well, China’s a little different than most of our regions. We don’t have a spell out pharma versus a biotech versus academic. It’s all kind of government sponsored, well-funded, almost like academic. There are more and more institutions forming there, biosimilars is kind of where things are going in pharma there. And we’d call them industrial. But by far it’s really well-funded government, sponsored academic is most of the market for us. So it’s research, research, research mainly, right? And it’s very evenly split between our reagents and our instruments. And we had – we’ve had a couple really boom years instruments there, as we’ve talked about. So we’re coming off a heavy comps there. And then with the COVID issues, their funding issues just dry things up for now. But as it comes back, it’ll come back through the institutions. Now it’s roughly about 180 institutions in both Beijing and Shanghai. And then you have modest numbers in some other than major cities, but nothing like the two major cities and that’s what drives everything. I think we’re in a very interesting time with China because they’ve probably as a government, I think they’ve never – they haven’t seen this much consternation for many, many, many years. You’ve got [indiscernible] in charge, but you’ve got a lot of people that are not used to seeing negative GDP, a whole generation of people that have never seen this. You’ve got real estate tipping over, you’ve got a lot of issues, it’s got to kind of work its way through. But underneath all of it, you’ve got a high priority for the country, for the administration there on healthcare for their people. And that’s got to begin with research. And at the end of the day, we’re only a $100 million of revenue in China, so it could be $500 million or $1 billion. I’d still say it’s small compared to the opportunity. So we’re getting back very strong. We have a lot of products for the size of our business and our company there. We have a lot of businesses, so there’s plenty of levers to pull and plenty of interest across the board.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, I don’t think we’re moving the game, the data for anything yet. They’re not – they don’t have heavy growth right now either, but they’re flat to I’d say mid-single digit growth last quarter or two. Given that the actual market there has imploded in funding us down. John, actually, this is a good sign. We’re actually taking share. So he’s actually getting more business than he thought compared to what everyone else is dealing with. So there – it’s a good time. So we’re going to get – we’re going to be a lever off of this come next year. As you know, the profitability is way beyond our expectations, which allowed us to do the 20% trigger early. But we’re probably on track for three to four years for the full acquisition, and that would be at 225 or so million dollars revenue or $136 million in EBITDA. Probably the EBITDA one will happen first, again, if things continue the way they are. We’re working more and more with John [ph] on investments and diversifying things to do. But right now he is running at a very, very profitable model. And it’s probably more than it should be for the –probably should have more investment for growth and we’re helping with that. [indiscernible] if you want to comment any more on that as well.
Chuck Kummeth: Since we’re talking about growth and then in growth in China, other places, we didn’t talk much about EPI, but I don’t want to leave this call, I just maybe shout off the team that our Exosome platform is really killing it right now. We’re getting record test days, virtually weekly. We crossed a 100,000 tests. We have a colorectal program that’s making great progress. We have a multi analyte screening component tests coming that’ll do many, many upstream pre-cancer type tests. And it’s – it builds on top of methylation, so it’ll be – go well above and beyond what other competitors in the field are doing with cell-free DNA. The future for Exosome I think is amazing. And you guys never focus on the great numbers more than where the damage is, but coming quarters, you’re going to be want to talk more about Exosome as you see the numbers. We’re investing more people and we are very close. The list now of tipping over the large private payers is getting very close.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, I guess just thanks for everyone for attending the call. We always see the call count as we go, and it’s a very big list. We know there’s a lot of competition for your time out there. And we’re glad there’s all the interest in our company and we’ll be back next quarter. Thank you.
