Jim Hippel: Good morning and thank you for joining us. On the call with me this morning is Chuck Kummeth, Chief Executive Officer of Bio-Techne. Before we begin, let me briefly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made during this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements, including beliefs and expectations about the company's future results. The company's 10-K for fiscal year 2018 identifies certain factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements made during this call. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of any new information or future events or developments. The 10-K as well as the company's other SEC filings are available on the company's website within its Investor Relations section. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. Tables reconciling these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available in the company's press release issued earlier this morning on the Bio-Techne Corporation website at www.bio-techne.com. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck.
Jim Hippel: Yeah, I mean, I think the hiring play a little bit of part of it in the sense that it's a pretty tough labor market right now in terms of finding the right people that you need. And so the businesses are a little bit behind on hiring. I wouldn't say with the biggest contribution margin expansion, the bigger contribution was the strong volume leverage and some good product mix. But nonetheless, there is a bit of that going on, and we anticipate some of those - the plan has to be filled here in the second half of the year. So having said all that, as we think about the back half of the year, we still expect strong operating margin expansion in our core business, perhaps not at the same rate that we saw in the first half and that will do a lot to help offset the dilution we're seeing in Exosome. So our total view for the year hasn't come off what an initial kind of guidance was six months ago.
Jim Hippel: Yeah, and I'll just add to that. We went to our annual strategic plan update with all the teams and the Exosome team still feels very, very comfortable and upbeat about hitting that kind of number five years out. And with regards to written on the very short term here as Chuck said, with regards to revenue in Exosome, I mean, definitely the very near term we expect revenue recognitions to be fairly minimal. The wild card in this fiscal year is still Q4. If we were able to get more earlier acceptance of Medicare reimbursement approval that could bode well for Q4, but if it's delayed and honestly we know it will continue to for recognition until we get into early part of fiscal year '20.
Chuck Kummeth: Okay, great. Well, we were just chatting about this before the call. We should have probably brought out antibodies of the more than we did in the discussion or the press release or anything else, but we had a record quarter for antibodies, we were over 20, way over 20% growth. We're strong across the board. The comp on proteins from last year was like a 16% growth, so we're near flat there, but it's holding us, it it's going to ramp as the GMP goes up. So we had a stellar performance in RSD, assay is also really good across the board, royalty is strong and Lunimex, Luminex is still doing really well. If you look at our entire assay line from Ella all the way through multiplex, we're still double digit growth, so those strategies are still working flawlessly, so an exceptional quarter for that division. And on ASD, we probably got to stop saying 15% because we keep doing 20 or better. So I'd say the outlook is definitely leading towards, 20s more than 15 that we expand, a minimal of pretty strong still. What I can say about - the western blot solution, near 30 a few quarters in a row now. It really out classed the chasm and there's just lighting it up. We know it's a big market, we always said so. How many quarters did I - speaking this about, it will be a 10 year slog of 10% to 15% and then all of a sudden about a year ago it just kind of hit and its continuing. So the adoption is happening finally for making this automated western blot the new standard record out there for doing westerns in the laboratory, so we're already very happy. Biologics has bounced back nicely from about a year ago, I think. We had some pain there, it's been pretty good. And Ella is just starting to knock out of the park and other quarter 50% growth. And we don't see any end in sight. And the new cartridge platform we announced here is a big deal because this is the first cartridges, it's an open platform. So all those big guys that don't want to let their stuff out of their site, they give to us to pick a close cartridge system. Now, they can take this system and they can do it themselves, valid in and give it to us, we need to know what's in it and make the cautious one. So we're going to see even more uptick, I think on clinical and support as this thing is still asleep right, I think in terms of platform, which is about the very first acquisition we did. It's taken a few years that really is now moving fast and it's very material now in size of the company. So that addresses both those divisions for you I think.
Chuck Kummeth: Yeah, so I want to make a few careful comments here. I know I do this for everyone's on the line, so that we don't have the same sets of questions coming one time afterwards. And just to make it very apparent, this is a really highly competitive space as you guys know, there's a lot of going on liquid biopsy. Everyone thinks they're better. And there's a new company every day and it's very aggressive. And I can only imagine what these poor committees between NCCN and NGS are going through trying to see who really has what it takes here to do with the real data. We know our science is undeniable. We know our results are undeniable. We do we said we'd do, we got to the NCCN, a couple of months later than we thought it'd be. We know why, we can't even tell you why. I can just say it's extremely competitive and those are the reasons. With regards to NGS, we have to go under what's called reconsideration, now for the LCD that's in process. We all know what the rule state, it's a one to six month process, we have no inside of the NGS. So we don't know. It's highly competitive. If we knew stuff, we probably couldn't tell you anyway. But we feel very, very comfortable that our science and our results will prevail and we'll get through this. It is a great test. It really works. Patients need it and it's going to happen. So whether it's next month or June, I don't know. But so I'm sure you guys are all ask again, one on one anyway, but that's what we know right now and this is a huge first step. We do think that we'll see some level of uptick, even though the grid - the test rate has been improving drastically, even though we haven't added any sales people in three months. This should even have an impact. We don't know for sure. We'll, see or know more in a month or two. But we're getting ready. As Jim stated, we have thousands and thousands of kits being requested and we're logging now 4000 plus a quarter in terms of tests and we're going a 40% to 50% growth clip right now before NCC. So I don't know what all it will move to, but a year from now, I'm sure it'll be a big, big number.
Chuck Kummeth: We still think it's a 200 to 400 basis point dilution, but how we get there may move around a little bit. We had such great over delivery on the core business. If that continues, we can either choose to have less dilution or invest harder. Personally, there are so many products in this Exosome platform. I would love to do more things in parallel of we could afford to. We're ready to go with clinical was on both the bladder as well as the kidney rejection signatures right now. So we're actively working on getting those clinical started with partners.
Chuck Kummeth: Yeah, so - yeah, there's not much revenue. Jim went through pretty carefully through those whole cost and cash to accrual basis, so it's going to take us probably into Q1 of next year to start really getting revenue recognized. The RUO and CDX side, there's some stuff happening there of course. We've got a lot of potential with the blood side as a platform which there's different ways to recognize revenue we're working on. But in general, in terms of us following our model and what's in the 8-K, I think we have no reason to move away from any numbers in that if anything we've said is conservative, and I think it's still conservative to be honest.
Chuck Kummeth: No, quite the opposite actually, we're at this point now saying integration is probably complete. A year ago they finished their earn out milestone quarter and we found out this like always, they sell the desks and the chairs and everything they can and became a very tough comp. So it was - you can tell with the numbers over often segment and the lumpiness is pretty predictable on the on the diagnostics portion, so it was low single digits for the quarter coming off that cop we kind warned you about that. Looking forward, its double digit this quarter, hoping even 20 or better. We're back in place with the full team for the services part of the business. Our new leader Kim Kelderman has done a great job of really building out a strategy and going at - back after we call it we call them customer retention strategies. There have been - there was a lot of focus on getting in, but staying in is important as well with these with these big customers and that's starting to improve a lot. It is a big market and it is no less that big market then like the western blot was for protein simple. It just takes a while to get some traction get going here, but I feel actually better about the long-term growth for the Genomics division and it probably was around the western blot solution two, three years ago to be honest. It's a master - and we got a pipeline of products coming, we haven't talked about yet, we've got BasePlex and HighPlex coming, DNAscope is coming and RNAscope is really just starting to get rolling to be honest. So we've got partnerships with all the automation players out there, formerly with Leica, but we have relationships forming and beginning with the others as well and that's going to bode well also. So this too is a technology that is incredible science and really works and there's a lot we can do with it, so we intend to.
Chuck Kummeth: That's part of it, so we're kind of through the melee we had with them a couple years ago and they're feeding cell therapy accounts, they're back in the hospitals with different systems, the growth rates are very large there actually and help contribute to that 30% overall. RUO there - our R&D Systems brand continues to be a 25% or better grower, hasn't stopped and never did. And the instruments had a north of 50% kind of growth rate, so we had a very, very good quarter in China, but our all instrument peers out there also had pretty good quarters in China. Probably a bit of it is - could be buy forwards, off tariff scare, although all the others have commented there isn't a lot of tariff issues with the life sciences segments in China, but there could be some of that. We always worth 30% or better for the instruments there and this was an exceptionally strong quarter. I'd like to thank for the execution. We have built our team bigger. We have an applications lab, demo lab now there performing, so we have new people now in different cities. It's just expanding and I think we're starting to get more of a an accelerate stride or rather still - we're still overall the company a $50 million kind of business in China. So there's a lot of room for growth at this level in my opinion still. We've always said kind of 25 ish our goal get two quarters that 30% or better, I'd like 30 better, I'd like to think we can continue there, but we'll see.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, maybe put in my comments about employees all being effective of hitting two quarters in a row and being the perennial double digit grower which was our goal. We're probably still going to speak in terms of range. We've been saying 8 to 12, let's say 9.5 to 12. So it's hard to promise 10. 10s a big number to promise, but we're certainly seem to be doing it and doing it quite easily here right now. So we'll see.
Chuck Kummeth: Yeah, we've had a nice two year run of double digit growth in Europe. And we kind of guided last quarter that we probably see ourselves, in the high single digit going forward, safely as we get bigger and we're kind of there this quarter although it's for more mix reasons, many I'll say I think. I don't think we're seeing any real issues with Brexit or economies faulting or funding going away in Europe. Our execution is still doing really well there. And our harmonization strategy with our within our divisions is building out full subsidiaries in these new countries that we're in and still building growth and the share we're taking so. So I think we're high single digits is very safe. I think for the short-term and I'm still hoping we can do better, but there are certainly risks in there - in the arrow and people are talking about fasting Europe a lot everybody seems to be, so we haven't seen as much as most, but we saw a little bit through this quarter obvious for the numbers.
Chuck Kummeth: Well that's a hard one. We need partners for that and we're working with some. There's a lot of opportunity. If I had to focus on what we're going to put our regulatory and clinical strength and probably ExosomeDx to be honest right now, but we are focused on partners that have a lot of interest. There's a lot of people wanting to work with us. There's some I can't talk about. They want to stay hidden right now, but we have some newsworthy partnerships established already. And this is a great platform and it's a very different kind of biopsy and end of day you still need - you need tissue and there are a lot of tissue banks out there. There's a lot of work to be done with tissue and solid tumor is still an area of great concern for oncology, so we see a great future for this as a platform. And maybe we'll take more partnerships. We are not going to do all this on our own obviously.
Chuck Kummeth: Yeah, it's a great question. I'm glad someone asked it. Lately we aren't talking enough about our about and our core is not going to the park lately and allowing us to do all these great acquisitions and fund the way we're funding them. But with antibodies over 20%, growth we're clearly taking share. We think as a market, antibodies is somewhere in the six to eight. It's a broad category obviously and it depends on what area you want to talk about antibodies, but as a holistic kind of market it's about that range. And we're sitting here at 20 - over 20% and we've been double digit for a while, so we know we are. On why are we, I think there's two reasons. One, I think the flight to quality, validated antibodies, GMP reagents, GP proteins is driving up a little guys a lot and as major players in the market are benefiting from this certainly and it's only going to get better. When you look at what's going to happen with GMP, needed to be in everything just two to three years out. We actually think we can move fast enough to scaling up more and more GMP equipment and getting beyond just our evolve because we think the world with the whole the whole Car-T, Biosimilar everything happening in immuno therapeutics, the demand is going to - the throttle point for all these therapies man of being the reagents, they seed this self. The other thing is our website. I mean, we have invested heavily in our website. And we had a good model. I mean, Abcam was10 years ahead of us, I mean, they had an exceptional website and they still do. But ours is pretty darn good now and we have got a broad portfolio, we can do near single point ordering in a lot of areas, we're working on that as well, so we can have a one basket approach. The amount of content we put it on online and you're getting with the antibodies, you got to have lots of pictures and lots of citation and a lot of data have got to go online to actually move vendor buyers because there's tens of thousands of them. And researchers are always in a quandary of what they need, what they're looking for. So you've got to have that content online. And we've been going after that for good five years now. And it helps, so we have a very big program on monitoring our digital metrics and our traffic on our website has been going up double digit, quarter and quarter for - it'd be three years now this July when we launched the first new website. So it's had a huge impact for us to increase our share we think, so those were two main issues I think and by the way we are - and the other part I guess would be great products. We are able to make products, in a lot of cases no others can make. This is hard science, we have the best portfolio, we have the tough stuff, so when researchers want to get the best quality and some cases we only skew that they know it can work they come to us , so that hasn't gone away either.
Chuck Kummeth: Yeah, always lumpy and it will be for a while. But yeah, it did recover pretty well. It had tough comp for moisture too, yeah, I realized that, but it was modest, decent growth and again we see a better second half. We are seeing often these new programs, the pipeline I've been talking about these last few quarters are starting to hit and that'll only get better.
Chuck Kummeth: In a fact it does. GMP related products are roughly 30% higher in price and we're not the lowest cost of product in town anyway. So researchers will pay for quality. When you're talking about GMB grade for production and for finishing out clinical and whatever they're okay with paying it. In terms of price overall, we've had a decent price here, we're 1 ish or so percent little better on price. So we have the metrics, the systems in place and actually know how to monitor price. We didn't have that two, three years ago. And so we're able to now build it into our strategies. All of us in this team come from large companies who are used to having very strict pricing strategies and tools to work on price and just used to it. So we're finally in a place where we can now do what we know how to do and that's part of the game. So if you see us at 10% in our agents business, you can count on 1% being on price whereas four or five years ago we would have been 8% or 9% because we would have known anything well price and probably wouldn't have had any price, so that's part of it. Now market conditions change all this of course, but that's kind of current state of affairs and with decent funding in our industry and I think everyone's probably prescribing to that kind of the goal I think.
Chuck Kummeth: The double uptick was on the kit request. And we're at about - we're public on about 1100 or so urologists, which we think is roughly 10%. So we're just starting to get calm, really. In terms of the test uptick, it's more like 40% and we're going to be - we hopefully - that's without NCCN guidelines. So how that goes forward, hopefully up, but this is step one for an increase. And then step two, of course is Medicare. So for a good growth rate about probably all we can really assume right now is all the other issues that got deal with.
Chuck Kummeth: Remember, this is an LDP model. So if we're growing 40%, 50% a quarter, we got to do 40% to 50% more tests in our lab. So it's a lot of scaling up you got to doing this model. It isn't just selling.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we don't. We are a company and not a set of companies, so it all goes in a strategic pool. Those are fund waiting, they need to fund, but I will make a common and turns in investments for the core business and for Protein Sciences. It's all about GMP my friends. And we are investing at about a double the rate in capital we have been in terms which isn't a lot by the way for this company, but in terms of a business, but it is going up because we see the potential in GMP gain proteins and reagents to be really, really big going forward mainly to support our cell therapy business and we're going to have a news coming out soon. We're building more and more around this model on large cell therapy abilities and it's going to be no less as exciting as ACD and ExosomeDx has been in my opinion, so another quarter or two and then hopefully we'll be talking about that more. We're getting ready, I'm not kidding and you look at the numbers of what Car-T and cell therapies are going to be in terms of a market. It's unbelievable and there's - no one's ready for it. There are so many clinical going on and how they're going to get the stuff they need to actually be in production for these therapies. We all got to get going now, so there's a lot to go after. Lead times in some of these big pieces of equipment for mentors, lyophilizers are - can be a year to two years because they're almost all custom a little bit and I can tell you we're on it.
Chuck Kummeth: No, this quarter. This quarter is going to happen. We're finishing up integration. We didn't really start integration until this milestone and now single is over. There's one thing I learned in this. We gave these guys an 18 month turnout because of only 18 months we left them largely alone. We didn't start integrating as soon as we should have and we spent this whole you're integrating, so a few of them left with their money. Of course the leader we knew was going to leave. We brought in a fantastic new team and leadership team and working on stuff and a lot of Q1 comments are still there as well of course, head of commercial is still, a fabulous person and it's just about getting back on it. I can't tell you. Acquisitions or acquisitions and they're all different and they all hit a one year bump I Think when you start integrating and we're finishing we're getting to the end of that bump and I'm hoping that will be a double digit growth starting this quarter going forward here safely and then ramp from there.
Chuck Kummeth: It's a good question and very insightful. We've been public about –we're probably not looking for any new platform like an ExosomeDx or an ACD, but we are still rounding out. We think it's a fantastic potential workflow that collectively together could be just as big or bigger than an ExosomeDx as a platform. I think we're probably one or two small acquisitions away of filling out that works full circle. As you know, we've got the Ella platform. We've got GMP proteins we've got the Cloudz, these - we don't have bioreactors. We have a partnership in place. We don't have gene editing, but we have a partnership in place, so there's some things we're still looking at to do that and I would - I can't promise you acquisitions, but that is certainly where we're hunting and given our history, it's probably likely we're going to get something.
Chuck Kummeth: We're in the bolt-on site especially for now. I think given that we're a year later on finishing integration on ACD which I just explained and I want to get that really off and running safely. And then we're right in the middle on ExosomeDx, so these are some big nuts that we paid a lot of money for we got to get right. Our board wants to make sure we get them right. We can strap on these little bolt-ons, no problem without a lot of work like black Cloudz was in Atlanta and things it's not an issue and we'll continue that and be optimistic. Frank Mortari is a busy guy here, looking to deal for us and we still have a pipeline well over hundred, we're participating in a couple right now and we'll see what happens, but probably nothing large. We're at two times leverage ending date Jim, right. So we've got some powder if we need it, but something's came to a process that we really want to see and if they - even though we're not really ready and we wouldn't like seen a process, they came to a process we participate, but we don't you don't do well on in public processes anyway. So I never say never, but it's largely going to be small bolt on's this year I think and hopefully a few, we'll see.
Chuck Kummeth: If you're going back to the 15% number for sure people are trying to squeeze us to say 20. We've been at 20, I think it's going to be 15 to 20 for years. Western blot, we're still at 10% market share for growing 10%, we're finally hitting stride there's a long way to go. Biologics is safe. In SimplePlex I don't even know what to tell you. This thing can go to so many markets. It could even be in point of care this micropoint deal alone in China could be $100 million deal. We got to wait two years for clinical be done, but can you imagine the size of doing patient monitoring across all the China for cytokines storm for all their stem cell therapies. This is the company led by a guy who did mind ray over there. So we're really impressed with him and his team. He's extremely well connected. He knows he's doing his panels were great he's already wanting more panels for more things going with us and this is just one area in a different country. We've been started doing stuff here, so we have a lot of different cartridge stripes on the drawing board here around the Ella platform and I think it's going to be amazing if you look out five, ten years.
Chuck Kummeth: Almost all of them, everything, but - so we have in [indiscernible], those two were okay, but not as strong as the other bigger ones. The biggest standout is been the western blot and western jess and jess was two thirds that after the sale, so we're letting up probably right now because there's such demand for this new instrument jess which is the big brother to west. This allows us also do things the west to go more academic where there's more pricing pressure and stuff so it's always tries a strategies work very well. And then biologics is really come back pretty well and that's also been a 20% grower. So and then Ella, Ella has been growing between 50% and 100% every quarter for the last couple years. So I just mentioned enough on that.
Chuck Kummeth: Yeah, I asked that. I got questions out to my teams and commercial have no one thinks so. I was little more concerned about the cold weather last week and all the schools and array shutting down, but not hearing anything yet.
Chuck Kummeth: Okay. Well thanks everybody for listening. We had a record number of people online too for this, so really happy for that. It was a great quarter and we hope to deliver another one next quarter. So talk to you then. Thank you.
