Chuck Kummeth: Sure, thanks Puneet. I’ll give some comments, but I do remember when I joined it was negative, so I remember plenty of quarters below mid single digits, by the way. It’s just been a while. We are totally on our plan for five years and we had been ahead of schedule, and our models are mid single digit in our core anyway, so don’t forget that.  I will cut to the chase right now about September was strong, October is remaining strong. We’re basically double-digit across the board, if not high teens, so things look good. You are exactly correct - we were really hot Q4, coming in at 14 versus consensus of 11. Definitely had some pull forwards there. We’ve done some studying and we had probably--you know, we had a lot of price increases July 1, there was definitely some of that.  I think also to point out on the instruments side, we’re not too far off, it’s just more of weakness in Europe, cautiousness around purchasing. But we’ve also dug into what’s going on because our bookings and our funnel is very strong. It’s actually the strongest funnel we’ve ever had, but it’s taken longer to get through the booking cycle and signatures are coming more cautious, this last quarter especially. We were a bit robbed, we think.  You know, we have not had any supply chain issues the last couple years and we’ve been pretty steady-eddy and very good growth, and a lot of other instrument makers and a lot of other higher capital or higher signature purchases have been--have had more supply issues, and we think there’s been a little bit of a bubble of pent-up demand in some areas, and I think we just maybe lost out a little bit on priority in some of the purchases this quarter, is what we’re coming to. We don’t see a lot of issues against price and we don’t see any issues, really, from September on. We definitely had a softer quarter in Europe and some of it was vacation for us. We do live in a little different world - we don’t have direct competitors, it’s kind of pieces here and there, and we have a large segment in biotech as well and there is definitely some on the midrange biotech, there’s definitely been softness, especially in Europe on signatures and conservatism overall. Going forward looks pretty strong. You heard the news from Jim there - we’re more concerned about that, we’re more concerned about our long term outlook, which we don’t think has changed a bit, and that’s some highlights there. We’ll let you dig in deeper now.
Chuck Kummeth: I think we’re still looking at near the end of Q3, in that range, so. I would say overall, I know our cell and gene therapy and our gene proteins, we didn’t have a 50%-plus quarter like we’d been doing. Things have leveled out. It is very lumpy still - we don’t have a lot of large, large customers, and there was some timing in some of that, and Wilson Wolf has seen some of that as well, as well as issues around clinical and finding patients, so things have softened a little but still more or less on track for what our schedule was for them. Although the improvement is in their EBITDA, their EBITDA is north of 70%, so they’re doing really well and as there’s volume, they’re getting good scale, so. So a lot of good news there too, but we’re investing into more sales reps - we’re calling it our surge team. They are helping more out, the whole scale ready team, from a proteins point of view because we’re going to be adding more and more proteins to our factory. The factory the remainder of this year, the fiscal year, we’re going to add six more products, which by far will be the largest menu out there in GMP proteins for both regen and cell and gene therapy, so that’s all a really good story. We just wanted to focus on what we thought you guys really wanted to focus on this quarter, so no issues there.
Chuck Kummeth: More or less, yes. We’re down two heads, which is about normal. There’s still attrition in our business, along with everybody else’s, but we’re pretty much at 95% full strength and have been for this quarter. We promised a succession of improving quarters since we kind of turned this around three, four quarters ago, and they didn’t come off that at all. They had a tremendous quarter at 17% growth. I would say Akoya is still more in the future. We’re kind of waiting on them at this point, but we’re ready to go. You saw our other announcements. We’re really going after this front end for mass spec. It’s a big TAM out there and we talk about--you know, LC mass spec and GS mass spec, you know, it’s one term out there, but there are different ways to be a front end on mass spec, which is a massive opportunity and we’re taking more and more share all the time, so we’re focused on that as well. But you know, SPD is good, and we’re going after it eventually, more pathology with automation, and they’re not the only game in town at Akoya. We’re working with more than just them, but we are solidified with them on a deal and the partnership is going very well, and we’re kind of waiting on them to get to the point where we can start making revenue together and getting something out of it, so.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, well overall in consumables for ASD, we were mid-20s for growth in the U.S., just so you know, so a very strong consumables and similar double-digit growth overall with SimplePlex in the U.S. It’s more of an issue around Europe and just some of the normal lumpiness we see with the instruments on the large orders around these big clinical with SimplePlex, but very solid. We’re knocking on the door of getting near 2,000 machines in the field, and those things chew cartridges like crazy, right, so we see a big, bright future and get ready, clinical stuff is right around the corner. We have very little in clinical yet - it’s all coming, a lot of interest. Still one of the biggest [indiscernible].
Chuck Kummeth: Maybe in Europe potentially, and there is certainly one large customer in Europe that we’re waiting to turn on again for the next set of clinicals. If that doesn’t develop, there might be a bit of a headwind, but in general North America is steady-eddy. It’s more about Europe in your question. Overall, that is still--it’s okay, I think.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, sure. Well, we’re seeing cautiousness and we do see some lumpiness, as I mentioned already anyway. We definitely had a weaker than normal July and August across the board - I mean everywhere, so it’s not a systemic issue. September came back gangbusters, but not enough to cover what we saw in July and August, and I would say, well, that’s great, but then October better be hot. October is also looking okay so far, but there is definitely cautiousness. Our teams over there are having issues. We’ve sent over some more help in the field. We were, I would say, in the seventh of so inning of correcting Europe anyway - if you remember, we weren’t that happy with Europe before all this, so I don’t think we’re through that, and we’re focused a lot on our new platforms over there and things like SPD, which had really gone soft in the previous year and now are coming back alive, so we’ll see. Instruments, where I talked about time for signature, it’s delayed longer than usual in our funnel, and we’re trying to get to that. I think it really has been an issue of competing for dollars with other suppliers having finally enough inventory to support things, and I think we were maybe pushed down a little bit this quarter. Our funnel is massive. It’s the best it’s ever been both here and the U.S., and our teams--and believe me, we’ve had some very detailed, we call QBRs, our quarterly business reviews, and they’re adamant that the funnel and the pipeline looks great and demand is solid. It’s just taking longer to get the capital signatures. 
Chuck Kummeth: There is also, as I mentioned too, we definitely had some SimplePlex--you know, a lot of our clinicals are very large cartridge buys, and there was some timing issues in there. Like I said, if these bounce back like we think - you know, they come on and they come off and they come back on, [indiscernible] more or less, that will help as well, so. 
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, we got it. More or less, it was a long laundry list of reconsideration items over the last two years. We got everything we wanted back to match the NCCN guidelines about one issue, and that’s the negative biopsy, so we’re really good to go and that more or less doubles the TAM. The numbers are going up dramatically. Jim pointed out the numbers - we’re seeing hyper growth now, so we’re adding reps, we’ve added--I’m not giving numbers, but we added 25% more reps this last two quarters, so we’re on fire. The new leadership team there over the last six months or so has been amazing.  We’ve done everything. We’re changing our message to lining up with Cal Ripken Jr. again, a lot of shows, but we are just ready to publish the next--the 2.5 year outcome study, which is like 1,000 patients. That’s the big event waiting for the rest of the big guys out there in insurance. We’ve got Humana but we’re after United and the rest of Blues and all these, and we’re knocking on the door. It’s coming. 
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, well we separate our run rate into, we call larger orders and smaller orders, and our large orders are something over $10,000, and those are either pharma-related larger orders or larger biotech orders, or bulks. The bulks are on a special volume curve, so not a pricing impact so that doesn’t explain that, but on everything else but the bulks, I think what you just said is very possible, an issue that’s happened.  We are seeing slowness to purchase and some push-outs on a lot of these orders, and being told such, that the demand is not going away but they’re watching their dollars. There’s kind of a cash crunch right now, and I think we have--probably it’s uncomfortable to tell us that maybe we were de-prioritized versus getting in with an instrument that they couldn’t get for the last nine months because of supply chain issues from somebody else or whatever. We’ve had no issues and everybody knows we’re steady and we can deliver, and our on-time delivery records are at record levels and we’re unique out there. We’ve never had one supply chain issue through this whole COVID mess to speak of, so of anything material, we sell. The team’s been outstanding.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, great question. I had a long career at 3M which had a lot of operations management in a low growth company, so I know how to pull triggers on and off, and I know how to deal with things when they slow down or whatever. Attrition has been more or less a nightmare for us and everybody, and so we are still full steam ahead. Part of our margin impact has been the catch-up in hiring, and so we’re still looking at doing that, so we’re really hiring hard in SVD, hiring still in China. China is lighting it up again. Namocell, our new acquisition, we’ve almost doubled their headcount in the six months we’ve owned them, but in other areas that we’re maybe looking softer to antibodies [indiscernible] we talked about this quarter, we’re looking at mission critical needs and replacements and looking at as we expand. As businesses grow, they need people. If they’re not growing, they’re going to need less people. We are still on a track--we added 300 people net last year, I’d be shocked if we didn’t add 300 net this year, to be honest, so. We’ve got a cautious outlook in some areas. We’re looking at all the areas that we manage - we have five divisions and we have roughly a dozen or so business units. As you know, a couple are super important to us - cell and gene therapy, exosomes, and so those are kind of what they need is what they get. Even Asuragen, growing near 25%, lighting it up in Europe, needing people, we’re adding people. I’m more concerned about losing great people and getting behind all this attrition. It is getting better, as you commented and you asked about, much better. People are coming back to work, too, so people are wanting to come back to work finally.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes, well, we were roughly 12 or more full points ahead of last quarter in growth, so we’re on our trek back. We expect mid teens, in that range for this quarter, and on our way back to 25 end of the year as a run rate level. Kind of expecting the year to be roughly 20-ish or so, even with the soft dig-out here from the China lockdowns.  It’s still sporadic; in fact, we’ve got meetings this week where I was trying to get my head of Asia in. He was in Shanghai and he couldn’t get out because he couldn’t get through Canada, through visa issues, so. We just heard Disney locked people in their resort and they won’t let them go because there’s an outbreak or something, so it’s going to be almost building by building, block by block is the way it’s been described to us. It’s not city-wide and it’s not over yet, but I would say it’s drifting slowly towards opening overall. We don’t see Shanghai locking down again, which would hurt our warehouse, so we think we’re still open for business across China.  We talked about the steady improvement in China and we’re on track, if not better than on track for this quarter and beyond.
Chuck Kummeth: We have not enough whales, a few tunas, and way too many plankton in our customer list, so we’ve got 150 customers that only a handful are really large ones, and obviously the there’s a timing issue, they’re spotty in their orders for their clinicals and such. We are adding people and driving the pipeline and just getting out there, doing more with Wilson Wolfe and our scale ready team to try and get our stuff pulled in, focusing as much on regenerative medicine as we are in cell and gene therapy, because we are the leader in regen medicine for reagents whereas we aren’t in cell and gene therapy, and we have a lot of buy-in there.  A lot of the new products going out are for regen med, so we’ll have the largest portfolio. We do now, but we’ll have the largest in St. Paul as well by the end of the year, we think, of menu items. We’re sampling a lot. People are astounded at the lot to lot consistency in what we have, but end of the day, it’s not the big ticket item for doing a clinical. The reagents are important, they’re critical, but you’re going to have to show more than just price and things to work your way in, and whereas we’re in the pole position in regen but we’re not in cell and gene therapy, so we’re still fighting some big competitors out there with Celgene, [indiscernible] and others, but we’re holding our own and growing nicely and it’s coming, so.
Chuck Kummeth: Some was high teens. I think I said double digit to mid teens, maybe there was a high teen or two. Primarily it is around all the different platforms we have in PSS. They are having a good October and still focused more on the U.S. We’re still collecting data here for Europe. Europe is improving, but how could it not improve, so. So yes, strong, proteins for sure, antibodies for sure, assays for sure.
Chuck Kummeth: Okay, well thank you. It is interesting that we have a double-digit quarter in our diagnostic reagents division but there are no questions. We had so many quarters and years of negative growth, and this thing is lighting it up as well and small molecule is just on fire, especially in the GMP format for us. The only thing we didn’t cover too much, but more good news there. With that, I’ll end the call and look forward to the one-on-ones the rest of the day, and talk to you next quarter. We’re looking forward to it. Thank you. 
Jim Hippel: Yes, so I guess the first thing, to address the biotech, we’re seeing performance in our smaller biotechs relative to our larger pharma. We’re not seeing much differentiation. For us, when you look at the smaller purchase, what we call a run rate business which is lower dollar value, which is probably 80% of the purchases coming through, the growth in Q2 and continuing here in October continues to be mid-teens growth, particularly here in the U.S. Back to Chuck’s earlier point, it’s really the larger bulk purchases that had tougher comps and were more, call it soft this quarter and probably faced more competition with some of the supply chain breaks that were occurring in the larger dollar instrument purchases in terms of competing for dollars.  With regards to looking forward, I think Europe is still the biggest question mark. We’re seeing strong performance here early in October, but obviously the macro picture there is a bit cloudy for everyone, and that’s something we’re keeping our eyes on that could--you know, that would be the one flag that could deter us from achieving double digit, if anything.
Jim Hippel: Yes, if you look at our year-over-year comps, first of all, the comps become less of a hurdle year over year as we progress through the year, including next quarter. We’re hopeful that the regional headwinds we faced, mainly in China as well as in Europe for the first two months of the quarter, this quarter will continue to improve. We have a lot of confidence in that with China and so far here in October, we’re seeing more confidence in that with regards to Europe. Had those two regions not underperformed relative to the U.S. and to their historical performance, relative performance, we probably would be talking about double-digit growth in Q1 as opposed to something below that, even with the tough comp. 
Jim Hippel: I’ll just add, Chuck, we’re hearing from our commercial teams, it’s not so much--it’s not that we’re losing any kind of bulk orders or instrument orders, it’s more about delay in getting them through the system. 
Jim Hippel: Yes, and it’s really going to be volume leverage that will allow us to continue to expand our margin on a go-forward basis. I think we’ll still have the same headwinds around FX and around that price inflation dynamic, even though we’re covering inflation dollar for dollar. But the investments--you know, as Chuck mentioned earlier, we caught up in a big way in the second half of fiscal year ’22, particularly in Q4 with our growth investments, and so it’s much more surgical in terms of the investments going forward as opposed to hire everyone you can kind of mentality, as it was the past couple years.  With the growth investments moderating and the volume ramping as we sequentially go through the year, you can expect that leverage to drop to the bottom line and margins to expand. 
