Chuck Kummeth: Sure. Well, biopharma is still pretty resilient. And I think as we talked about, I think we have some upside even there with a lot of instrumentation that is hotter than ever. Biologics is doing really well. We are starting to see that drift into cell and gene therapy qualification. So we expect that platform to continue to do well. Simple Western is a little bit under pressure because unlike biologics, it’s kind of 50-50 with academia; so a little softer. It’s anyone – yes, when things start opening up. I mean, you’re hearing it already state-by-state, including lawsuits. There’s a lot of fatigue out there. People want to go back to work. And with that, labs will reopen. And I think people are also getting creative with what they can start doing. And then we are seeing more activity online and a lot of webinar activity. And so end of April, maybe not so much material. By May, we’re hoping some. Certainly, in Q1, we expect to see things starting to come back. So we’re hoping this is more of a V versus a long U. And that’s kind of where we’re looking at it.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, I know in our own labs, which is remarkably a lot like every other lab, that we’re pretty social distant anyway. People aren’t just on top of one another in these labs. So I think there’s a good – it’s just going to take time for people to acknowledge that and kind of get into it. But the world is going to be different. There will be masks that work for quite some time, I’m sure, and a lot of different things. But a lot of our people wore that stuff and gloves anyway. So I don’t think there’s been too much issue there. Pretty amazing to see China just kind of turned back on. If there any good data point that if you come back and follow good social distancing, everybody wears a mask, it looks like there’s a good promise that we don’t have a reescalation. So anyone guess over what happens with wave one, two, three over the next coming years. I’m sure there’ll be some of that, too, but we’re very, very optimistic that when this is all done, the paltry $40 billion NIH budget is going to go up dramatically. So it’s a rounding year compared to what’s been lost and what’s been thrown around here for stimulus. So research is going to go up, and we’re perfectly positioned. And by the way, we’re going to be plugging some of this hole too with COVID-19 projects, which we alluded to. I wish we had more positive press release type news to give you, but we’re working on many projects here than some that could really scale. But it’s too early to tell you. If and when we come out with tests, serological or other, you’ll know that it will have the R&D systems brand-new quality behind them. So it won’t – it will be something remarkable and with high sensitivity and specificity, and we’re working on technology platforms around what we’re good at, antibodies and proteins that can be differentiated from everybody out there and who is chasing the stuff. So stay tuned more to come.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, it’s anyone’s guess how much will go one way versus the other in infectious diseases, but in terms of our portfolio, all of it. I can’t imagine that there won’t be an amazing interest continuing in the proteins that were developed. We’re selling a lot of proteins that things are going up a lot in a lot of categories that are used in this research, and also with antibodies. And poly through monos, it’s been pretty exciting. We almost can’t keep up in some areas. So we’re working on scalable solutions that can resupport partners for things like serological. For – there’s been a lot of relaxation with the FDA to try and have something work out there and there’s been some negativity around that. But I can guarantee you that we’re on top of this and involved in many fronts and our reagencies are going to do really well. The tools are going to do well. You got to measure this stuff. We are the worldwide leader in ELISA Kits. And ELISA Kit is the best way to do a serologic. It’s the cheapest, it’s fast. Everybody has automation. So we’re a world leader in Luminex with many partners. Luminex is another way to attack a lot of stuff in there. Everyone’s got their flavor of these different partnerships and deals. And it’s just become so vast. And like we talked about here, when do you see a new $1 trillion plus market open up overnight? And it’s – there are a lot of opportunities here, and we get the best of both worlds to chase the new market, but also do something wonderful for society. We’re going to help eradicate this virus. We’re involved on more fronts than we can even tell you. In terms of resources pivoted, virtually over 200 employees have been refocused around these projects in the company. And they may not all work out. We may win in some, lose in others or be a fast follower in others, but a lot of it or more, been around a lot of innovation, a long time. And these things always lead the stuff. And the funding is going to trickle down to touch many parts of our business. There’s no doubt in my mind. It’s hard to quantify right now, but it’s going to be – you got to look beyond Q4 and even Q1. You got to look into next year and the year after, we’re going to be stronger than ever with the base business, and we’re going to have all this incremental new business on top of it. And then we still have our cell and gene therapy and Exosome Diagnostics platform is just starting to ramp. So for us, it’s a better story than ever. As we start looking out one, two, three years, I mean, in our opinion, in Q3. Our Q3 results just kind of make that indicative. We had a pretty darn good quarter.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we have our whole team in, and we have our management in, too, including our leaders had to go in and go through quarantine to get back in the country. The country has got very, very strict guidelines to get in. So they’re not letting anybody in without going through quarantine. So that’s a big part of why they’re staying safer probably. Everybody is wearing masks, according to our team. If you’re – China is one of those countries where there’s a lot of lines in and so social distance up to this point was a very small distance. It’s going to change and it is changing. And there’s not been a material resurgence. So if there’s no resurgence, we think it’s, like we said, back to double-digit or higher already this quarter. So nothing but up. If there’s a resurgence and there’s new rules going in place, we’ll have to adjust. But right now, there’s nothing to worry about there. I’m frankly, much more concerned about what happens in India. And Japan and Korea are both a little behind the curve right now as well. So although we had a wonderful Q3, it’s because really, they were just late to the game of the lockdowns. So as they work through their lockdowns this quarter, we’ll have that hit, but hopefully, they’ll have the same coming out that China did. But judging what we’re seeing in Brazil right now, I don’t like seeing that because I think India is really at risk. But – and that’s a big growth platform for not this year per se materially, but looking five years out, so it could put some risk into that. But I think Korea and Japan will be fine after a quarter here. And I think China is moving forward. We don’t see a real hit. Europe is a slower recovery and its country-by-country. We were having an outstanding quarter until this hit. And – but I do think we are on track with a lot of fixing of Europe already, execution-wise, which is in place. And so as they go back to work and labs reopen, I think we’ll be in a much better spot in Europe as well. U.S. has been phenomenal. So – and it remains so. And this is where we’re going to see a lot of our COVID-19 incremental growth this quarter and beyond. So hopefully, we’ll have nothing to show but extra positive news there. So this is almost sadly the event we’re looking for, for Ella. Ella is finally going to see its day. And we’re up – we expect 75% growth in Ella this quarter and probably a double for next year again. So it’s going to become a material platform, finally, when this is all said and done. And our ability to get it through all the FDA-related clearances has become easier, obviously. So...
Chuck Kummeth: It never went negative. And we ended mid-single digit. We were expecting – we do it like everyone, we got a monthly flash. We had a monthly process, and we were expecting maybe minus 2, minus 3. That’s the team was thinking, but it never got down there, and we ended up mid-single digit. I think you’re seeing a difference us versus others and other peers have a lot heavier instrumentation level in their portfolio than we do. We’re also not that big, right? So on the reagents front and the things that can back up to speed quick in lab, that’s kind of us. So it’s a quicker recovery. If you’re dealing in mass spec and HPLC and things like that, it’s going to be slower. So I think you’re seeing some of that. And – but we were on a nice growth level anyway. So I’m not surprised to see this as long as labs are back at work. The kind of research they do with us with a lot of reagents level testing is something that will snap back quickly, which we also expect to see as well following in Europe and U.S. that’s why we made the comments that we did about a fast recovery once labs reopen.
Chuck Kummeth: And like we said before, I think with virtually a one quarter or less than a quarter shutdown, you don’t see a lot of – first, I’m a little confused by some of the instrument players out there with their comments because with one quarter shutdown or less, it shouldn’t have that big of an impact on instrumentation and the way the sales cycle is for those. I can tell you, our instrumentation is come out of the door strong in April because there’s been pent-up demand. Because it’s only been off for a month or two. So these orders were there. And now there’s somebody there to take delivery. And we’re – our bookings are really strong in China right now and all our instrumentations.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we had a great quarter there. And in fact, this is – shouldn’t be unnoticed, the third quarter in a row without being negative. I don’t think that’s ever happened. So as I’ve stated, our lumpiness is starting to dissolve. We’ve got our glucose under control. But there is a lot of our reagents that go into the pipeline for diagnostics, and a lot of it’s headed towards COVID-19 as well. So we’re very strong right now. Hematology is strong. And the Diagnostics, in general, the upstream work that we do at San Marcos is very strong. A lot of large orders. As you know, we ship a lot of IgM and IgG. So they’re – there are a lot of players that want everything we can make. Our issue is now we’re starting to look at our own level of possible serologic than anything else. So we need a lot of the stuff ourselves. And so we’ve never had – we’ve never had this before, but we can’t – we don’t – we can’t make enough. So we’re really focused on that. So yes, I think it’s – the strength in our – we call our Diagnostics Tools division is – will remain strong. So I mean, it’s still not the – margins were very good this quarter. Its one area we do get leverage with scale with that, and we see it continuing. So best it’s been. And the pipeline has never been better. I’ve told you for many quarters it’s been building and we have newer companies coming on board, and we’re getting more visibility. Companies like Mindray in China, very strong customers and getting stronger and stronger. So the business is building. So it’s great.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Well, as you know, we make and sell over 50,000 reagents, and over half of those are antibodies. And then we redistribute and source another couple of hundred thousand or more. There’s a long tail, though, as you can imagine, and we have a lot of heavy runners. And like I just mentioned, we saw a lot of bulk orders in IgM to some of the big eyes out there in Diagnostics, always have. This gives us the ability to do things for ourselves, should we want to. And so we have been under attack by many partners who want to work with us to have our world-class quality reagents into their tests. Here’s the issue. Anybody in their kitchen can make 20 assays and get through a decent qualification and make it look like they have something. It’s a much bigger deal when you’ve got to figure out a way to make 5 million tests a week. We can do that. So we’re working on scaling that. We don’t give out still the numbers of our actual component of a division like that, but it’s still roughly in just around one-third or so of that division. And you’ve – we’ve been talking about the growth rates. Our growth rates in antibodies have been very strong, double-digit up until recently, and we’ve been taking share really everywhere across the world. We’ve been attributing that to our strong digital campaign and our digital processes and websites coming together and being able to do a lot more SEO and et cetera, and AdWords payment and such; so all these have worked a lot for us. But that’s kind of across the portfolio. So right now, the focus is on how to how to scale a handful of these that are in super high demand because these are the winners of the world looking for these very scalable tests. The trick is can you scale them? Can you make them in a bulk form, in a cell line, and which means you’ve got to be looking at monos probably. And we’re one of the few companies in the world that can really do this. And that when we say we can do it, we can do it. So stay tuned.
Chuck Kummeth: It’s going to be a mix. Well, still the vast amount of our portfolio that’s for research, right? And with academic labs down starting – so we had that hit. It wasn’t so bad in Q3, but Q4, we’ve talked about where it’s going to be. So will the new antibody work for all these tests offset the gap from academic research in general? It’s hard to guess. Some of these are massive opportunities. It’s going to depend if we get the deal or not. And if we get it, we’ll be talking about it. If we don’t, we’ll be – we probably won’t be able to make that gap up in a quarter. But if you look out a year, I think we’ll have – we’ll be back in full strength and double-digit on antibody. And I think we’ll have some portion of all this new world going ahead as well. So I expect our antibody business to be thriving in a year from now. It’s really hard to pin down how much, but got to be a couple of points better than we were doing up until this quarter, I would think, at least. And it could be multiples of that if we get some of these opportunities land in our favor.
Chuck Kummeth: Talk about the quarter-to-quarter sequential improvement in the dilution because we are making money. We’re kind of watching our investment that’s working.
Chuck Kummeth: And I’ll add to that and then cover the utility study. We could invest harder, but now more than ever, there’s no need. I mentioned about a very successful webinar of 100. We’ve actually had – since the last few days, multiple webinars with over 100 urologists. So they’re all tuning in. And this home study is really going to be helpful. I mean, and the Exact Sciences is a good example of what you can do with a home application. But we started this out with a very small set of KOLs to get a launch, get it going and kind of work the kinks out. It’s had already remarkable success. We’re expanding it immediately. So I think this is great. And all our competition out there, you either have to do a blood sample or a DRE, so you can’t do those at home. So we have clearly now a real differentiatable solution. So that’s all going pretty well. And we’re still focused on partnerships and talking to multiple entities. One deal we do have done we will be announcing soon and hopefully some more coming as well. And then there’s a long term platform. We are in the midst of the clinical study for the bladder. Things have slowed down with patients, obviously, with electable things not being pushed out. And kidney rejection is moving forward as well, but we’re still negotiating, looking at partnerships on the blood side. We have validated tests for lung and breast and a lot of interest, but these things take time. So it’s a platform that’s going to get there, whether it’s really there and as a home run in one, two, three years or it takes 10, I don’t know, but it’s all going in the right direction. The utility study has been done for a while, and it’s nothing more we can do. It’s in their hands and they’re making the pretty pictures and getting it ready for print. And it’s supposed to be within the month, but we said two months are better in the transcript today, but we expect it to come out in May. Its 1,000 patients, so it’s a good study and it has an amazing control element to it as well. So it’s going to get a lot of notice. So it’s going to have an impact. And we, of course, have pre-released it to the – a lot of the payers. And they’re impressed, but of course, they want to see it in formal print before they can make any coverage decision. So it’s all going in the right direction, expect that to happen this quarter as well. And onward and forward, we’ll keep grinding.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, we’re hoping it’s the bottom of the quarter. So you can take that as you may and get to your minus 10%, 20% we gave. It’s hard to give you much more than that, Dan, right now.
Chuck Kummeth: I can tell you though. We expected 75% growth in the Ella platform is only that because we can’t make any more. We’re going to have over 150% growth in instruments this quarter alone in that platform. It’s a complicated cartridge, as you know, and it’s just – it’s – we just can’t make anymore. We can’t scale it more quickly than that, but it’s going to keep growing at those kind of levels, I think, quarter-on-quarter now, hopefully, so. One good success story, I mean a year from now; it will be a very material part of that division.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Well, there have been dozens of pre-clinicals and valuations. We’re selling a lot of GMP proteins now. Unfortunately, they’re very small lots because they’re basically in our research facility. That’s why we’re building a GMP factory. So we’re testing and looking at equal – equality programs or things in clinicals right now on many, many fronts. This one is one that’s been in the mix for a while, and it was the first one to come up, but there’s many more close behind it. Now that said, just because they get a supply agreement in place, doesn’t mean that we’re ready to go to the races here with volume. It’s going to take time to finish their Phase IIIs and get ramped and there’s timing. So it’s a one – that’s one quarter to four or five quarters until you can start seeing anything come out of at the other end. But like I said, I think there’s such a stigma around the whole viral vector side of all this stuff, and people are – they’re scared about these 18-month lead times you’re seeing on these approaches and cell therapies that we expect there’s going to be a continuation of people coming to us early like this company did before they’re done with their clinicals to try and get a supply agreement in place, do the test and make sure they like what they see and try to make sure they know they’re going to get something without waiting a year or two to get access to supply. So it’s still kind of a J-curve. We don’t expect our cell and gene therapy business to be at that $300 million level as a potential division for five years out. And it’s a J-curve to get there, but the best part of that – the front end of that, the biggest part of the growth of assets will be GMP protein as we feel so. I can tell you the JV the stuff does funnel through that, and they have over 100 customers that are evaluating. Everything from the de novo instrument through PC [ph] buster, through our cloud, so there’s a lot of activity. This thing is going to happen.
Chuck Kummeth: As you know, we’ve been waiting many, many years to get back into Sysmex, and that’s when working out now. So before I arrived, I think it’s eight, nine years ago, they lost a big lawsuit here with them, and there was IP involved. And that IP has expired all this past year, and so we’re after it and they’re after it with us. And we’re growing that account, which is one of the biggest accounts in the world in this area for controls, and then the pipeline is full of others as well. So this division is never – in my mind, never looked better in terms of a potential evening out and leveling the growth.
Chuck Kummeth: I think the big takeaway is that we’re hoping for more of a V versus a long-standing U here, okay, in recovery. So we’ve got to all watch the level of resurgence. And if these lockdowns come up, if fatigue does really take over and states open up and labs reopen under – maybe under new ways to work and stuff, we’re going to get a lot more business quickly. And we’ll just have to watch and see what happens with the virus after that. So hopefully, these antivirals come on strong as they look like they are reaching the news now and a year from now when people know there is a vaccine, it possibly can help. I think it will take an extra year for people to trust the vaccine, but it’s a year out to be back to normal in business, but I think we’ve got new stuff coming that layers on top. But I think also the added investment into research already being talked about is going to – we’re going to get a bunch of it. We’re going to have to. I mean, there’s no way for us not to. We’re just too much everywhere.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, you saw our great results on OpEx this quarter. There’s only one area we’re overspent, and that’s that area. So we keep doing a lot of data analytics and seeing what we’re getting for our digital investments. And we continue to get more than 10:1, $10 to $1 on investment and basically in revenue. So every dollar we invest in the digital platform, we’re getting back 10 or better in revenue. So I’ve told the team, keep doing it, keep spending, keep buying AdWords, keep working on SEO, keep getting into our customers’ laptops and computer environments as they’re searching, and it’s going to lead to more business, and it’s so far working. It’s just as important in Europe as it is the U.S. I think Asia is a little different. Much more local language involved there. But we’re also expanding now in Europe to make sure we have a German version of everything we’re doing as well as others, and that’s also going to help. And that’s early days for that, but that’s more upside, I think.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. There may have been a little bit in January in China, getting ahead of things, but it was probably more for the New Year than it was, it seemed they have a pandemic coming. I don’t think we’ve seen or talked about any of that. Not noticed any. No. I think if we are looking at a V here, not a U, I do think that we’ll have a quick snapback, and those orders, for instance, won’t go away. But if labs are shut down all year, then I think there is a bigger impact on larger orders and capital investments like that. But right now, we don’t see it, to be honest.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. Biopharma is steeper V, clearly. But we have less lab shutdown. They’re all working at least partially, right? They’re all – everyone else are staged and shifting. So there’s a little less activity, but they’re all open. Academia is going to be about once they come on so it’s going to be slower. And it’s going to be university-to-university, state-by-state. We’ve got very extensive plans out with all our sites of how we reopen, how we work locally with – within their states and their state guidelines, which are going to be all over the map, as you realize, so.
Chuck Kummeth: I think it’s early. Like everybody else, we buy the research to know where the grand money is going. And so we’ll be chasing that like everybody else. But as you know, we sell everywhere. So we’re going to get our piece of it. And we talked the last two, three, four years, it’s been roughly a 6% to 7%, 8% kind of increase annually in NIH, it’s been good times for the last few years, right? And we’ve talked about that adding a point to our organic growth because of that. So you can do the math yourself, but if we have this kind of influx, I think you can go on those kinds of ratios, I think. And yes, we’re going to be involved. And yes, we’re going to get a piece of it. And – but I do think it’s still early.
Chuck Kummeth: Yes. The only reason that platform was down was because they’re truly half in academia. So we’re still under 15% penetrated, we think. So when things are all back online, I think we’re back to double-digit growth of that. And it’s been consistent. I think it’ll remain consistent. Biologics has been a really nice come around here, and we talked about a couple of quarters ago, that being more and more interest in using the platform, in cell and gene therapy and QC-related activity, and that’s happening. And it’s happening everywhere, including Europe. So that’s really good to see. And that we have a higher penetration obviously, and we’re not the only game in town going after biologics, right? So – and then Simple Plex is – there’s lots of different flavors of doing multiplexing type of assays. Ours, of course, is highly sensitive, very fast because it’s microfluidic. It’s one of the few platforms that can do a panel in an hour and give you really good results for a problem like a cytokine storm problem. You aren’t going to wheel lock a Quanterix into a hospital as easily. So we’re winning all that business because of the ease of use, the fast speed of the results. It’s the size of a bread box, very reasonable in price and a pretty big menu for panels and the ability for us to make custom panels for anybody very quickly. So it’s all about making those cartridges and be able to scale up those panels and that business has been a rocket ride last couple of years. And now from this quarter on, we can’t make enough. So we’ll see. A big drawback has always been that it’s still a research-type instrument. And we’ve never really geared it for diagnostics and for being at the patient and be clinical, but now that’s changing and people are doing that for us because it works so well and they just – they want it. So they’re doing it. Italy is a good example.
Chuck Kummeth: Great question. Pre-COVID, we were ready to talk about the nice recovery in Europe, which was on track, especially in biologics and this hit and Europe is just shut down. Heck, they’re even on vacation today, after all this. So it is what it is. We have made changes. I think I made those comments in the last quarter. So we’re early on the changes commercial we made – and I’m hopeful. We’re just not that big yet in Europe. There’s things we can do, and recovery is going to happen there, on that front – on the execution front. And then again, a lot of the opportunities, Italy is a good example. We’ve got a lot of growth, a lot of work going in Italy, especially when they exhausted their health care system, and they needed testing. So the LS platform is perfect for that because it can measure analytes that spike early in the cycle. So there’s a lot of opportunity there, and we’ll get more. And it’s – we’ll see probably next quarter and quarter after if our decisions bear fruit or not, but they were starting to, through February, so.
Chuck Kummeth: We’re always looking for a deal, Alex. So we’re always hunting. We’re working on some right now. They’re smaller, but they’re good ones. We’ll see. I expect some things to get cheaper after all this is kind of done, and there’s some denial that leaves the system, but we’ll see.
Chuck Kummeth: Well, thanks. Thanks, everybody, for coming online. Again, I want to thank all our employees and partners that was – we’ve never worked harder, I can tell you that, and we’ve got a great team in place that all come with great resumes. They know how to work through a crisis like this. We’re doing all the right things. We’re working very ethically as well. We’re trying to solve these problems and help as much as we are trying to make new business. So look forward to a better quarter and a quarter out. This quarter, we’ll see how it turns out. It’s a wide range, but everyone is given a wide range. And I think you know the drill there. So everyone stay safe, and we’ll do the best we can, and we’ll talk to you next quarter. Bye.
Jim Hippel: Puneet, another way to think about it too is we’re gradually opening up the economy to go back to work. A lot of it is going to require social distancing practices while at work. There’s an argument that can be made that in labs, in general, it’s potentially easier for those practices to be put in place, perhaps in other types of industries. So another reason why we think that once the economy does, it starts to gradually reopen up life science research will be one of the earlier phases of that.
Jim Hippel: Yes, Catherine, this is Jim, and following on what Chuck just said, and Chuck is correct in saying that never throughout the quarter cumulatively that China ever fall below zero percent growth. However, you actually look at how the quarter played out. January was extremely strong. Just as we finished Q4 very strong in China, that momentum continued into January. It was basically a record January in terms of organic growth for China. And then as you would expect, in February, it was practically a complete shutdown. But by the time we got into early in mid-March, it rapidly started picking up again. And that’s kind of – that was kind of – when it was on, it was on very, very strong, and when it was off, it was not even a trickle.
Jim Hippel: Yes. With regards to the investments on the commercial side, I mean, clearly, as – right now, we’re definitely focusing on the digital marketing aspects of it, as Chuck talked about in his script. I mean, reality is mostly urologists are at home right now. And so – and we’re actually encouraging because we’re getting actually some very good response rates from them on webinars and hits to our websites and questions and so forth. So it would be nice if we could actually turn this a bit to our advantage and be able to have more contact with them and more education of our product with them during this time when they’re not, frankly, going into their doctor’s office. And so then – until then we’ll see as they start to come back in the office as the restrictions start to get lifted, and we’ll – that’s what we need from a sales force going forward from there. But there’s no immediate plan.
Jim Hippel: Yes. Yes. I mean, obviously, this is the most meaningful revenue we’ve had with Exosome this quarter so far to date. And our dilution with regards to the Exosome business is a lot less this quarter than it has been. That all being said, if you exclude Exosome from our results, we still would be over 40% operating margin in the rest of the company. So...
Jim Hippel: The other reason for that Dan is because one of those tailwinds I mentioned is what we’re seeing in our instruments portfolio, specifically in Biologics and Simple Plex. It’s based off of order rates that we’re seeing so far in April. But we’re very cautious about getting overly optimistic about that because the reality is the order flow of instruments is much more heavier in the back half of the quarter than it is in the first half. So even though the year-over-year improvement is very, very strong, it’s off a very low number to begin with. And so that’s why we hesitate to give those numbers out specifically.
Jim Hippel: No, there really wasn’t any real one-time benefits. If there was any that it can be variable, it would be in our diagnostic tools. They had large order flows from customers, and some of those orders are more profitable than others. So they did have some favorable mix in addition to their productivity measures they put in place. But I do believe mid-teens going forward is something we should be expecting from this segment. All three parts of that segment, Exosomes, Genomics division as well as our Diagnostic Tools had expanding margins year-over-year.
Jim Hippel: And Jake, this is Jim again. Let me just clarify my statement. I’d say on a normalized basis going forward, that should be the floor we should expect going forward in Q4, unfortunately, I do believe will be an exception to that just because of the volume drop off is going to be significant in both segments, we believe, at this point in time.
