Chuck Kummeth: Well, this is probably the best growth we’ve seen in a couple of years, at least, maybe longer. I’m not sure. It’s solid in the 30s percent. And we really grew on all fronts. The PrimeGene business really has come back really strong, everything from its OEM component to the China to China component. The CFDA Baidu scandal thing’s behind us and hospitals are buying. So they’ve got their certificates, so things seem to be ramping well there. We’re getting involved in more potential GMP-grade demand products that are going into oncology and different solutions in China. Not so different than the rest of the world chasing cell therapy and looking for GMP-grade everything. We are all going to be riding this GMP-grade set of reagents very soon and I predict a shortage probably in five years if we don’t all start capitalizing towards it.  What’s great for us is we’re picking up share because these little guys that can’t afford, they were biting our ankles three, four, five years ago. They’re going to disappear because they can’t make the investment and the requirements are now getting much more stringent. There’s been an outcry for quality validated antibodies that’s been heard. And us top five, or six, or seven suppliers have heard those cries in delivering validated antibodies, and a lot of those little guys are going away. So in terms of China, it all flows well there for China as well. The instrument business is flowing quite well there. There’s a lot of need for it. There may have been a few machines where some people afraid the tariffs might hit them later. There could’ve been some of that, not a lot. In general, our products, especially the reagents and the tools, they go into programs that are really government-funded. The government’s not stupid there. They know that if they’re raising tariffs on products that they’re into buying, they’re going to end up paying more for, it is kind of silly, so we’re not really affected by too much. We’ve been kind of omitted from all that. It could happen but there aren’t any local suppliers. We’ll pass it on and the government will just have to pay more. So that’s the way it’ll be. So far there’s been no impact and our demand has improved, our growth has improved, our results have improved. And we have now knocking on 150 employees in China and this is the best time we’ve seen in China in a couple years, so.
Chuck Kummeth: Pretty balanced. Double-digit in here, both categories. Academic, it’s a little higher than biopharma here in the U.S. But in that area, that’s probably including the services side. I’d say it’s pretty balanced here in the U.S., too. If you’re talking just protein science, it’s pretty balanced. Low double-digit.
Chuck Kummeth: We’ll probably remain more on the private side. We’re just a titch over two times on leverage. We definitely have some capacity but we did five deals this last year and we’re integrating. We have enough on our plate. We know how important it is to get Exosome Diagnostics right. We are definitely at the inflection growth area where we need to really take Genomics division to the next level. It’s a $60 million, $70 million run-rate business as we’ve talked about last quarter. It’s growing in the numbers we’ve told you. And so that still needs attention. We have new leadership there as well. We’re expanding in Europe and we’re just getting off the ground with that in Asia. We have the Atlanta Biologics we don’t talk much about but it is a media business, a serum business. We’ve got ideas to expand it globally and rebranding it with R&D systems. It takes some work. We have some smaller ones as well that don’t take a lot of work. But somebody has to be assigned to it so it’s always something. So we’re a little busy right now. So where are we interested? We still run a process. Frank’s still pretty busy here. We run a meeting every two weeks. Our hopper’s still over 100. It’s definitely more private than public. I don’t see a lot of prices going down an awful lot for the private especially the sizes we look at. Where we’re most interested is probably still working through this flywheel for cell therapies. There’s a lot more positions in the wheel that we don’t have. We’ve got a lot of positions. We’re definitely a player now. We love that. We’re getting a lot more interest because of it. We’re getting more critical mass. But there are certain other areas. A wonderful bio-reactor solution came into sight. We’d be looking at it. We’re still looking at things in single-cell areas. There’s interest levels, areas we’re looking at still. There’s quality control. There’s pieces of that cell therapy work flow that – there are some nice, small companies that have formed and are growing and riding that wave. The numbers – you know as well as I do the numbers predicted in CAR-T and in cell therapies in general the next five years are staggering. So I do think it’s going to be an everybody-wins market if you just get in. So it’s a matter of getting land at this point.
Chuck Kummeth: So Leica is our first partner and our primary partner, but we’re not exclusive and we are working with Entana and there’s some things going on there. And we’ve got some notes, Jim’s looking up a few notes here as well. I like the menu and what they’re forward in Leica. They are trying very hard, they seem very serious. We are definitely also working with Entana and we’re working with some others as well. We’re not going to name them right now, but there’s strong interest. As we get critical mass, I think there’s going to be interest. This tissue biopsy technology really works. And the market understands what in situ hybridization is because it’s been around a while, it’s just never had a solution that worked this well before.  So as we transition from really research, where people get trained and publications will happen and critical mass will happen and awareness growth. It’ll grow more and more towards a pathologist I think and CDx - companion diagnostic capabilities - is where there’s going to be the next wave of attraction. I don’t think it’s overnight, this stuff takes time, but the scale is big. I mean these are billion dollar markets to get into these areas. And so we just have to be patient and patient we will be.
Chuck Kummeth: Which we call Genomics division now. Yeah. So the leader left recently. We brought in and we talked about it probably four months ago or so. Kim came in. Kim was running Genomics, pretty much all of Genomics except for Ion Torrent I think from Thermo Fisher. He’s worked for me before. I know him from my Thermo days. He came via BD. He has an outstanding track record. This guy is a leader. I think he knows virus safe languages. He’s a super good global leader. He’s a team player and he’s got his hands personally on this. He actually lives just across the bridge from where the office is. So it’s not a big operation yet in terms of what Kim’s experience is, so it’s kind of child’s play for him really. He has that along with the Diagnostics division as well.  In terms of right now what we’re working on? We want to make sure that the team stays intact. It has been. We have – the company’s Chief Medical Officer is Rob Monroe, who is from that business unit. All the scientists are still intact. We have retention packages in for all key people, of course, that’s going to run out a few years. These segments have never been better. So I think we’re in a good place. If you want to work for a great company and be part of an exploding division, this is a good place to come. Tissue biopsy is going to be a big deal in a lot of areas and we have a close cousin now, a technology platform with a lipid biopsy, with Exosome of course as well, which we’ll be doing things together in the future, but not yet. There is certainly competitive forces, being they’re in Newark and it’s the Bay area, but I think we’re doing okay with that so far.
Chuck Kummeth: We study the situation best we can. Europe is Europe. And I’m not sure anyone gets three to five years of prosperity in Europe without a hiccup. But we’ve had a couple at least here. I think the next big risk would be some surprised that happen around a hard Brexit. I’m not even convinced a hard Brexit will occur. But if it does, we studied what it does to us and it doesn’t do anything material to us whatsoever. So we think we’re all right. Again, we have the kind of products and tools in place that customers want, and these customers are in large part very academic or biotech company-related and they’ll get it if they need it. If we end up having to do something around prices because of some arrangements with the EU or the U.K., we’ll deal with it. But our model right now suggests that we don’t have anything material to worry about there. Funding of course is on a country by country basis in Europe and remains pretty strong across the board. I think we’re still living off of the nice balance we’ve gotten here from going fully all-Europe with subsidiaries across all the countries in Europe buying out our distributors and keeping their teams excited, and they’re on board. They all stayed on board, the leaders of these businesses. And expanding and taking share locally in these countries. So right now it looks pretty good. I think we’re trying to crack and get more into Eastern Europe. I ran with a good idea for a while. And we still look at other areas as well. Israel’s a strong area for us. I think Russia eventually will be good. Not yet, though. But those are all going to be a gravy layer.  The main thing for us to get right is to continue seeing strength in UK and Germany. Germany and U.K. are roughly the same size and Germany should be bigger, so we would say there’s still more share to get in Germany, to be honest. France has come up nicely, mainly because of we bought Eurosome, which is located in France, so now we have a French subsidiary and it allows us to actually again get a little more, a little deeper into the country. Italy is also a little surprising, but again this is where we bought out space and really our Southern European operations, our leadership all come from that entity. And so of course Italy gets taken care of, and there’s always been strong research in Italy. So that’s all looking pretty good. So outside of a scare like a new Greece or Italy runs into trouble with going back to the lira or something, who knows, these all cause short-term hops in Europe, but you guys will see it before we see it. Right now, it’s looking good.
Chuck Kummeth: It’s improved. But the comps have been strong still. I mean this last quarter was still a 30-plus percent come. And we did okay, and it’s obviously reflected in our numbers. So looking forward I think we see improvements. But this isn’t a unique solution where we have kind of the whole market to ourselves, like we do with Western blotting. This is the one we are competing with other technologies, everything from iron exchange, which is still a primary solution used in production, which we fight every day. These large customers, the development team fights the manufacturing team on what should be used in production. We’ve been winning with our iCE platform but there has been a tough fight. We definitely had some softness a couple of quarters ago. Some of it related to some of that but also related to the fact that we don’t have the Empower limb system integrated, where a lot of manufacturing sites require Empower out of Waters. We are in full-blown development of that now, and we’ll have that - we are six months into it actually. We hope to have it released by next summer. And just the messaging of that has helped the platform, to be honest. These guys don’t make knee-jerk decisions, right? They’re specifying platforms for their production QC for new generations and for the long term, so this is helping improve the category. We still - I think we’re still not has happy as we’d like to see on the size side. Charge, we’re okay but on size, which was the new Maurice platform, I think there’s still more share to get. And then we’re also looking at expanding, getting more application help, and helping drive against those competitive forces. And so far, so good, Dan. The numbers have improved there, so we’ll see how it goes. I don’t think we’re back in the days of 40% growth anymore with that platform, but double-digit is certainly realistic.
Chuck Kummeth: So this is an area we do some activity basic on and they’re coded between research versus manufacturing. And this was a heavy manufacturing quarter and you saw by the numbers you gave you on Simple Plex, it’s just exploding. So we’re going to be hiring more and probably expanding there, and more probably more on the R&D side. So that’ll level out. We still stay committed to I think our levels of investment that we’ve always been.
Chuck Kummeth: Okay. Well, we’re about on the hour anyway, so that’s fine. Thank you, everybody, for the great call and the great questions. And, of course, we'll be following up with most of you on one-on-ones after this, and I look forward to talking to you all again next quarter. Thank you.
