Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2019 fourth quarter conference. I would like to begin by recognizing the Nordson's team for a strong performance against a challenging macroeconomic environment in 2019. Throughout my Nordson's site visits over the past four months, I've been very impressed by our passion for our customers. We're focused on serving our customer's critical needs, and creating precision technology solutions that bring differentiated value to our customer's businesses. Our focus on the customer, combined with the diversity of our end markets and applications continue to help us during these challenging macroeconomic times.For the fourth quarter, we generated solid organic growth of 4%. For the full year 2019, total company organic sales were down 1%, as compared to last year, where organic growth in both Adhesive Dispensing and Industrial Coating segments was offset by softness in electronics end markets served by the Advanced Technology segment. For the total company on a full year basis, we maintained operating margin and EBITDA margin in line with prior year despite lower sales, the distraction from tariffs.I'll speak more about our fiscal 2020 annual guidance in few moments, but first, I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton to provide more detailed perspective on our financial performance.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Greg. We will be launching a search for Greg's successor, including both internal and external candidates. Thank you for your time and patience during this morning's call. We will now pause and take your questions.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Chris, thank you for your question. We don't see any roll-offs that significantly impact our performance. We had a real strong year in medical with 11% organic growth, and our expectations will continue to be consistent with our performance in medical.
Sundaram Nagarajan: If you look at the midpoint of our sales forecast and include some currency offset and consider that we are a direct organization, we want to stay invested in our technology development and our sales interactions with our customers, we do expect inflationary impact on our labor costs, so there is really -- at the midpoint of our sales forecast there is probably not significant improvement to our margin, but as we move towards the higher end of our sales target, we would expect positive margin leverage.
Sundaram Nagarajan: These are fairly still early in sort of thinking about it. We still have significant opportunity in scaling up our medical platform and our testing inspection platform. So, we remain focused there. There are still opportunities. When they come to market is something we can't really determine, if we ever run out of opportunities there, you know, there are always other areas we're looking at, but in and out of the moment, so…
Sundaram Nagarajan: Allison, we certainly still see pretty good project activity. We're in middle of all of that. As you know, we're a market leader in those applications, where our customers lean on our technology and our capability to solve problems. So, we're in the middle of a lot of activity. We have not seen them convert into order rates or our order rates have not significantly picked up, but we're right in the middle of those projects. We feel very good about our market position, and continue to work with our customers. And as and when those project activities turn into orders, you will see us adjust our expectations.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, if you can sort of think about what we're seeing in our businesses today is, from third to fourth Quarter, we continue to see neutral, we really don't see any downside.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So, if you think about our electronic business, we are involved in a very diverse set of applications and end markets, including semiconductor packaging, product applications, to PC board, to automotive electronics, to 5G, so it's not one particular driver or the other, but overall throughout the electronics throughout the electronic supply chain, we are involved in multiple different applications, as you know, and we find that the project activities are pretty strong across the board.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So, as I would tell you that, you know, 5G projects continue to be in project phase and conversation, and discussions, and product development phase. Really, as you think about 5G infrastructure rollout, they are slower than expected. Probably early days now, in terms of how these projects convert into orders, but in general, you will find that our activity levels are pretty good, and we're so engaged in solving issues for people. So, we feel good about our project activity, it just -- you know, they've not converted into orders yet, so…
Sundaram Nagarajan: As we look at 2020, we feel good that at the mid to high end of the -- you would expect to see organic growth across the segment.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. It really isn't significant across the segments. It's primarily some restructuring charges that hit across the segments, as well as corporate, and makes up the bulk of it. So it's not enough to really move margin performance for any particular business.
Sundaram Nagarajan: On the operational improvement side, on the Adhesive segment, pretty much as you indicated, all of those came from consolidations that happened last year. We're through most of those. We feel like we're in a pretty good place in terms of margin performance here. I would say, really the margin performance in that business is going to be more proportional to the volume rather than any structural restructuring that is still left in the business…
Sundaram Nagarajan: On the semi, yes, we do see increased activity, and certainly we on the test and inspection side, especially our X-ray businesses, given the complexity of the new semis that are starting to come out, [indiscernible] two-and-a-half. We are starting to see some new opportunities. We are in lots of new project activities right now still going on. So, our expectation as those project activities convert into orders that we would adjust our expectations for that thing.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. On the battery side, we have significant -- I would say organic growth opportunities in battery, and we've made some nice progress. We've made some nice wins in the marketplace, certainly some of which you're seeing in the ICS business, but we remain focused there, but it is not as big an opportunity when you compare it to test and inspection and our medical platforms.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And just it's also a math, right, because our systems as a percent of 70 was down. So, it certainly, you know, but we're pretty pleased with how we are growing that part of the business, and so, our expectation is that this will continue to be a big part of while we continue to grow the business.
Sundaram Nagarajan: No, I would suggest that if we see an improvement in those end markets, it's going to be more about systems volume that's driving the top line.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Again, I want to thank you for your support. Despite macro challenges for our business, the diversity of our end markets and our focus on customer solutions will allow us to grow and improve margins over the long-term. We appreciate your time and attention on today's call.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Naga. Earlier this year, I marked 30 years with Nordson. It has truly been a pleasure to be part of such a great organization, and I want to thank all those I have worked with over these many years. With Naga's direction, and the collaboration and support of our executive team, the company is planning for its next phase of profitable growth. This is an exciting time for Nordson, and I know the company is well-positioned, and I will remain committed to ensuring a smooth transition over the next several months.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Matt. This is Greg. Order trends within adhesives, again, that's the kind of the resilient set of end markets with the non-durables have held up pretty well, pretty short, overall short cycle lead time. So, the performance that you saw in fourth quarter and really the full year is indicative of the resiliency of those end markets. We don't go down to that product line level, but we'd expect to continue to benefit from the strength of those end markets as well as where we bring innovation to new applications and new opportunities. So that's part of the business even against these challenging times, as we would expect it's held up pretty well.
Greg Thaxton: And Jeff, it's Greg. I would add just from, what we tend to see from a seasonality perspective, this is kind of a low point at which we would tend to see project activity for some of those end markets that you were referring to.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Walt, this is Greg. I think you characterized some of it pretty well. U.S. volume really in the quarter, we saw good growth across each of the segments. Europe to a large extent is related to some softness. We've talked along throughout the year of some challenging comps within certain product lines within ICS [ph], primarily non-woven product line being up against really challenging comps from the last couple of years, and that's where many of the OEMs are located. So that's the largest impact there within Europe, and then in Asia Pacific, we're in the quarter, really some good strength across all the segments.
Greg Thaxton: On the coatings, you're right, the fourth quarter, we suddenly realized the strong backlog that's going into the quarter. As we look into 2020, our expectations are it's going to be GDP kind of business. Really, we're through most of shipping all of our backlog there, but we're well-positioned to deliver on the GDP type of growth rate for ICS.
Greg Thaxton: So, think about the U.S. and the Europe, and just think about overall supply chain in the 5G has been disruptive pretty dramatically, because of -- trade disputes and such, and that is really a lot of project activities on a slower pace, and so, if you think about 5G technology as they transition into the phones, you really want to consider that the infrastructure work needs to get done first. Then if you back on the supply chain issues that have been created, that is really in our sort of understanding and recognition, that's sort of where there is some slowdown.
Greg Thaxton: And Chris, this is Greg. We've commented throughout the year that when you look at the electronic systems portion of advanced technology, it's really been the dispense platform that's been the area that we've seen the challenge against prior years. Test and inspection has held up pretty well for us this year, given all of these trends that are occurring within those spaces, and it's an area that we would expect to see some good growth opportunity going forward.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. We are through most of that, the consolidation that the period where we are incurring the duplicate costs, we were behind much of that at the end of last year and into this year. So, where we're going to see the benefit going forward would be as we're operating in a more efficient environment both from the standpoint of two facilities versus five, as well as where we've made investments in automation within the manufacturing environment, that's where we'll see the pick up, the efficiency gains in margin going forward. So, it's about pushing volume through this current state.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, we're participating in battery really in each of the three segments, and continuing to work with those who are driving the innovation there. So, it wouldn't be one that we would highlight as a target for M&A, it's more ensuring that we're funding the organic growth opportunities there within each of our segments.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Chris, this is Greg. On a full year basis -- and this would be kind of intuitive in a year where in some of the segments, our systems volume was down. On a full year parts, we are about 56% of revenue. Now, that's also aided by continued strong growth in medical, which is -- falls into that parts and consumables category. So, if we start to see a pick up in some of our end markets, and we're getting more system demand across the portfolio that might moderate a bit. On the other hand, we expect to continue to see medical growing at the kind of rates that we've been talking about historically. So, it's up a bit from historical, largely due to growth in the medical portion of the portfolio.
