Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2023 first quarter conference call. I want to thank our team for delivering another strong first quarter performance. There were a lot of bright spots in this quarter. To begin, it was the first quarter of contribution from our CyberOptics acquisition. The integration of the business is going well, and we are pleased with energy and engagement of our CyberOptics team. Test and inspection is a long-term growth focus for Nordson and we are very excited about the differentiated optical precision technology that CyberOptics adds to our portfolio. Next, we had a solid regional performance in the Americas and Europe, which collectively delivered 9% organic growth. This was partially offset by declines in Asia Pacific which saw weakness in China relating not only to the Lunar New Year shutdown, but also labor shortages due to the unfortunate spread of COVID-19 in the region. Once again, the diversification of our business and our steadfast dedication to the needs of our customers ensures we deliver results. Finally, I remain pleased by the ongoing deployment of the NBS Next growth framework. Each division is gaining momentum towards achieving top-tier growth, quality and on-time delivery performance. In this dynamic environment, NBS Next ensures we are focused on our greatest opportunities for profitable growth and it also clarifies where we can simplify so we can better focus resources on those opportunities. In a few moments, I will speak more about the business, and what we are seeing in our end markets, but first, I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Mike, what I'll do is I'll take you through segment by segment, the end market trends. And then, Joe, if you could sort of bridge some of the questions that Mike has, will be great. So first and foremost, in the last 45 days what we have really seen, orders have fallen off approximately 9% versus the prior run rates. And portions of this could be attributed to Chinese New Year, some of it could be are softening in the electronic process solutions business, which essentially does fluid dispensing for semiconductor and back-end electronics. What you also are seeing is that in these end markets, in addition to softer orders, we have had customer requested pushouts of order delivery, right? So that's -- those are the two things that are happening. Broadly, let's go segment by segment. If you look at our industrial precision solutions, we're running at or above our long-term growth rates, increasing demand in automotive, steady demand in industrials and consumer nondurable product lines, packaging and product assembly, particularly pretty -- doing fairly well in Americas and Europe with some softness in China. So IPS in general, we feel really good about where the orders are, where the backlog is and how we're thinking about Q2 and the rest of the year. If you come to Advanced Technologies, this is below our long-term growth rates. One thing to remind you is that the growth rates we are looking for in this segment, particularly, because we have diversified the volatility in the segment is suddenly muted than what we have seen the past. So a couple of things happening here, as I said, softening semiconductor orders over the past 45 days. Electronics traditionally being cyclical. We benefited in the first two years. And what we are now seeing is the downside of cycle. Our customers are beginning to reevaluate more the near-term capital spending versus the long-term capital spending. We still feel good about the long term. But in the short term, there is some softness in the orders. We're also seeing some weakness in our optical test and inspection product lines as it relates to the memory end market. Remaining test and inspection looks pretty strong. And if we go to -- now going to our medical fluid components, this is also below our long-term growth rates, but there are two different things happening here. What you find is double-digit growth in our interventional product lines. So this is the part of the business where we were pressured due to postponement of elective surgery during the pandemic, and now you see this business coming back pretty strong. And orders for balloons, cannulas, catheters are really a big part of our backlog. And in our biopharma-facing fluid component business, the order rates continue to be -- continue to be weaker than we had expected. And this is partially driven by our biopharma customers who are destocking inventory. During the pandemic, they benefited partially from COVID, but also where rebuilding their inventory because of supply chain concerns. We fundamentally believe this is a strong business. It will get back to the high single digits in time. And the last bit, I would say, is there is some weakening in our fluid dispensing injected motor product lines in construction as well as electronics in China. So hopefully, that gave you -- I gave you a lot of things here, but give you some color segment by segment, what we are seeing. Joe, you want to - sorry, go ahead Joe.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me just comment on the order rates and, Joe, you can pick up on the margin for the segment. Order rates, what we are seeing is the customer order patterns have stabilized and might there be some green shoots in terms of a recovery of order rates from these customers. Long term, 7% to 8%, high single digits is how you want to think about this business. I'd love tell you that I know exactly when this is going to come back. From what we can see is we feel good about the stability in the orders and a slight pickup in orders that we're beginning to see if you push me to give an exact date, it's going to be difficult. But definitely, this is a recovery that has already begun is probably the best way to put it.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think - the way to think about it is our NBS Next deployment is accelerating, gaining momentum within the company. And it is becoming more holistic than it was maybe two years ago. So what does that all mean? That means that our businesses are really sharp on what are the best opportunities, division-by-division, not the entire company in total, but division-by-division. And staying invested in innovation in our core strong businesses. That is a top priority for us. And we are also accelerating capital investments in businesses where we have pretty strong growth. For example, our interventional business, very recently, we have signed off on a significant capital to expand product lines, right? So I feel really good about where we are. I think it is really important to remember, not only are we staying invested in our core businesses where we have strong positions. But we're also investing in businesses that are - have a growth potential for us. In some cases, where the order entry has declined, we are adjusting cost more from a variable perspective. But even in those cases, we stay invested in our innovation in our electronic businesses, because that's - that is the source of our differentiation. Our customers count on us. These are not three-month kind of thinking process. This is multiyear because in our electronics business, most of customers long- term, we are going to see significant capital investments to expand capacity for semiconductor in North America and in Europe. And we need to stay relevant in those, continue to participate in those and fully leverage our technologies.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me take sort of what we are seeing with our customers and why the push outs. And then, Joe, if you have any additional color you can add to that. One of the things that I would tell you is, think, about our systems as large subsystems that go in a part of a larger manufacturing line. So typically, that's what we do. We play a - so when you have a large construction project of it, we don't hear any of our customers saying, these capital expansions are going away. That's not what we're hearing. What we are hearing is that in the construction phase of it, they do have other vendors that they are expecting delivery of systems, subsystems from are delayed and hence don't need this delivery in this quarter, right? And so it has been pushed to the second half. And the reason we are confident about this is just the prepayments. So all of these large system orders come with repayments and our prepayment increases are in line with our backlog increases. And so we feel pretty good about it. And that's -- hopefully, that gives you what you're looking for.
Sundaram Nagarajan: One thing I would also just add to that is in these businesses where we have book and ship, our recurring revenues are more than 50% of our revenue. So -- and in those businesses, it's in some cases, a little higher. So our confidence level in these businesses more comes down to the fact that our customer confidence level on the supply chain has improved, and I think that's the good news. The good news is in 50% of our businesses, the customer has begins to believe that supply chain problems have gone away. And hence, their order entry are sort of in line with what you would expect for their real demand is. So that -- for me, that gives me pretty good confidence as well.
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think the way to think about this -- and I'd love to be able to give you a more precise answer on when this is going to come back. What I can tell you is the declines have stabilized, and we are beginning to see some recovery in order entry from big biopharma customers. And that is -- that's based on what we see today. I would hate to give you any more detail because it will be more speculation from my perspective. I feel really good about our loan because we feel this is going to be a strong high single-digit growth company. This is -- we have no -- our long-term prospects on secular growth drives of single-use components in this space still holds good. We expect a further more increasing use and less increasing use, but not answering your question on when exactly we will see this fully normalized. I sure hope it will be sooner than later, but -- what I -- what we are beginning to see and we feel confident about is that stabilized beginning to see recovery.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. On a year-on-year basis, yes, they would be lighter, but it's not I wouldn't take our first quarter and run with that.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our first quarter performance was solid, and it reflects the strength of our differentiated position technology, customer-centric business model and diversified geographic and product end markets. While we are seeing some change in order patterns, 2023 remains a strong year with our guidance reflecting our ability to sustain our record 2022 performance. We will remain financially prudent in this environment. We'll adopt a balanced approach that remains invested in innovation and differentiated service experience for our customers in strong core businesses. Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Joe Kelley: Yes. Maybe if I could reconcile those comments to your questions around the guidance and the change in the guidance. So if you think about our revenue guidance at the midpoint, we brought it down by about $65 million from the prior guidance. The majority of that decrease is what Naga referenced and what we're seeing in a change in orders around the semiconductor and back-end electronics market. The remainder is the delay in the timing of the biopharma recovery and I would tell you also a little bit of the softness that we saw here in Q1 in China. From a timing perspective on the guidance, Mike, your question there, the timing is adjusted, not just for the order entry, but it's also given customer the pushouts of their delivery dates. And we're seeing that in electronic end markets. These are large system orders where we have prepayments from the customers. But we're seeing it in electronics, a little bit in the industrial coatings and in the plastics end markets where they're pushing out Q2 delivery dates into the back half. And again, we have prepayments on these, and so there's limited risk of cancellation. And then as it relates to your comments, as we think about the guidance in the back half versus Q2, when you think about the back half, first of all, last year's back half was very, very strong. As you know, for Nordson, a record Q3, followed by record Q4. And so the guidance, when you look at the back half, FX is going to become favorable on a year-over-year basis if we maintain the current exchange rates. So that would be would be favorable about 2%, acquisitions about 3%. And so it basically implies at the midpoint, the organic would be down about 2% in the back half based on comments Naga just made.
Joe Kelley: Mike, on the margins, the segment, as you know, in '21 was running at about 31%, '22 at about 32%. So this 26 that we did in Q1 is not the new normal, we would anticipate to recover back to the historical run rate as we move forward in '23. And the logic there is this initial drop off and then the comment I made on inefficiencies of -- within the individual factories as they adjust for this volume drop and adjust their variable cost that efficiency will improve as we move forward. 
Joe Kelley: Yes. Allison, I would tell you, as you know, our IPS business has a large China presence and Chinese New Year fell into Q2 last year versus in Q1 this year, so you will see sequential improvement in that segment, just given that. And then also within that business, I referenced the Industrial Coatings division as well as the Plastics division where there are large systems businesses. Those businesses are seeing some of those Q2 push-outs in the back half. And again, prepayments for all of those systems locked in. It's predominantly our customers, their projects are being delayed. Their projects are still taking place, but they're being delayed for other reasons, and they're asking those businesses to delay shipment in the back half, so sequential improvement and then sequential improvement first half into second half.
Joe Kelley: So, let me take a stab at quantifying that. I would tell you, when we study the timing of the Chinese New Year is probably just $15 million to $20 million, depending on what quarter that falls into. And so that's consistent on our full year basis and has no impact. The COVID issues that they experienced right before the New Year and the lockdown at some of customer and supply chain challenges. I would characterize that as closer to about a $10 million disruption in the quarter. And I don't know that, that recovers in the full year. And so that was what I would tell you, part of our reduction in full year guidance was that about $10 million miss in Q1 in China, anticipating that, that doesn't recover itself within the year or make itself up in the year.
Joe Kelley: Yes, so I mean, as we highlighted in the first quarter, $17 million of sales. I can tell you - as a favorable - contributed favorably to our operating profit. And from an EBITDA standpoint, it's running in the mid-teens. And so, when you think about our forecast going forward, we have that contributing on the full year, approximately 3% to our year-over-year sales growth and to be contributing to operating profit growth on an adjusted basis.
Joe Kelley: Yes. And Saree, if I could add to your question around timing in 2023, 2024, -- it's -- when you look at these large systems businesses in the industrial coating space and the test inspection space and the plastic space, those businesses, combined with our Medical Interventional Solutions, those are the businesses that comprise over 70% of our backlog. And so there are orders already on the books going out into 2024 for those divisions. And so when you think about our backlog and our confidence, it's not so much just '23, but it actually goes into '24 for that subset of the Nordson businesses. And so that means that, that supports, I'd say, less than half of our revenue. And so greater than half of our revenue is supported by only 30% of our backlog -- And so it's that portion of the business where our backlog only price is less than one quarter of sales. And so there is where we're more subject to changing order patterns and we need book and ship business in the quarter for that portion of the business.
Joe Kelley: Yes, Walt, thanks for the question. Yes. In that that business, segment I think about it as we see the steady growth in line, as Naga mentioned with our long-term growth rates. And so there, what's driving it is, as we referenced, Americas and Europe, particularly in the quarter. But it's our consumer non-durable has been pretty steady in line growth for us. There, you'll recall is where we have several of our new product launches that were contributed to last year's performance and continue to gain traction. It's also within that, the largest factory within that segment was a pilot site for our NBS next. And so when you think about the traction and the improvement that they're having there with their on-time delivery, it's contributing to that growth as well. So that -- and then if you go to the coating side, as Naga mentioned, we're seeing a pickup, I would tell you, in automotive demand for the Industrial Coatings business there.
Joe Kelley: Yes. As we said, it's -- the term, as I would say, a multi-speed economy. You have some that are going down, some that are steady and some of that are growing nicely. And I would lump that business into the steady growth in line with our long-term expectations.
Joe Kelley: Yes. So price cost, again, as we communicated in Q4 and here in Q1, it is net favorable from a gross margin dollar standpoint, but it is dilutive from a gross margin percent standpoint. But we have been successful in passing through the inflation but not passing through the inflation plus the 55% gross margin. So in diluted -- it's diluted our consolidated Nordson margins by about 100 basis points. And I would tell you this division has been successful and they incurred a significant inflation. And so passing that through this division clearly has, I would say, led the way and been successful in that pricing initiative.
Joe Kelley: Yes. I would tell you, as I -- if you think about the change in our guidance, and so we dropped the midpoint on revenue, $65 million, the majority of that is simply in response to the semiconductor, what we're seeing in that market. And so -- from a segment perspective, the reduction is greater in ATS than it is in the MFS segment.
Joe Kelley: I mean, that was part of the change in the guidance. If you think about our Q2 guide before, we thought the recovery might come in Q2, it appears to be delayed about in our guidance a quarter.
Joe Kelley: Yes, I would I would -- I guess comment, I wouldn't take the Q1 run rate and say annualize that. I think Q1 for that business like many businesses, is light. Again, our Q1 includes Thanksgiving. Our Q1 includes Christmas and our Q1 included the Chinese New Year. So I would think that their Q1 is not indicative of their quarterly run rate but probably $15 million to $20 million -- or 15% to 20% light.
