Michael Hilton: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. First I would like to thank our global team for their outstanding work not just in the fourth quarter but for the whole year for sales, operating profit and earnings per share were all full year records for Nordson. Looking at the fourth quarter, our record sales were driven by organic growth of 13% compared to the same period a year ago. All three segments in most geographies contributed to this growth. Our team did a great job leveraging this increased volume and focusing on continuous improvement initiatives to improve our operating margin by five percentage points compared to last year’s fourth quarter. Diluted earnings per share increased 56% over the same period. Other highlights in the quarter include the acquisition of LinkTech Quick Couplings, which adds to our medical offering and an increased our annual dividend for the 53rd consecutive year. Overall, our fourth quarter performance was a great way to end the year and one of the very strong year for Nordson. Nordson’s momentum continues as we began the New Year. Our backlog is up significantly from the same time a year ago and our 12-week order rates are positive in all geographies and segments. In a few moments, I’ll offer some additional perspective on our performance, the macroeconomic environment and our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. But first, I’ll turn the call over to Greg who will provide more detailed commentary on the fourth quarter and our first quarter guidance. Greg.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Our strong fourth quarter capped an excellent year where we outperformed relevant industries and most of our industrial peers. We are clearly seeing the benefits of prior investments in growth and margin enhancement initiatives and we continue to focus on these in fiscal 2017. As our performance against our 200 basis point operating margin initiative, I believe we’ve captured the majority of this in fiscal 2016, but we will continue to utilize the Nordson business system to further widen our operating margins. Our team deserves credit for serving our customers at the highest level and for continuing to optimize our business. Our first quarter outlook reflects our improved backlog, current 12-week order rates, typically seasonality and comparisons to prior year or organic growth was modest. We are very encouraged by our order rates we are seeing in all three segments particularly in the advanced technology segment where demand for our solutions is strong across electronic and medical end markets. Of course, our comps get more challenging as we move through the year and we remain cautious with regards to the overall macroeconomic environment. Longer term, we continue to feel good about the multiple opportunities we have to drive growth in all of our segments. Overall, our strategic priorities for the year remain pretty straightforward. We are focused on driving organic growth above global GDP. From an M&A perspective, we continue to target high quality companies in the spaces we have identified and we’ll continue to use the tools within the Nordson business system to drive operating improvement across the enterprise. At this time, we’ll be glad to take your questions.
Michael Hilton: Well for the quarter, we are up about five full percentage points and if you look at that certainly, the volume leverage is a significant contributor. You know we do have better mix as associated with say more of the high-end dispensed products and particularly in the electronic systems business. And then you know I would say as it relates to our initiative to move our operating margins up a couple of 100 points, basis points structurally you know and now for the whole year I think we are probably well above 80% of the way there, so that obviously contributed. So if you look at it, it may be equal amounts across that mix of comments.
Michael Hilton: And it’s about -- if we excluded onetime items in both years it’s about a 400 basis point improvement.
Michael Hilton: No, I would say no that is not a seasonality effect. I mean from order perspective seasonality typically would suggest that you know this time of the year we would be trending down with the holiday period coming I’d say down relative to the other three -- to the rest of the year. So peak is typically in the tail end of the third into the fourth quarter and it trails down. We are seeing that same kind of seasonal pattern, but I would say just much more robust orders right now based on really the things that we have been talking about all year and that is around growth, it’s the new product that we have introduced with some new applications and quite frankly its recapitalization based on technology improvement that is driving that, but there is not a I’d say year-on-year seasonal change that we are seeing this year.
Michael Hilton: Okay, I’d say in the fourth quarter, the polymer business was off a little bit, but it tends to be lumpy particularly with some of the larger projects that we do for the year. It was up but off a little bit in the fourth quarter, but as you saw from the commentary on order rates, really solid order rates in the first quarter there. And as it relates to the medical business, another strong year in medical business of solid and strong fourth quarter in the medical business, you know a function of continuing to add to the breadth of our product lines as well as globalizing some of the businesses that were primarily North America focus, so very strong growth in that segment across the year.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say a couple of things. As it relates to the backlog, we do have projects that we know are not going to be delivered in the quarter. And you know sometimes our customers will place large orders with stage deliveries and we’re seeing some of that, so we factor that in. As I was mentioning earlier, we do have this sort of seasonal period where we get through closer to the holidays things, slow down a fair bit from an order entry perspective and so we are factored in sort of our historical view on that. So I’d say nothing unusual there, just fairly typical other I’d say you know given the relatively strong systems orders for the year and solidly in the fourth quarter some of those we know are not going to be delivered in the first quarter.
Michael Hilton: Yes, so the primary driver for the electronics part of ATS over the last number of years that we have talked about has been mobile, and that continues to be the biggest driver. But as we talked about in the last couple of quarters, we’ve sort of spread the customer base there to take advantage of the initial automation of the Chinese mobile customers. And we’re seeing that on the dispense side and we are starting to see some traction on the inspection side, which is encouraging. And in addition we’ve done some things through technology to create some opportunities for on wafer dispense and inspection and we’re continuing to see traction there. So from our perspective, the diversification efforts are continuing to play out well here for us in the near term. We still potentially have the wavering effect from how much change year-over-year has gone into the mobile segment and at this point of time, it is really hard to access that. You know as we’ve talked about in the past we do a lot of development work with end customers on this during the period of time but through I’d say February or so and then really it’s towards that second quarter that we’re getting a real sense of how many of those are going to go forward. So I’d say we are still in that development period, the development is fairly robust but we don’t have a clear crystal ball on which projects are going to hit. Now outside of the electronics piece, as we talked about just a moment ago, medical is doing well, we continue to broaden and diversify that business including this last acquisition that broadens our quickens [ph] our product line. And in a general industry area, we are seeing an uptick in improvement in things like 2K products for construction, the acquisition of Liquidyn last year filled in a nice gap in our prior client where we are really seeing significant global growth with that business and some of the other new developments from a product standpoint. So the areas outside the electronic system we are trying to continue to diversify and see good traction. The electronics piece, we’re diversifying but we still have the impact of the mobile piece and it’s hard to say beyond the next quarter where we are at there.
Michael Hilton: That’s certainly becoming more relevant as we start to see more adoption of automation and there sort of our tiered offering approach has really gotten some good traction. So, we do think that the key suppliers that are going to be around from a China perspective will continue to automate and we still there are opportunities there to sell critical equipment to allow them to do that.
Michael Hilton: Yes, well I’d say in the long run we still think things like medical are going to grow faster than other elements of the business. We do think that we’ll see growth in the electronic systems piece but it’s going to come more from our efforts to broaden and diversify and less from smartphone, things like smartphone penetration. As we’ve talked about in the past, as we look at year-over-year this year and that particular segment having more of the dispense type business where we provide more of the value add had helped our margins. And so I would say that could continue to help if we see dispense continuing to be as high as it has been, but quite frankly we like our margins in the test inspection business and we are looking to drive that businesses well. So I’d say there are opportunities for continued improvement in the mix, but again the mobile piece will determine if we have fluctuations quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year.
Michael Hilton: Yes. So I would say, all of the businesses see this seasonal sort of slowdown from an order intake, just because of the holiday, I mean we think about our -- where we are right now. We’re in the middle of December, a lot of our customers shutdown. I would say, it’s probably more impactful on our coatings businesses and potentially some of the other businesses where we have bigger systems, order is because people tend to wrap up the year and then it’s usually well in the January before they’re through their budgeting for [ph] the next year, many of our customers are on the calendar basis for their capital improvement. So I’d say, those are the areas that tend to slow down. And then I’d say, on the businesses that has sort of bigger orders, we can have some of those in coatings, but it’s more likely it will be in the electronics area where customers has staged orders at polymer area or we can have some bigger projects. And then within our adhesive area some of products assembly business which tend to be bigger systems order could also stretch out in time, because of the nature of the project. So it varies across. I would say, a lot of our core packaging kinds of activities at nonwovens is tend to be delivered in the quarter and some of our more standard products and the other businesses tend to be deliver in a quarter, and of course the other part side of the business is generally all the quarter. So it’s basically the larger systems orders and those orders that are placed 50 at a time, 100 at a time with staged deliveries and those are the areas that I mentioned.
Michael Hilton: Yes. I would say, the primary activity that we see going that’s significant in the next year is really this consolidation in the U.S. of three polymer facilities into one and that will be going throughout the year. As far as sort of charges, I think we’re largely beyond the charges. As far as the benefits, some of the benefits may stretch out into the first quarter of 2018 and as we build out and then transfer to that facility. But I don’t see any substantial charges related to the programs that we’ve talked about in the specifics sort of structural margin improvement. At that said, we have an ongoing robust program in our Nordson business system to drive year-on-year continuous improvements and we have strong plans in place there, kind of our minimum goal there is offset any cost portion and over and above that we’re looking for some benefits.
Michael Hilton: Yes. So I would say, as we typically thought about primary number one is to support organic growth and I think Greg talk a little bit that including the activities we have going on for restructuring. Second is our dividend piece, that’s pretty modest. So then when you get back to that, M&A is a key priority. We still have the four areas that we’re interested in along with anything that we could to tuck into our core business, the area that has probably the deepest pipeline is still in the medical area. We made one small acquisition this year. There is small acquisitions and some larger ones out there that would be opportunities. And I’d say also in other areas where we continue to have interest is in the coal material space. I think then Greg talk little bit about how that’s doing from an order and performance perspective. So, I’d say, the pipeline is pretty robust. I’d say the market is relatively full price kind of opportunities here and we’ve got pretty clear views on what we’re interested in and what we’re willing to pay, but I would say, we’ve got a pretty robust pipeline. I’d say on the share buybacks, we still have an open share buyback authority from our board. As Greg mentioned, we haven’t done anything since the first quarter and we’ll continue to opportunistic there.
Michael Hilton: Yes. What I would say, at a high level as Greg mentioned earlier, there is still some cyclicality to that business, and as long as it sort of going to driven, and I’ll talk about half of the advanced tech piece that’s focused on the electronic business. As long as that is kind to be linked strongly to the mobile piece you’re going to have some of that, and quite frankly we’ve taken advantage of all advances in the mobile segment, but it does provide some fluctuation. So, as we’ve talked on that particular piece it comes down to how much change you’re going to see year on years, for long time it was about penetration smartphone. We’re pretty much there in terms of the overall market penetration, I think that with the perhaps with the exception of large market like China and maybe in the future growing market like India. But we’re pretty close to being there from a penetration standpoint. So it comes down to change and that we’ve talk in the past it not just sort of form factor change or feature change, it can also be process change like water proofing which drove some activities this year. So, I’d say, all the projects that we’re working on with our critical customers are around change elements. And it’s hard for us to predict what they are going to launch on going forward. So that’s still unknown. I think the things that can counterbalance that are couple of fold. One, new products can help from giving our customers greater value and benefit and potentially allowing us to increase our wallet share. Two, we have some new application, so we talked a lot about wafer side of things where we’re going into that through dispense for three dimensional, 3D type shifts and as well as inspection for that. And then, the tiering piece is really being focus – as a focus for the company across all markets, but in particular in this end, we’ve really seem traction as we mentioned last quarter with three of the four Chinese mobile guys and what we see from them is more interest in doing more automation, more interest in doing more sophisticated types of processing, so that certainly encouraging. Obviously, you have to pull the trigger on it and place the orders throughout the year, but that’s encouraging. So those are the kind of things we’re trying to do to counterbalance that sort of on/off cycle that we’re seeing for the last years in the mobile side. What that balance in the end looks like is I’d say it’s still hard to tell right here. In the long run we do think we’re going to grow above the market because of the things like new products, new applications tiering to give us growth more robust than what you’ll see in the industry. In the short run its little harder to predict. Obviously, we’re off to a good start here on that business, but the critical timeframe on the mobile phone piece is really as we get close to the end of the second quarter. And then when you look at the other part of the business, the fluid management part of the business, medical, it’s all about new products and increasing the breath of our product offering. And then in the general industry area it’s driving our offerings there. We’ve done a complete head to toe refresh of all of our dispense products. We’ve upgraded our tabletop automation products. We’ve added things like Liquidyn and they’re getting good traction and allowing us to globalize, and we’ve introduced some really new technology that both the electronics organization and the fluid management organization using on these very high, small volume dispense applications that we’re getting traction on. So those are all of things that we’re trying to do to buffer it. I can’t say that that’s going to be -- we’re not going to see some year on year up and down depending on how the mix works out there.
Michael Hilton: Yes. I’d say, the things that have created the volatility in Q1 have been number one volume. So, in some cases where volume has been soft, I think you know we’ve got strong incremental margins in the business and in the very short term you know this is a business where we can move resources up, down pretty quickly. It’s hard to offset. So volume is the number one piece. And then two, mix in the business as I mentioned earlier, more dispense is better only because we have more value add on dispense side than we do on the inspection -- on the inspection side. So those two things tend to drive more than anything else what we see in the quarter. And so, like I said, we’re off to a good start with the order pace that we have and the backlog that we have right now. And the other question on the third to fourth quarter, are you specifically talking about margins or what you…
Michael Hilton: Yes. I mean, certainly one the key areas for us is the core adhesive business where we have such a large installed base. But we’ve seen that in our fluid management business as an example, with this whole new launch of new products and refresh and augmentation to our valve line and the addition of product portfolio we’ve seen a very strong value proposition to encourage our customers to upgrade to the latest technology, so that’s another area that where we see that. I think when you look at even parts of our electronics area, it’s around the performance of new products and what they can do to meet the challenges of the customers are looking at. But I’d say, it certainly been in those two areas that I’ve highlighted.
Michael Hilton: Yes. So I would say, let me try and address a couple of those , from a for us from a repatriation of cash its’ not a big issue either way, because we have very small cash balance and we don’t really have anything of substance trapped outside the U.S. So for us that’s not necessarily an issue. What I would say though is a couple of things that are being talked about would be helpful for our customers but from an investment standpoint, so certainly overall our corporate tax rate would help some of our customers in the U.S. and we have 70% of our business outside the U.S. so we are taking advantage of growth in all of those areas, but it would certainly help some of the U.S. customers. And I’d say some of the areas around de-regulation would be helpful as well to customers in the U.S. and potentially increase their thoughts around investment. I do think there were some areas like our powder business this year where we saw customer’s kind of delaying. They tend to be bigger system orders delaying investment to see how the election play is played out and we’ve seen a near term uptick in that business, but I’d say too early to tell, certainly anything that drives growth more is going to lead to more investment which is going to be a good thing for us. So if it increases our customers confidence and leads the investment that will be a plus and we are really everywhere with all the critical customers to take advantage of that. But it’s pretty early out in the process.
Gregory Thaxton: And Chris, I would just add that this is Greg. We do see continued good growth rates in medical and from an inorganic perspective; we’d like to see that become a bigger mix of the portfolio as well to help with some of the cyclicality aspect of that segment.
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, Matt. This is Greg. That’s going to largely be within that segment product line mix whereas Mike alluded to, we’ve got different margin profile on different product lines than others and then there is going to be some volume leverage as well.
Gregory Thaxton: And Matt, it’s a global opportunities for us as well in the adhesive segment as well is that recap opportunity not just in the U.S. but globally.
