Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. Again, I am very pleased with the ongoing efforts of our global team. They are executing at a high level and meeting the needs of our customers better than our competitors. At the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance, we are expecting organic sales volume growth of 9% over the prior year’s fourth quarter, a very strong level given the macroeconomic environment that is yet to gain full momentum. We expect to leverage this growth to deliver improvement in operating margin and in earnings per share as compared to last year’s fourth quarter. Overall, we are on pace for a record full year performance in sales, operating profit, net income and diluted earnings per share. In addition to our positive near-term view, we are also getting the job done on a variety of strategic initiatives that will drive value over the long-term. In terms of acquisitions, Avalon is a great strategic fit to our medical platform. And again, I would like to welcome the Avalon employees to the Nordson team. We also continue to evaluate a number of other opportunities in our pipeline that may fit our strategic goals although we remain diligent in our acquisition process. We are also excited about the next phase of our continuous improvement efforts with the informal internal launch of what we are calling the Nordson Business System. The Nordson Business System is our collective set of tools and best practices that can help improve our performance in every area of Nordson. Rooted in Lean Six Sigma and supported by our company values, the Nordson Business System touches all areas of the company, including all business units and corporate functions. We have been using many of the tools within the business system for several years and we will continue to add them – add to them in the future. Overall, our future is bright and we are focused on getting better everyday. We expect to continue leveraging our best-in-class technology, applications expertise, global support and operational excellence across a variety of diverse growth markets to create sustained shareholder value. At this time, let’s turn to your questions.
Mike Hilton: It’s more in line with our seasonal pattern if I think you understand that our orders tend to peak in the third quarter and build up from the second quarter through sort of end and early part of the third quarter and then drop off as we approach sort of the end of the year in the holiday season. So, we have seen that sort of same pattern this year. I’d say this year is maybe a little slower start just given kind of the global dynamic at the beginning of the year and the winter here in the U.S., but then we have really strong third quarter across all of our businesses, very high rates sustained throughout the quarter. And then we are starting to see the sort of natural decline. Greg made some comments that kind of relate to how the orders come in. So, in this particular third quarter, we had across a couple of businesses some large orders in the quarter that drop off in this last week. And so it sort of understates what we are seeing in terms of the health of the business at this point.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say as we said throughout this year, our focus was on sort of integration and digesting, but there would be some smaller tuck-ins and potentially adds to our key areas like Avalon. I would say we are – in our pipeline going forward, we still see a number of sort of those tuck-in type of opportunities. I would say the market is pretty robust and the pricing is also pretty robust just given the fact that many people have cash and the opportunity to finance at low rate, but we think this was a good multiple for the kind of quality business that we have in the growth prospects in the business and the fit with our portfolio. So, I think it was a fair price for this business and we are really excited about the – not only the growth prospects, but the team coming with us as part of this acquisition.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, we had a solid quarter in the polymer processing business this quarter. I would say across the different components of the business, some are performing little better than others, I would say the area that was most stressed that we have talked about has been in the dye area. And while that’s improving, it’s still – we still really haven’t seen that biax piece come back. In talking with the OEMs, they are encouraged that we are going to see some pickup, but I would say we have not seen progress on that front, where we have seen progress on some of the other newer product lines that we talked about in that area. So, I would say, no, we are not seeing the robust return of the biax piece yet, but we are filling in other market opportunities for that, and the Kreyenborg and BKG acquisitions that came in last year have been solid. And as it relates to the integration efforts, we are through the integration of the businesses. We still have some of the longer term things that we have talked about like the sales channel optimization to work through and some of the supply chain opportunities, but in terms of cross-selling opportunities and picking up additional sort of broader scope full product line sales, we are seeing some encouraging progress there, but the underlying sort of biax market has not come back. And some of that is a reflection I think of what’s going on macroly, particularly in Europe and to some extent in parts of Asia.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say – I wouldn’t read any significant concern into that. I would say it varies a little bit region-by-region, but we have had sort of a strong year in our packaging business and improving year in our non-wovens business and a pretty solid year in product assembly, and you can have impacts quarter to quarter based on sort of the order dynamic I was talking about thoroughly. And we have seen a little bit of that in the adhesives area, but when we look at sort of overall prospects around the globe, we feel pretty good about where we are in that business and we think the business will have a very good year.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, Charlie, in that business, we talked earlier in the year when things were sort of going the other way about the sort of volume leverage in that business and how we try and move our structure up and down to accommodate it. But I think what you are seeing here is good order growth, and the volume leverage really is coming from that good order growth and it’s quality mix of products, but it’s really around the volume leverage that we are seeing and we would expect the fourth quarter to be a little bit lower in part, because we see the orders naturally seasonally drop off and so the revenue was likely sequentially to be down a little bit, and so you will see a little bit negative leverage there from a volume perspective, but I would say the quality of the business has been good across all of the product lines. And as we have talked earlier in the year, we have had a particularly solid year in our test and inspection business and the expense piece has come along starting in second quarter continuing this quarter and into the fourth quarter, so after a slow start, a pretty good year.
Mike Hilton: It’s really been more about the last week or so. And as orders come in, we had some large orders that fell off from sort of the first week of that 12-week period. And so it skewed it a little bit. So, what we are trying to give you is a road feel of a run-rate being pretty strong and we are getting a little bit of a point to point comparison there as well as in the advanced tech side that doesn’t truly reflect the strength of what we saw. I think what you can see is the pretty significant step up in the backlog and that gives us a feel for how solid the orders were in the quarter.
Mike Hilton: Yes. In terms of the revenues, I think we suggested that this year’s expected revenues were around $34 million. Well, we didn’t comment on the margins, but you can assume that those are really strong margins consistent with what we see in the other parts of the medical business. So – and I think if you look at the sort of EBITDA multiple, you get a feel for that, Charlie.
Mike Hilton: Yes. What we have said in the past is most of the margin impact has been the mix of these businesses coming in. And what we have said in the long run is the core businesses should operate, historical business at sort of 30 plus and the polymer business is we need to get up into the 20 plus towards the mid 20s. They are not there right now. They weren’t there when we bought them and the volume has been a little bit weak. So, I would say we are on target with what we see in terms of the improvements overall in the segment. And in the long run, we expect the segment to inch up closer to that 30%, I think is the way to think about it.
Mike Hilton: No. I mean, if you look at it most of what we are doing has gone into the packaging part of the business and that’s the biggest part of our adhesive segment and we are really trying to leverage the customer elements of that and some of the operating approaches that we have as well. So, it’s a nice complement really with a significant focus in the same markets that we serve out of the adhesive business.
Mike Hilton: So, I wouldn’t characterize it as the contract manufacturer, but no, it’s going through like our dye plastics business, it’s going through the big OEMs that you would recognize on the medical device space. So, it’s not gone directly to end users, we are one step back and really what they are providing is sophisticated components that are used in the applications around cardiovascular and pulmonology. And when you think about it, the trends in that business, include further outsourcing by the OEMs are a big positive in addition to the underlying sort of demographics of the markets.
Mike Hilton: So, in long run though we think that, I think Greg mentioned over the last five years, it’s grown nicely at double-digit rate. So, we expect it to continue to grow at that rates because of the applications that it plays into and this outsourcing phenomenon that we talked about. So, like our other medical businesses that have been growing at nicely double-digits over the last three years or so, we think this is a nice fit and complement with similar growth characteristics.
Mike Hilton: I would say we will continue to see the seasonal pattern that we typically see in that business. I mean, some of it is just the nature of our, if you look at our year in the holiday period and so forth as it relates to the first quarter, but lot of it as it relates to the sort of mobile space, it’s time to launch as that tend to come out in the late second through early fourth quarter period of time. And so we will see that kind of pattern I think continue unless the timing on some of these launches change. One of the things that we did mentioned in the last call is that we are continuing to look at some of the up and coming new device providers, particularly in China and then this quarter we have got our first orders with a couple of the Chinese manufacturers that are looking to move aggressively into the smartphone technology. And then there is also potential down the road which was not clear as to how accepted this will be in the marketplace is the whole wearable technology. I would say to-date it’s been a little bit hit and miss, but some people are optimistic about the potential for that down the road and that depending on how that would play out that could skew some things in terms of when the various customers would launch that. So, I think we will continue to see the sort of second quarter to early fourth quarter kind of period of high intensity and it can move fluctuate year-to-year and we typically will see the seasonal patterns that we are starting to see now where things wind down as we get to year end.
Mike Hilton: We have had a few initial wins, I would say in our tiered offering of our automated platform and also in sort of our semi-automated platform. I think the challenge as we have talked about in the past is to what degree will these folks go to automation and how sophisticated they will be in the automation approach? And then from a process standpoint, to what degree will they do things that relate to mechanical integrity and moisture production and things like that not clear yet. Lot of these folks obviously are aimed at a different price point and it’s not clear what the ultimate quality is going to be, I would say in the near-term. In the long-term, I think it’s going to be globally, they are going to need to be globally competitive and particularly if they look to try and export out of China. So, I would say, it’s for us it’s too early to tell our approach has been – we have a pretty good handle on who we think is going to make progress and be successful. We have teams involved working those accounts. We have got our first orders in, which is encouraging but it’s a little hard to size the opportunity at this point in time given those factors that I mentioned.
Mike Hilton: I would say across all the businesses, no significant change in the competitive intensity. As we have talked about in the past, we have got good competitors in each of our businesses, but we haven’t seen any changes of significance one way or another there. I think our approach is what it’s always been is to continue to leverage our business model, which starts with offering the best technology and the best customer experience in terms of support and service and applications know-how. So, we think we are doing a good job. We think we are winning in the marketplace, but I would say the competitive intensity remains basically unchanged. It’s competitive.
Mike Hilton: Okay. And accounts payable and other liabilities was about $240 million that those numbers are on the financial exhibit in the press release.
Mike Hilton: I would say, there is no restrictions on going outside of the U.S. I think they focused on significant opportunities in the U.S. and in many of these procedures, the U.S. is more advanced than other countries, but we have been moving our business in our other medical applications overseas and so our plan will be over time to expand the business, but we have got lot of opportunities still here in the U.S. Obviously, the next likely target would be Europe and that’s what we have done with our other medical businesses, I think Asia is a little bit more fragmented and in some areas little bit further behind.
Mike Hilton: I would say there is good progress across most of the businesses. I would say earlier in the year it was maybe a little softer and that’s it’s picked up across all businesses. I would say if you think about things like the mobile business, a lot of the components that go in there, get made in Japan, so that’s not so surprising. I would say, the strength in some of our sort of more consumer durable businesses is a little surprising to-date, but we are seeing good progress there, probably a little bit more robust than we would have expected, I’d say coming into the year.
Mike Hilton: I think that speaks to the strength of our customer base and the business model there and the execution on the team as the opportunities come up, but I would say we are probably pleasantly surprised that the strength in the last quarter or two.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say the Freedom product line and this now includes what we call Liberty, which is the sort of next year down product in that suite. I would say revenue wise we are pretty much on plan. As I said in the last quarter, unit wise, we are a little bit behind, but pricing based on the value provided was a little bit better and that trend is continuing. And I would say the sort of full value impact of the adhesive material itself has still not come to fruition that’s probably end of the calendar year kind of timeframe for some of the newer adhesives to have sort of the full impact on mileage and so forth. So, I think the combination of both the tiered product and the high end product, we feel pretty good about progress to-date.
Mike Hilton: Let me take a stab at the first part of that and then if I am not quite getting it, you can come back. Yes, the expansion when we talked about the expansion in Colorado, it was primarily driven by our opportunity in the medical space. We also did talk about so the fact that some of the other EFD products that we make and might need some expansion that we could probably delay some of those expansion requirements through this particular facility. And so it’s really based on the growth that we see. I think we have growth opportunities with Avalon as well and naturally with I mean the – in the mix here and given the manufacturing facilities they have in Mexico, we will look at the total capability not just across the medical platform, but across all of our sort of food management business and look to sort of optimize our supply chain, but we see robust demand in the medical space at least in the niches that we are in today, which is really driving the prime reason for the Colorado expansion.
Mike Hilton: Yes. We are absolutely doing that across the sort of platform of four products – product lines that we brought in and prioritizing those opportunities. So, yes, we are seeing good progress along the continuous improvement front. I would say, each of the businesses was probably in a different place as it relates to their level of experience with Lean Six Sigma. And so we are trying to bring them all up to the sort of highest level. We are managing the priorities of those projects. I think as we have talked in the past there would be some bigger opportunities as it relates to optimizing the overall supply chain, but that will take us some time to do, because the thought process and planning behind that’s a little different than what we did in the adhesives side of things, but there is still opportunity to come over the next couple of years in that area. And then the full leverage on the selling side and the sales channel management, I would say, we are making good progress, but there is still some opportunity there, but the basics for Lean Six Sigma philosophy, the team is getting up to speed with and we have got folks leading those activities. And it’s really a matter of just prioritizing the biggest hits first and effectively utilizing the organization to get those priority activities done.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So I would say certainly in the, yes, the medical business is done very well the last several years, strong double-digit growth and the broader not just the medical but the broader fluid management piece that goes into non-electronic markets has also had very solid growth. So, yes, we have a focused effort to continue to grow that total area to help balance the cyclicality in the electronics business. And there is a seasonality that we see with throughout the year and then there is the longer term cycle piece with that. So, the seasonality is going to be what it is, but the longer term cycle piece we are trying to offset. So, I would say that whole fluid management piece is contributing to that. Our goal over time is to continue to grow both organically and with add-ons in this medical business to continue to help that balance.
Mike Hilton: Sure. So I would say the fact that they do have low cost manufacturing provides some opportunities I would say in the near-term, but also from a growth perspective as we look at some of the operations that we do that are more labor-intensive. So, I think there is some opportunities there both near-term and longer term. I would say we are more encouraged on the revenue side, because there are some customers that are sort of direct overlap, where we immediately have a broader product line, but there are other customers that they have and we have whether that opportunity to provide that fuller suite going forward. And as customers move to more and more outsourcing, customers being that sort of OEM channel having a full suite of products and demonstrating that you can meet the technology requirements, the quality control and the traceability requirements and provide the support and service, I think makes sense. And in a market that’s been fragmented as we build the bigger portfolio here, I think that’s attractive as well. So, yes, we anticipate there will be some nice revenue synergies down the road as we are able to offer fluid product line and leverage either of the Avalon client base with the Nordson client base here.
Mike Hilton: Now, we are kind of like one step back like we are with the Value Plastics business, where we supply into that group of key customers that have the FDA requirements. So, we have to provide products that go in and that as the system itself will get certified and a lot of the effort is on the upfront development of the new treatments, therapies, approaches and so it’s very similar in that regard to the Value Plastics piece of business.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, on average, they are over sort of in the mid-teens kind of EBITDA, when we acquired them. I would say the dyes business in particular has had softer revenue than expected. And so we have had some negative volume leverage there that’s impacted the business. So, they are blow that collectively now. I think the volume like all of our businesses is certainly the biggest driver, but in this business, we do have an opportunity for significant both productivity improvements and cost synergies as we look at the overall supply chain. As we talked before, that’s not something we can execute in three months, because it’s more complicated than that, but we are already involved with some things that will help move us down the road of getting more efficient there, but like all of our businesses, number one driver is the volume piece. Here I would say we have more than – more opportunity in our normal business to affect the cost equation. And in the short-term that’s our primary focus.
Mike Hilton: Sure. We have manufacturing facilities in every region. So, if you look at Asia, we have facilities in Thailand and in China. If you look at Europe, we have facilities in Germany and Belgium. And then in the U.S., we have a number of facilities from Wisconsin to Virginia to Iowa and Pennsylvania and maybe one or two others. So, there are opportunities to optimize the overall approach there going forward.
Mike Hilton: I don’t have that detail, Mark. I can get back to you on that, but again, the sum of those two is about $240 million.
Mike Hilton: Yes, Mark. So, we are in the early stages of doing the valuation work. So, we have got our estimates of kind of on a macro basis of what we think those charges would be and that’s incorporated in the $0.06 to $0.08 accretion that we called out for ‘15, but we are not at the point where we have got any of that detail.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, in terms of investment, I think it’s an asset-light type of manufacturing like the rest of our businesses. I think Greg said sort of to maintain it going forward you can expect sort of 2% to 3% of revenue in terms of overall sort of maintenance type investment. The – we have got capacity in the facilities that we have, but we also have opportunities to grow, I think we would expect the trends that we have seen in the past, which are double-digit top line and EBITDA. They would continue in that business.
Mike Hilton: Yes. And so just on a typical pattern, we would see the sort of the order rates be strong second quarter to early fourth quarter as people kind of spend their capital budgets for the year and that’s kind of what we have seen here, some of this is a little bit comp year-on-year, but very solid order growth there. In terms of deliveries, most of what we can deliver, we deliver in the say maybe up to 8 weeks. So, there could be some that slip over a little bit into the fourth quarter, but I wouldn’t say it’s an unusual quarter in anyway relative to the mix of what gets delivered in the quarter or not. I would say what you are seeing is people are completing their budget work for the year and have let their orders come and we are seeing that benefit and a little bit of year-on-year comparison, which you always have in this business, because it’s lumpy project-related business.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. Just to add to that, the comments are intended to suggest that throughout the quarter in both adhesives and advanced technology, the order pace was pretty strong and sometimes it couldn’t get down to what week 13 weeks ago drops off and what week comes in to that 12-week comparison. It can be as simple as the one dropping off and the one coming in that can skew the numbers. So, the comments we are intending to imply that it was a good order pace throughout the quarter and you see that reflected in the backlog as we start the fourth quarter.
Greg Thaxton: So, Jason, this is Greg. Think about it similar to other Nordson products, it’s highly engineered, performing a critical application and gets incorporated then into a bigger product set.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Well, what we gave – what we provided was the forecast through what would coincide with our fiscal year end which is about $34 million in revenue.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. What we incorporated in our guidance for the quarter was their historical revenue in this fourth quarter – in aligning with our fiscal fourth quarter.
Greg Thaxton: So that Avalon plus the partial period of the Kreyenborg in the prior year that we didn’t note them contribute to that full 3% acquisitive growth.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. So, that’s in the hundreds of millions of dollar opportunity we see in the long run in that space.
Greg Thaxton: That’s not a part that they play in or we have any interest in. This is all really highly engineered specialty tubing multiple ports reinforced electrical connections and so forth. It’s a very sophisticated approach to providing a particular set of requirements for some of the areas that we have talked about, the surgical areas in particular.
Greg Thaxton: I would say not at this point in time given the level of sophistication of the devices and the multiple materials here down the road. We are always looking for new opportunities for the business. So, 3D printing could play a role in a number of things that we do, but right now, I would say we don’t see that as any immediate concern. We actually think the unique technology that Avalon has and the benefits that come with it will allow to grow disproportionately.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. I would just add as Mike mentioned it, it was good solid growth rates across each of the segment and that’s even against a trend where Japanese manufacturers are offshoring production to other low cost countries. So, very good growth rates within Japan for our product lines.
