Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. Charlie, in the quarter, our total parts were about 41% of the total mix, and this is all-in including acquisitions. That's trended down a bit from where, for example, we start the first quarter where we have a higher portion of parts, which was about 45%. We ended the fourth quarter at 41%. And on a full year basis, parts were about 42% of revenue.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Jason, I would add, in some of our more standard products, even the standard systems, the pace of orders as we get through the holidays here and get into the first part of the new year could have an impact as well.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Jason, this is Greg. I'd add, we're going to have that element every year, or so as we read kind of the order trends, the order trends by segment, by product line, there was really nothing unusual in this period to say that it was driven by a capital cycle or a customer's capital cycle.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Matt, maybe a little more specific, at the detail level, you talk about the 6% order rate growth last quarter. We did deliver 3% volume growth this quarter. And as we mentioned, not that we've incorporated some of these acquired product lines, they tend to have longer lead times. There is an aspect there as well in terms of the order rate growth versus what gets recognized in revenue in that particular quarter.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. We expect it to be about $5 million lower in '14 than it was in '13. Our global pension expense was about $25 million. So we see that moderating back to about $20 million.
Gregory A. Thaxton: They are pretty modest number of shares in '13. If you went back over the course of the last, say, 2.5 years or so, we probably bought back closer to say 8% of outstanding shares.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And we're still finishing up some transaction associated with some of the restructuring we've done over the last year or 2. As Mike mentioned, within the Advanced Technology space, we've vacated 2 U.S. smaller operations and consolidated into 1 facility. We still have a facility in Georgia within adhesive space that we'll be looking to sell in 2014. So we're still wrapping up some transactions associated with some activities that we've completed in the last year.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say, in general, the margin impact would be relatively modest, they're really more a function of what's the total volume increase is. And I think as you know, we've got pretty significant volume leverage. So if the volume is up, we're going to see that improvement. There'll be a modest impact on margins, but not significant relative to other things that are going on.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, let me comment there. I think if you look at sort of total plastics consumption for the year, it was actually up. I think earlier in the year, it was up around 6%. It trended -- the growth for the year trended down probably a few points off of that. The issue that we've kind of faced is investment versus demand and some strong investment in '11 and '12, particularly in an area that we've talked about before at the biaxial film area, which really has created an issue for us in the short term. As an example, we expected volumes to be up particularly with systems orders for plastics this year, and they're actually down and we had sort of the same impact negatively on incremental margins that we have in our core business. That said, the long run, we expect the growth rate of the plastics to be 1 to 2 points above our typical rigid packaging space. And I would say, most recently, we were over what I call a case show, which is a 3 year, once every 3 year show in Europe around sort of the whole plastics business. And I would say, the environment was upbeat and encouraging. And I'd say, even in the biaxial film area, we're starting to see customers talk about new orders. In the interim, we've been looking at pushing the development of new products in areas beyond that biaxial film and taking advantage of a solid plastic injection market. So I'd say we've got a little bit of phasing from an investment standpoint, but ultimately long-term demand is going to be better than our core adhesives business.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say, we're probably in the seventh -- sixth or seventh year in our Adhesives business. It's been very successful for us in terms of capturing a part of the market that was growing. As well as some of that end market and consolidating and moving up to the more fully featured top-of-the-line products. So that's been a very successful strategy for us. I'd say in the Coatings business, we're probably in the year 2 to 3 -- year 2 and 3 in that business and we've gotten some good traction on our products that have been tailored, particularly for markets in Asia and in that case more tailored towards China. I'd say, in the electronics space, we have not yet launched that sort of tiered product and that's really the part of the reason that we're building out the capability that we have been building out in Xuzhou as to enable us to do that. But it's also to allow us to be more responsive to the customers that we already have there. So I think 2014 is a year where we'll be launching sort of the midtier products and would expect to get some traction on those by the end of the year.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I'd make a couple of comments. There's a little bit of that in there in terms of particularly in the polymer side, where there's some longer lead items. I would say also, if you look at the order rates are solid and encouraging. Our organic backlog is actually down slightly from where it was last year, so that factors in. And I'd also say that we've had some larger systems sort of pushed to the second quarter in terms of customer delivery dates. We always have some of that movement quarter-to-quarter, but I'd say there has been some a few larger orders that got pushed out that might total $4 million or $5 million of impact. So that's kind of a combination that's sort of affecting our guidance for the first quarter.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say -- let's start with what do you think the macro is going to look like for the full year. I think, coming into this year, most people were saying that the global GDP was going to be 3 plus. And really as we've seen it play out, it's going to be 2 minus. And that's sort of our fiscal year. And I think, the particular surprise in all that was softness in emerging markets. I mean, still growth but not near where they were historically. If you look at the kind of consensus now, we typically hone in on IHS global insight, they're projecting 2014 to be in the 2.9% range, pretty close to 3%, with improvement in the U.S. and Europe and some improvement in emerging markets. And that will be a fairly robust scenario for us and if that plays out, we should see the volume come back. And I think, the fact that we're starting to see systems orders come back, in particular, is encouraging. And I think, as you know, we've got pretty significant leverage from a volume perspective, incremental margins tend to run from maybe a low 30% to a high of 60-plus percent. I think, Greg made some comments just on the sequential basis. So if we see that volume come through, I think, we would expect a nice uptick in performance. Of course, we've stood here last year and said the same thing and we didn't see that materialize, I think, people are a little bit more encouraged, I think, this year that the headwinds aren't there, but it's not it's still a little uncertain in the short-term.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I would say it's still in the category of little choppy. I think, if you look at what sort of the industry pundits said going into last year, they expect that actually the year to turn midyear and ultimately be modestly positive. We haven't really seen that play out in a broad way yet. Their forecasts for the next 2 years is significantly positive, so read that as kind of high single digits to double digits. That would be a nice upside for us. I'd say, we're seeing some signs here and there of an incremental order in the more traditional space basis. But we haven't really seen that turn in a big way yet.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I think, we do anticipate '14 to be better. I would say, we were really a little surprised this year that it didn't take off, even in a slower environment, little bit more. And I think, as we mentioned on a couple of calls earlier, what we saw is from a consumer nondurable standpoint, in particular in the food and beverage space, very modest consumption, in the first part of the year was actually down on an actual consumption basis and the second part of the year was up very modestly. And that, I think, has really factored in general the level of consumption on the consumer nondurable's piece. It didn't really tick up with the global GDP as it would typically do, and we really didn't see the growth investments coming through. And I'd also say, given the uncertainty, some of the projects that we had in place that were sort of enhancements, so technology-driven enhancements for our customers to improve cost or productivity or throughput didn't come through at the rate, we would have expected. I think, that's really more about uncertainty in the global recovery. So I think, as we see a little more clarity on the global recovery, in particular, a bounce back in the emerging markets and U.S. and European on better footing, we have see both of those things coming through. But I think, that's probably one thing that surprised us a little bit was that sort of food and beverage in particular actual consumption being flattish to down for the year.
Michael F. Hilton: Right, so the one we talk about specifically where we called out a significant investment of -- on the order of $1 million a quarter was really in the electronics space. We haven't said too much more about what it does, but it would be something that is new and it wouldn't cannibalize anything else. So it's incremental demand. The way we try to characterize is over the next few years, if it gains traction, it'll be tens of millions of dollars of incremental revenue. But we've also said, it's something new. And whether or not it gets adopted is not a slam dunk. I would say where we're at is that we passed the technical hurdles with -- that were sort of set forth by key customers that are interested in this technology. And as we have mentioned, we've got prototypes out there that they're sampling with good feedback. Now it's a question of market adoption by these critical customers relative to other alternatives they might have. But it's been certainly encouraging at this point in time.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say, if you look at it, there's an element of timing on a year-over-year basis. And I think, we mentioned this in the last quarter, where we saw fairly strong demand throughout the third quarter and into the fourth quarter in the mobile space based on kind of timing of launches. And so, I'd say, we saw that sort of impact this quarter as well because things, as we said, have kind of flattened out. So there's a mobile element of that. I would say that, while you've got normal growth on things like smartphone and tablets, when the supplemental growth that we see that comes from sort of features and form factors hasn't been as robust most recently as we might have seen of a similar period last year. So I think, that's been a factor. And then, everybody anticipated that the -- so traditional back end would step up in the second half of the year. We really haven't seen that yet. I mean, we've seen some orders here and there, but not a consistent trends. So it's been a combination.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I think in the short-term, it can be a couple of orders that get completed and out in quarter. And can quite frankly be in the a couple of big orders can be enough to drive that. We're -- you given sort of our best estimate based on sort of the backlog and the current order trends, but some of the bigger projects that we have if they slip or if they come forward can have an impact there, and that's really what's kind of determining at the margin, the range that we're looking at.
Michael F. Hilton: We've got a number -- we had many of our segments where they shut down over the Christmas holidays and things like that. So that can have an impact. So we've given you sort of our best judgment here.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say the orders are pretty widespread and I would say it's not -- there's a little bit probably of that sort of complete this year's capital budget, but I wouldn't say that's the overriding mix of the orders that we see in place. It's I'd say encouraging in a lot of different ways. And I'd say, as Greg mentioned, the period that we sometimes have a hard time judging is just sort of end the year holiday period to what extent the folks slow things down and how quickly they pick up in the new year. But I would say it's not primarily a capital budgeting situation. There again -- there's a little bit of that, particularly in our Coating business, but that's not that driving force, I don't think.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, Matt. So I would say there's obviously like all the businesses at an element of seasonality. And I think, it would comes back to the 2 things I mentioned earlier. If you look at sort of the consumer nondurable space in general and food and beverage in particular, this has not been a robust year globally. It's been relatively weak in the emerging markets and it hasn't been as robust as we might have anticipated in the developed markets. And so when actual consumption is flat plus or minus, people are investing in the system side of the business, and that's what we've seen is. In particular, the hits been around the system side of the business. And then I'd say the second thing that we've got a lots of opportunity bring technology to bear, to create a nice value proposition for customers and kind of the things that we've talked about in the past around recapitalization and we think customer's holding off given the uncertainty. If you think of a period they went through here in the U.S. with all the discussion around the budget and the debt ceiling and that nonsense that was going on, that just had people holding off. And I think, if you look to Europe, other than Germany, things are not back on track yet. And so, I think, it's really been that investment piece in systems that got pushed out. And particularly, in bigger systems, like Greg talked about hygiene related products, they tend to be more costly, bigger systems and we have seen some softness there, for example.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So we would expect, I think in '14, if we see the underlying consumption to go up to see some pickup in investment.
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I would say, if you look at the year, packaging in general, rigid packaging was pretty soft for most of the year, started picking up at the tail end. So I think, we're hopeful that's going to continue to trend in 2014. I would say in general for the year, the whole hygiene business has been relatively soft and I think that's another opportunity to see pickup. The product assembly has been more sporadic, a good quarter, a bad quarter, relatively speaking. But that's like more towards consumer durable and construction activity and there's some signs of hope there. I think on the long-run, the plastic pieces is going to be good. In the short run, the new products will get traction for us and I think, probably more towards the second half of next year. We should see some of the same stuff stepping up, so I think that's probably a later year phenomena on that film piece. But the new products are getting traction now so encouraged by that. So I think, after this past year being pretty sluggish in general and quite frankly, the prior year not being as robust as we would've expected, in general, we're encouraged with that business should step up this year and we should see some new investment there. Now again, we kind of anticipated this past year, when we thought global GDP was going to be 3 plus. So if the GDP aspect is struggle again this year, we'll be impacted. But if it gets back on a better track, which most people anticipate, we should see that play out.
Michael F. Hilton: So there are technologies today which are pre-applied sort of bonded underfills that compete and depending on the sophistication of the application, it could be used. Quite frankly, I'd have to check on this specific application to see if that's one of the sort of traditional pre-applied. I think, we still see good growth opportunity and penetration and the approach that we have given the sophistication of the chips, the size and sophistication of the chips, as well as the stacking aspect. So in general, I don't think we see a big risk or concern there from sort of the pre-molded type of underfill. Now this particular technology referred to, I'd have to go back to our team and understand what that is, because I'm not as familiar with that.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So from a dividend perspective, I think, our base plan is continue to increase dividends and continue the trend that we've had that I think its top 50 years now. I think, we've talked in the past for a long-term goal to get into the payout ratio in the sort of 20% plus range, and we get pretty close to that. I think from a share repurchase standpoint, the #1 goal is to offset dilution and that varies from year-to-year, but it's sort of a $30 million kind of plus number, plus or minus. And so that would be sort of second, so dividends and share repurchase. And say from an acquisition standpoint, we have a pretty robust pipeline, but we've got, quite frankly, a lot of work in the digestion and integration of the things that we've acquired and that's primarily #1 focus is to complete those integrations, deliver on the synergies that we see there and, quite frankly, on the long run, we see more synergies than we anticipated. And then, your future acquisitions, I mean obviously, there are always opportunistic and if something came through that met 1 of the 4 platforms that we're interested in, we would certainly consider that. But I'd say, this year is likely to see more tuck-in type of opportunities like this small stopcock line that we brought into our medical space at the tail end of this year. And then I think on share repurchase, beyond the offsetting dilution, we've been pretty opportunistic in the past. We have a program, $200 million program, that's open that we utilize in a way, hopefully, that's opportunistic. So that's kind of the priorities. I don't think that's really change from where we're at. We may see less investment in acquisitions in the near-term.
Michael F. Hilton: I think, if you look at it, it's fallen in, I think, primarily into our Adhesive area, some of that's traditional adhesive, some of that is sort of I think in our plastics area, OEM related plastics piece. So I think, that's primarily where we saw in the current quarter. That said, on the plastic space, I would say the move from the OEM group, which is in the plastics area, there's a lot of critical OEMs within Europe, largely in Germany and Austria, it was pretty upbeat in terms of opportunities going forward. Now some of those are longer lead time, kind of items as Greg has talked about. But I would say, that was more encouraging at the case show.
Michael F. Hilton: No. I'd say in the -- that there are particularly in the areas where we the companies we bought were didn't have sort of a good presence in some of the other film related products that were outside of biax, we introduced new technology and we're getting good traction there, so those are I'd say encouraging. And we had some new technology across the board that we are introducing this year that I think, will gain some traction there. And what I was saying is that the case show and through discussions with OEMs, we're starting to see projects on the list for Biax film. Now they are longer lead time and probably start to have an impact more towards the end of next year and into '15, but that was certainly encouraging after probably 2 years of relative softness. And then I would say, the injection molding side has been pretty strong, not quite the same kinds of investment versus demand issue that we've seen. So that helps sort of accelerate our business and our Kreyenborg business. And I would say, one of the businesses that we acquired as part of Kreyenborg, BKG , was the BKG business which is in the pelletizing business, which support the sort of front end of the plastic pellets and adhesive pellets manufacturing. And that's been fairly robust and continues to be pretty robust. Those are also bigger long lead projects, but that's certainly an encouraging sign.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So I'd say if you look at this past year, the whole sort of move to Asia for Xuzhou, there's an element in one of the product lines of the facility consolidation. So we're in effect the shutdown now one facility in the U.S. I'd say, if you look at everything that we are doing around our EFD and medical device business, there's some opportunity for a smart way to support growth that also involves some consolidation and we're working through that now, and that's something we'll do this year. And then I would say, one of the things that has come with all of the acquisitions, particularly in the plastic space, is a lot of capability and we need to figure out how to optimize that, not only within the plastic space, but also with our sort of core adhesive business. That's probably not a 2014 kind of thing, but that's something that we've looked at beyond that. So we've got a variety of things that we're looking at, one of which probably hits in 2014 and the others are probably be beyond that. But there's an opportunity to optimize.
Michael F. Hilton: It's still a big opportunity, John. If you look at the penetration there, still probably only around 30% in terms of amenable market. And over the next 5 years, we think that moves to 60%. So we do see that as a nice growth opportunity for that business. I would say there's been heavy investment over the last 2 to 3 years to kind of support that transition, but I would expect over the next several years to see that continue to support that penetration. And the other thing that we're seeing there is a move more quickly to the more fully featured kind of products that are popular in the West.
