Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First, I want to thank our global team for their ongoing efforts. They continue to serve our customers at an extremely high level and are committed to continuous improvement. As Greg mentioned, given our backlog and order rates, we expect organic volume growth to be approximately 3% compared to the prior year, at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance. This is a strong level given the continued softness in the global macroeconomic environment and reflects the solutions we bring to the diverse end markets we serve. We're particularly pleased with the ongoing strength we're seeing in the Adhesive Dispensing segment and the return of demand we're starting to see within Advanced Technology electronics and markets. We expect to leverage this increased volume to deliver normalized operating margins and earnings per share and exceed the level of the same period a year ago. I'm also pleased to report that we're making solid progress on our margin enhancement initiatives. During the quarter, we continue to execute on integration and footprint optimization activities within the Adhesive Dispensing segment. We also took action within the Advanced Technology segment to drive efficiency within our electronic systems product lines. We plan to continue executing on activities across the company that will enable us to meet our goal of 200 basis points improvement to the normalized operating margin by the end of 2017. Overall, the trajectory of the global economy remains uncertain for the year. At the same time, we remain well-positioned to capture growth opportunities when and where they occur. We remain focused on continuous improvement and our strong ongoing cash generation provided the ability to fund multiple priorities that will benefit our shareholders over the long term. At this point, let me turn over the call to you for questions.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So, this is a solid quarter for the polymer business. I'd say if you look at the margin improvement overall, I would say, something like a third that is probably related to the initiatives that we've talked about taking, and then the other two-thirds is split between the volume growth that we've seen and normalized continuous improvement kind of activities. And so, it was really solid quarter for both the sort of traditional core adhesives as well as the polymer business from a sales perspective.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. What I would say is, in this quarter, we haven't seen that sort of tick up. What have seen is some activity in the semiconductor side on sort of Advanced Technology, particularly affecting our dispense businesses. And we have started to see a step up in our tiered products in Asia where we have some penetration into the mobile customer base, primarily the Chinese mobile customer base, that's more than onesies and twosies. I would say the normal sort of seasonal pickup that we see in this business we'd expect to see more in Q2 and going into Q3. That said, there are a lot projects that we're working on right now, which is typical at this time, where we go through a qualifying effort and then the order placement tends to occur later in Q2 into Q3. So, I would say that activity level is high and particularly encouraging across the Dispense segment.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say – Greg's looking it up, because I don't remember off hand what the mix is on the parts and systems. I don't think that's a big issue in the quarter. And I would say really every product line was up nicely, whether it was the packaging, the nonwovens, the product assembly, the four product lines within the polymer area were all up nicely in the quarter. So, that was certainly very, very encouraging there. So, I don't think there's a significant mix effect. Greg on...
Michael F. Hilton: No. I'd say there's a couple of things. I'd say, if you look at this year versus last year, we do have the Lunar New Year hitting in this order week period. So, for that week, we essentially registered no orders. And so, you have a bit of a swing associated with that. It doesn't mean there aren't orders. We just didn't have any recorded. I'd say, secondly, our core adhesives continued to remain up sort of mid-single digits. The polymer business was off a little bit, but there's really more lumpiness on products. If you look at that business over the last couple of quarters, it was up 9%, it was up 20%-plus in this quarter. It's just timing more than anything else there. So, there is a Chinese New Year effect, not sure how big that is. And then there's some project timing effect and solid sort of core adhesive performance.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay. I would say, this year is looking a bit like last year, where we have a nice pipeline, but likely to be smaller tuck-in kinds of opportunities. The medical area is one, where there could be some larger opportunities. But at this point in time, it looks like smaller kind of tuck-ins is what we're talking about for this year as well. We can probably go to the next question then.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay. Yeah. So, just a couple of comments. Last year, we had a more modest year from a dispense standpoint in the electronics systems side of that business and we had a really strong year as related to surface treatment or technology business. And that had a significant effect on mix, both good businesses and product lines, but a significant effect on mix. The surface treatment business is continuing to remain solid. The dispense business is starting to pick up. In this quarter, we've seen some of the advanced packaging on the semi side translate into nice orders with some of the new dispense technology that we have out there that works well at the wafer level. We also saw our Tier – sort of Tier II products coming out of China, going into some of the Chinese suppliers, that are largely on the mobile side, pick up. And then, I'd say, from a project standpoint, this is the time of the year where we see a lot of project activity from a qualifying standpoint and we do see a lot of dispense projects across the full spectrum, some that fall into our EFD business and a lot that fall into our electronics systems business. We haven't really seen the impact of the orders yet there is what I was trying to suggest. I think the earlier comment was suggesting that, as the year builds, as the volume grows, we'll see significant margin improvement. And if you look back historically, last year maybe a little bit of anomaly. But if you look back to last three years or four years, we've typically seen a more modest first quarter and then margins in the 20% for the full year. And assuming these projects that we're working on translates into revenue, we would expect the same kind of improvement in overall annual performance.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Again, the caveat is those projects translate into the revenue and last year some of them didn't go ahead. But I'd say, we've got a broad range of products this year and we're encouraged by what we see at this point.
Michael F. Hilton: Well, certainly, the 8% is a good start. The most-recent order rates are down to closer to the sort of 1% level, although we provided the caveat around the Lunar New Year having some impact there. What I would say is, and Greg alluded to this, everything that's going into the consumer non-durable space looks pretty good at this point in time and pretty resilient in the face of a macro environment that's clearly uncertain and trending to the level that we suggested last quarter in the kind of low 2% for the year. I would say, in the larger project range, the things that would affect say product assembly, some of our coatings business, we see good activity. But that's the area, where if anything got pushed, it might be in that area as people question capital spending going forward. And we're seeing some of that activity like that in China leading to some softer numbers in the short term. But I would say, when we look then to project list and funded project list, that also looks encouraging across most businesses. So, in the quarter, we've said, hey, the midpoint looks like 3% even with the backlog at 8% based on the most-recent order rates. And again, I think we're encouraged on the non-durable space, we're cautious of it – on the durable space just because it's just not that clear at the moment. But activity level is not falling off.
Michael F. Hilton: I would say, no significant change, typically for those customers that are on an annual capital budget, most things get approved by the end of January and we start to see them let and come through in the February and beyond timeframe. So, through the quarter, I'd say it played out fairly typically as what we expect. So, nothing unusual there. We'd expect the bigger projects to be let in the third quarter – in the second quarter and then into the third quarter.
Michael F. Hilton: No, I would say, most of it would fall in the category of project timing year-over-year. Last year, this period of time, overall U.S. orders were up 12%. And particularly, in our Coatings business we had very, very strong orders in the auto platform business. And so, that's sort of a year-over-year effect that's having some impact. And we think it's more project timing than anything else. So, no, it's not an international or currency-related impact. It's more project timing.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say, in general, packaging and nonwovens, was tend to be the non-durable piece, are pretty solid. I would say, on the product assembly side, it's a little weaker at the moment. Again, they tend to be more higher dollar, more capital related. We expect some of that from a seasonal standpoint and we do see good activity. But if anything would get pushed, it would be things like the product assembly area and then a number of the coatings-related activities and maybe some of the bigger polymer projects. So, that's the one that, while we're not hearing that at the moment, that's probably where the risk would be. And right now, it looks more like a normal quarter on the product assembly timing, but that's the one area that's been a little bit softer within the quarter.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So, I would say, it's just starting to move from the handful of unit orders to orders that are more in the range, 20, 30, 40 kind of units at a time, so starting to get some traction. These are mid-tier products, so they would have – they'd be fully automated, but not necessarily as sophisticated as our high-end products when you think about vision system and dual dispensing and things like that. They're coming out of China largely, at our Suzhou facility, so we have nice margins on this business. Not as good as our fully-featured products, but good margins in the business. I would say, though, in general, the Chinese manufacturers are still pretty low on the curve from an automation perspective. They still do a lot manually. And we think, in the long run, that's a nice upside for us. It's not driving that part of the segment at the moment, but we have gone from putting units in, demonstrating them, selling a handful of units to real orders, and so that's encouraging.
Michael F. Hilton: I would say the answer to the first one is it's probably 50% to two-thirds of the pricing of the high-end units and the margins wouldn't be quite as high, but they're probably within 10 points of the kind of margins we see in the high-end units. The high-end units have a lot more features. So, they might be dual dispense systems with laser vision systems and so forth. So, they'd be different margins, but good margins nonetheless.
Michael F. Hilton: I would say, it's a mix. The comment on the semi side is really a function of some new technology going into different customers that are on the wafer side of things, so leading-edge customers on the wafer side. So, that's really a combination of new product technology and a new application there, which is encouraging, and like to see that grow. We have introduced a whole new line of dispense technology that's getting some traction. And I'd say we haven't yet seen the big uptick that we would expect seasonally, which as I said earlier would come later in the quarter. So, we are seeing some improvements in the underlying customer base, but it's probably more linked to new products and technologies that we're offering than anything else.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'd say it's encouraging. And as I commented on the sort of traditional adhesives businesses, the non-durables are solid. The area where we have a little more concern is on the product assembly, which is more investment related, but that's been solid today, but we have some concerns – a little bit more concern going forward. But this is a period where that's typically what you'd see. And on the polymer side, we've come out of two really strong quarters from order entry. It's a little bit off right now, but that looks more like project timing than anything else based on the activity levels. So, I'd say, we are encouraged. We're not trying to get too far ahead of ourselves here, though, just given the general level of uncertainty in the macro environment.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Well, I would say, in general, we're still on the early phases of the improvement activity in the polymer side of things. So, the margins aren't where we'd like to see them. But just to give you a sense of things that we've accomplished so far, we have shutdown and exited our Belgian facility in Europe and consolidated that. We have got out of two small product lines related to that, one plating and one our rolls business in the U.S. that were not making money for us and so we've exited those businesses. We have pulled together the plant to consolidate our German facilities from two to one and that requires expanding the one facility. So, that's going to play into 2017. In the U.S., in our dies business, we have three facilities, we'll go down at least one and that should play out over the next year. And then, there's some other activities that we have underway that we'll talk more about later in the year that continue the improvement plan in that business. But I would say, we are on track with our expectations there and we're doing everything we can to pull in the time horizon. But when you look at consolidating facilities and expand ones, while (42:56) the timing to make that happen stretches out more than everybody would like, but we're going as fast as we can in that regard. So, I'd say, we are on track. The margins aren't where we like to see them yet. We haven't really seen the big volume drivers come back yet, even though we've had some nice volume growth and that's something that we expect to see probably more in the 2017, 2018 timeframe. But we're on a good path.
