Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2023 third quarter conference call. While sales were at the low-end of our expected guidance range for the quarter, I would like to recognize the dedicated Nordson team who has actively controlled cost in divisions where it was necessary and leverage the NBS Next growth framework to deliver strong growth in divisions where the market demand was strong. This resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $2.35, which was at the high-end of our third quarter EPS guidance. Going into the third quarter, we expected to be pressured by the ongoing weakness in our electronics and biopharma product lines. We understand the macro factors impacting these end markets and we have line of sight to returning to growth. This quarter's electronics end-market softness is particularly visible when looking at our results in Asia Pacific, which declined 20%. This reflects decreased demand from semiconductor customers in our ATS segment and electronics assembly customers in our MFS segment. These markets are cyclical, and we anticipate them turning in the middle of 2024. The diversification of our business offset some of this pressure. From a product perspective, we continue to experience double-digit organic growth in medical interventional solutions and polymer processing product lines, as well as high-single-digit growth in the test and inspection business. Regionally, we experienced mid-single-digit organic growth in both Americas and Europe, as our customers in both these regions are rebalancing their supply chains to be closer to the markets they serve. I'll speak more about the enterprise and our exciting new acquisition of ARAG in few moments, but first, I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results of the quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. From an end-market perspective, if you think about the three segments, IPS, we feel pretty good about where we are at in comparison to our long-term, as well as sequentially. We expect this system to continue to be at or above our long-term growth rate. So that's what is embedded in the growth. Suddenly, electronics and biopharma continuing at the levels they are today, we don't expect them to recover here in the fourth quarter. They certainly are our expectation, and we'll talk a little bit more about it later. In that electronics, we expect sometime in middle of calendar 2024 is when we expect that to turn and biopharma sometime in the first quarter of 2024 is when we anniversary, but the growth on biopharma is going to be, as I indicated in my initial comments, that is going to be -- we're going to be cautious here as to when that fully recovers to its high single-digits kind of growth rate. But nothing in biopharma long-term secular trends have been impacted. So we fully expect we will get to it. It is just a matter of how long it takes for us to get back to it. And then if you think about our medical IS business, that is growing double-digits. We fully expect that in the fourth quarter, we continue to do so. Our polymer processing businesses are doing incredibly well, and they are expected to do well in the next quarter. And we've got a couple of system businesses that are -- that have strong backlog we expect to do well as well.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. If you think about China itself, right, a majority of our electronic businesses -- if you look at our electronic business divisions, more than 75% of their revenues is in Asia, right? And significant part of that is in China. So if you think about our China, Asia Pac impact, what you find is the majority of the China impact is due to electronics. And so, that is more cyclical and we fully expect that it follows the cyclicality. What we -- what we do see is our major global customers. So if you think about our China exposure, our China exposure is following large international global customers to China. And we do have some mid-tier Chinese customers that we serve, but across the segments, mostly it is global customers. What we find with most of our global customers, there is some amount of rebalancing of supply chain going on, but we don't see anybody making significant moves out of China. It seems from our work with our customers in other regions, be it in North America or be it in Europe or in other parts of Asia, we do see customers building, let's say, additional capacity or new capacity in different regions other than China. So that's why you begin to see in our regional numbers a nice growth in Americas and a nice growth in Europe and a decline in Asia Pac. Asia Pac, in some ways, a big part of it is China. Japan in general is doing really well for us. It's a smaller business, but it is doing well. So, from what we can see, the majority of the decline that we see today is cyclical related to electronics. We do see some large system misses which are and could be up and down given in any quarter. So, we don't see anything structurally changing, but we do see investments happening in other places, if that makes sense.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And just in addition to that, I would say, is medical fluid components flattens out, maybe picks up a little bit. And our interventional component grows high-single digits is sort of how I would...
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. If you look at both the deals, we were excited strategically for both those opportunities. They fit right smack dab in the middle of where we want it to be, highly-differentiated precision technologies, very attractive growth rates in end markets we really like in places we really understand and do well and have a customer-centric business model. So strategically, both of them were exactly where we want it to be and we pursue both of them equally, yeah. And so, what really when we came down to final due diligence, we exercise financial discipline, we've always talked about, look, we first go through the strategic criteria and if we like it, we go to the next step and then when it's financially make sense for the company, has a returns we'd like, then we do it. So what I'm telling you is that, on ARAG, we hit both of them. In the other deal, in the final analysis, we couldn't get there and we were financially disciplined and so we walked away from it.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. One thing I would add, as we were talking about the end markets, Matt, in your question, the end-market challenges and the upsides and we talk about the two acquisitions. I would kind of step back and think about this quarter. And if you think about this quarter, what Nordson's team really did was have an operational excellence that kind of came through in the results. It really showed there were some challenges on the topline, but the team did an incredible job. And that showed during the bottom line, right? And one to look at it and say that's operational excellence and you could simply walk away. But from my vantage point, what really shines through is the work we've been doing inside the company around Ascend strategy and the competitive advantage we are building. And this competitive advantage of Ascend strategy really what it is, is you've got strong winning teams with an incredible owner mindset that are executing the NBS Next growth framework and delivering results, right? That's the competitive advantage we are building and that shows up in three different ways. One, it shows up in divisions where end-market conditions are challenged, the team really takes an owner mindset and figures out what kind of cost actions we need to take and deliver decremental margins that we've talked about in the 55%. Then you have a set of divisions that have strong market opportunities and really fully participating in that growth through incredible customer service and delivering really strong incremental margins, right? And then on the third side, the company not sitting idle, certainly looking at what are the growth opportunities through acquisitions. And so, the team really -- the three different themes and end of the day, that's what we're talking about here. That's in my mind is what is coming through in our results in the quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: What we're seeing is, this is a set of businesses that we've gone through some pretty good work around setting the business up for taking advantage of the growth opportunities. Really the biggest growth opportunity that is out there that this team is pursuing really is the recycling. And what we find is given this whole issue around plastic usage reduction, I don't know whether I go as far as to say plastic ban, but in certain parts of the world, those words get thrown around, but we do find incredible demand for recycling. And we have some unique technology in our BKG business in Germany that allows us to serve that particular market. And I would highlight that as an pretty strong secular trend that is going on. And that business has some pretty strong backlog going into next year, significant part of next year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So maybe help me. So you want to take the D&A question first, and then I can maybe make a comment around the inventory piece.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And in terms of inventory, remember, the recurring revenue here are parts. They're not significant systems are big units that are sitting in our distributor shelves that takes a little bit longer time. These are small sprayers and that sort of component. We're still -- we still don't own the business. Obviously, we don't have a lot of detailed information around where they are at. But my expectation would be that, that is not a significant issue for us in that business.
Sundaram Nagarajan: All right. Let me start with where we're at in terms of the businesses, which is our electronics business and our fluid components biopharma business, both of those order entry has bottomed out is the best way to put it. So where they are currently performing, they have come to a place where we feel good about that it is not any further declines. We've seen as the quarter progressed, we could start to see that this is at the bottom. In terms of our businesses that are performing incredibly well and contributed to the growth, medical interventional business and our polymer solution business on the other end of the spectrum have done well and the order entry remains pretty robust. And then you have a group of businesses sort of in the middle, some a little bit high, some a little bit low. In all of those cases, what we truly find is the order entry has sequentially improved. They have improved through the quarters, and that's kind of where we would say. The order entry has not significantly picked up or significantly declined. And that's really how we come to saying that it is about steady.
Sundaram Nagarajan: No. From what we know and based on our experience, no, it's about similar. Maybe -- is there an offset? There could be a slight offset, but nothing significant. We don't believe so.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our strong operating performance reflects the strength of our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model and diversified end-markets. Again, I want to thank Nordson employees for their commitment, which makes these results possible. The continued deployment of Ascend strategy will position us well for long-term growth. Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. So let me take a start with that Jeff, if I could. So at the midpoint of the guide, it's roughly 3.5% growth. And so, when you think about that for Q4, the acquisition should contribute about 6%, FX will be favorable, about 2.5% and from an organic standpoint, it's negative 5%, which is consistent with what we just delivered here in Q3. And then when you think about the range, I appreciate on the ARAG acquisition, the timing of the actual close will contribute to that. And the first two months post-acquisition, we have that range there of $20 million (ph) to $30 million. So that drive some volatility, I would say, or flex expands the range on the revenue guidance a little bit there. The other is -- as I would tell you is the timing of some large system shipments. Q4 last year was our strongest quarter of the year as you recall, and Q4 this year is forecasted to be the same. And so, there are large system deliveries in there. And so, sometimes those get pushed and pulled out, so that contributes to little bit to the how wide the range is on revenue. And from an end-market standpoint, Naga, you can comment.
Joseph Kelley: Yeah. So let me take a stab at that, Jeff. First of all, on the purchase accounting, we'll hold off and I'll give some clear guidance on that when we do our full-year 2024. And so, right now, the guide with the amortization just is really looking at historical trends for acquisitions of this nature and a percentage of the purchase price, but we will firm that up, when we issue the 2024 guide for Nordson, which will include purchase accounting assumptions on ARAG. On the interest expense, given the current market conditions, depending on where the bonds will price later this year, our estimate currently is that total Nordson interest expense will be roughly 5% to 5.5% based on current market conditions. And that's for our weighted basket of debt.
Joseph Kelley: If you look from a year-to-date standpoint, we're slightly below 5% in terms of our weighted average interest cost.
Joseph Kelley: No. I would just -- I would be just repeating what you said. I mean if you think about our backlog worth of $1 billion, it used to be balanced across all the divisions. It has migrated over the last, I would tell you six months, maybe nine months and today, it's disproportionately heavy weighted -- heavily weighted on the large systems businesses and medical IS where the remaining, which is the majority of our business has normalized to historical levels.
Joseph Kelley: Yeah. I would just say, Matt, when you think about it, the electronics, the EPS division is down like roughly 20%. When you study the T&I, given the diversity of that end-market, those applications, while it may go through ups and downs and it's been growing the last several years, I wouldn't anticipate a scenario -- we don't see a scenario where that's down 20%, offsetting some recovery in EPS. And similarly, I would tell you, if you go to the medical mix -- in our -- the destocking going on there in the biopharma is quite unique, where it's down 30%, 40%, whereas the medical interventional solution, yes, it's growing nice double-digits now, but if you go back during the pandemic, the COVID, that was only down in the, I would say, 10%, maybe 15%. So, it just doesn't have the magnitude of the swings that we're seeing in the current down-cycle. So, I wouldn't anticipate that to offset the recovery in those in '24.
Joseph Kelley: Chris, I would add when you think about that polymer processing you go back in time and remember the divestiture of the Xaloy business. The divestiture of that product line, I would tell you, resulted in upgrading the quality and the degree of differentiation of the product lines that remained in that polymer processing division. And so, I think that's what you see also fallen through some of these numbers.
Joseph Kelley: Yeah. The answer to your question is, yes, that typical 2.5% of purchase price is our starting point in terms of the annual amortization.
