Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our outlook for the second quarter. Our order rates are positive, and we are forecasting solid sequential and year-over-year top line growth relative to the global economic environment. While the nature of our business does not provide us with tremendous visibility beyond the next quarter, I'll make a few general comments about the full year. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, the overall macroeconomic backdrop this year looks a lot like last year. In that environment, we delivered 8% organic sales growth for the full year. Current global GDP forecasts for 2013 are estimated to be a bit above 2%, in line with 2012. We do think it's reasonable for Nordson to generate mid-to high single-digit organic sales volume growth in 2013, provided these macroeconomic forecasts materialize. At the midpoint of our second quarter forecast, Nordson's first half organic growth is within this range. Assuming Nordson's full year organic growth in fiscal 2013 will be in line with fiscal 2012's organic growth, we could see full year operating margins in line with our reported fiscal 2012 performance, reflecting strong volume leverage effect on operating margin and earnings. We continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth aspects of many end markets we serve. We are still seeing strong activity in mobile electronic device end markets; our presence in medical applications continue to grow; we are the leaders in the consumer nondurable space, such as packaging and nonwovens, which are resistant and have significant growth opportunities in emerging markets; and in consumer-durable markets, order rates for our solutions are very solid. We expect to continue winning in our markets through our combination of outstanding direct sales and service and our commitment to innovative products that provide the best value to our customers. One example we are particularly excited about is Freedom, our next-generation hot melt adhesive system for packaging, which we expect to launch by the end of the quarter. Freedom has been operating successfully in field tests for several months, and customers responded enthusiastically to our preview of the system at last October's PACK EXPO, one of the industry's largest packaging trade shows. We expect the benefits of this new system will cause customers to upgrade a portion of our large installed base over the next several years, and we are also attract new customers and clearly reinforce our position as the industry leader in packaging solutions. In terms of an update on the integration of last year's acquisitions, we are a making solid progress. As Greg mentioned previously, we're experiencing a short-term supply demand mismatch in certain applications within the plastic processing space. However, we continue to be excited about the growth prospects for EDI and Xaloy and the synergy potential. With regard to Sealant Equipment, our other acquisition in 2012, we see good growth opportunity within and outside the U.S. and are moving quickly to capitalize on Nordson's global infrastructure. For each of these acquisitions, our continuous improvement initiatives are on track. In closing, I want to thank our global team again for their continued hard work. Their passion for our customers continues to make us the preferred choice in the industries we serve and to generate excellent results for our shareholders. At this time, let's turn to your questions.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I'd say at a high level, we are seeing some softness there at Industrial Coating, so we're actually encouraged on what we're seeing in terms of bid activity, but we're also seeing the impact in our larger ticket items that fall within the adhesive segment so our general assembly, product assembly applications there tend to be larger ticket items that go into construction and consumer-durable goods and we're seeing softness there. And as we mentioned in data plastic processing, I'm excited. Again, the bigger ticket items particularly in the dye side, we're seeing some softness there. So I think it really falls into a hesitancy around investment on larger items that we are seeing based on the general economic environment you're seeing in Europe.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. What we see is we expect improvement really throughout the year starting in the next quarter, and that's based on some longer lead orders we see coming in, as well as a number of new applications that we spent a fair bit of time last year prior -- the team did prior to the acquisition and continued in the acquisition after we owned them to qualify new applications. So we're quoting and starting to receive orders in some of their new applications that we expect to pick up as the year goes on. So we expect a solid year for both of these businesses.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. There's certainly some of that. An example would be we've moved fairly quickly to rationalize some sites in Europe, and we're seeing some impact associated with that in the quarter, as an example. But as Greg mentioned, we also have sort of the impact of kind of volume deleveraging that we think is going to come back as we move throughout the year based on sort of bid activity and what we're seeing in terms of orders in these new applications there. We feel like that's going to progress throughout the year, but yes, you're correct. We did have some impacts as part of the integration in the first quarter.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So if you look at it, first quarter is always the softest. So we see volumes step up. Second, if you look at it historically, second, third and fourth quarter, are not dramatically different from volume where the first quarter is. So that's going to weigh down the year as probably the biggest single factor. I think from a mixed perspective, though, we do anticipate, for example, our adhesives area picking up throughout the year. And relative to sort of a strong mix we had in the first quarter from the coatings segment, that will be more balanced throughout the year. The third item is we do have costs that come in, in the first part of the year from the normal increases around merit and so forth. And as we've noted, we have some specific spending in the technology sector that plays out throughout the year, which gets absorbed more easily with the volume leverage that comes back in. So those are some of the things that we see, but it starts with volume leverage and then the ability to absorb the costs that we've talked about as these things come back and then some mix benefits that we anticipate throughout the year to get to a more normal mix of business.
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I think we would anticipate, in general, margins for all of the businesses to pick up in the second half assuming the volume comes through. So I think you're going to see a general rise in tide, much like we saw happened last year.
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say, first, we actually started off a little bit better in the first quarter from the volume growth perspective than we did last year, so we're not anticipating quite a steep a step up in the second quarter, and that's kind of #1. I mean, #2, quite frankly, we're still dealing with a pretty soft Europe and the whole discussions around sequester that I think could have an impact and have people hold back on the coming quarter a little bit. So I think those are probably the 2 main things that we're seeing decent order intake, but we still hear a sort of cautious environment and they're very short term from customers around who well may hold off a little bit. So we're seeing some of that, that factors in. So I think a little bit better start than last year at the beginning of the year and then a little bit of caution around things like the sequester here, and hopefully, that gets cleared up in some way in the next month or 2.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. Let me talk first just about high level. In our view on the plastics, market is strong growth in the long run and even solid growth right now from a demand standpoint, so I'd say 6% to 7% underlying market growth. So we don't really see that change. What we saw was a fairly heavy investment in '10 and '11 in a couple of subsegment markets that are particularly important markets for us, and that's not something we didn't anticipate. It's maybe a little bit more of an imbalance in the short term than we thought. But we're thinking that within a couple of quarters, you're starting to see that get back to a more normal investment pattern. So it's really investment versus underlying demand and the timing of that. So we're not overly concerned with that, number one. Number two, we did spend a lot of time last year, as I said, the folks did, particularly the EDI, prior to acquisition and we continue post acquisition to qualify new opportunities for us, and we're starting to get orders for those new opportunities now, particularly in the premium coating market, which aligns pretty well with our own Adhesives Coatings business so we see upside there. So long run, we feel good about it. We think this a couple of quarter kind of a thing, and we have other applications that we are getting traction with -- that we think will be helpful.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, roughly about 50%, I think, or slightly less than that is generally replacement. The timing of that -- there's 2 elements that drive that. One is wear, normal wear and the other is sort of more catastrophic type of thing. But the main driver is that normal wear. So it's in the mid-40% to 50% is typically what we would see.
Michael F. Hilton: I think we're sort of starting on the uptick again here in terms of the absorption. Again, we don't see this as a long-term issue. We see this as a mainly a kind of a first quarter kind of issue, and things have been picking up and we expect to see good progress in the next couple of quarters. Quite frankly, we -- assuming the macroeconomic environment plays out in that sort of 2% GDP, we expect to be nicely positive for the year. So we're not overly concerned about what we're seeing in the first quarter. We're probably a quarter behind where we thought we're going to be.
Michael F. Hilton: What we're trying to say is it's seasonal like our other businesses because of -- we're talking about the holiday period.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. It'll be more second-half weighted. And that's based on what we see in terms of bid activity and order trends and quite frankly, assuming an improvement from where we are today and sort of the U.S. side of GDP and global GDP in general.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So I would say there's a little bit of benefit just on year-over-year, where the new year heads but not much. I would say encouragingly, we have started to see, particularly in our consumable coating applications, some new orders come in that will be in a more traditional space. If you look at the industry forecast, there's still more second half weighted for that to tick up after really probably 1 year to 1.5 years would be fairly soft. But we have, in our recent order rates, seen some nice orders come in to support that kind of activity, so it's an encouraging sign. I'd say another encouraging sign we saw in our coatings business is really sort of-- some uptick in the office furniture side that we wouldn't have necessarily expected in some leisure products. Those are things that have been soft for a while, and we've seen a little bit of an indication of an uptick there. I think there's a lot to go there, yes, but it's encouraging.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So first of all, we like the mobile area. We like the mobile areas because there's always new devices and features coming out and it's at least an annual cycle and sometimes more frequent than that. And yes, with some device suppliers, we are working on several next-generation opportunities as we speak, and we've been working on all of those. And we're looking to expand and broaden applications in that particular space as they put new devices in there, some newer opportunities, so we see some broadening there. Obviously, the smartphone growth rate is continuing to be strong but moderating a little bit as the penetration occurs. And then, I would say, in the electronic side, we're hopeful that we'll see a start backup in the second half of the year so some of the things that we talked about earlier in terms of more traditional applications. And then finally, we have very nice growth in our medical business, which our medical and general assembly in that space is about 25%, so we're seeing nice growth there on the medical piece of that in particular.
Michael F. Hilton: No, it was solid last year, too. I'm just saying, you ask about going forward, we're seeing good growth now and we expect to continue to see good growth in that space going forward. So a quarter of that business is not electronics. So we see that as a continuation, and then we see the mobile as being strong. And then certain niche applications like MEMs are solid as well. So that kind of continuing from last year we see as important and given the potential, I think, the potential upside is more of the desktop server markets picking up in the latter half of the year.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So if you look at smartphones last year, we're probably more like 30%, 40%, and we're expecting it to be more like the high teens to 20% this year just because you've had a huge wave of penetration over the last couple of years. We still see that being very robust. Then again, we don't see any change in this sort of cycle of development that people are getting any slower in introducing new products. And as I said earlier, we do also see this potential to expand some of the applications that we provide today into a couple of new areas. So that sort of combination makes us hopeful that we'll see a continued growth in that element of the electronics part of the business, and we're seeing that right now.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. And so add another microphone, add another camera, put another accelerometer in there, Bluetooth features and then more sophisticated chips all support growth.
Michael F. Hilton: We've seen -- it's not a shift away from parts. It's really about strong systems set of sales relative to what we've historically seen at this time of year. And then our view is there's a lot of pent-up demand for the last couple of years that is starting to come through at least with the big guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, yes. When you look at the product lines, we do have some variation across the product lines and that did affect things negatively in terms of the more traditional approach. So yes, that was a factor. We're coming off a very, very favorable mix and a very high margin in the first quarter last year.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, we've got a very focused plan, have had a very focused plan over the last several years in terms of improving the profitability there, and we think there's continued to be more opportunity to go in that business. Obviously, some of it you realize, when the volume comes to fruition -- but, for example, we've had a very focused effort around our whole powder coatings business and we're sort of shipping the newest designs as we speak and we're starting to see the benefit come through from the newest approaches and design. So yes, we see more upside potential as the volume continues to grow there with the productivity improvements that we have in place in there. So I think it's a good story. Obviously, as with most of our businesses, volume is important and that's no exception, but it's a good story in terms of what that team has been able to do to improve the overall profitability and recognizing that that's an engineered systems business, where we're the OEM. So there's a lot of stuff in there that's not our stuff, and we're doing a good job.
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I'd say pricing was generally fairly flat, maybe slightly up in certain areas, but fairly flat. On a typical year, we might see prices move 1% or 2% over the year. Typically, that's as the year plays out but not a huge movement. And then our focus is really continuing to be on bringing new technology and price it appropriately and get the benefits from a margin standpoint on that new technology.
Michael F. Hilton: Well, thank you very much for participating in our conference today, and I would like again to thank our team for delivering a strong quarter and we're optimistic about where we can go from here so thank you.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. Generally, our gross margins are not too different across the geographies within each of the segments, but there is some slight differences from one to the other, and there was an impact in the quarter when you looked at the weighting of one particular geography sales versus another as compared to last year. It's, as I said, generally not a big difference, but there was some impact.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Well, for example, at Japan -- in Japan, we generate very strong adhesive margins. Now, of course, adhesive margins globally are very strong, but there's kind of a revenue mix by geography within a particular quarter that's going to have an impact.
Gregory A. Thaxton: I'd say they're pretty steady. So we haven't seen a big spike. Obviously, they softened a bit around the holiday piece and picked up after the holiday piece in the normal pattern. So if you -- they're pretty consistent with our normal pattern, which is they start to decline in our fourth quarter and declined through kind of the holiday period and then pick up in January. And so that's what we have seen but nothing unusual there.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Chris, this is Greg, I'd add, tying back to your first point, there is also some benefit of some of these integration costs being behind us in the first quarter. And as that volume levers as well, we'll get some lift in margins.
Gregory A. Thaxton: The capital investment cycle for that space is similar to the rest of Nordson, where, both from our customers' capital cycle as well as the holiday period, their volumes tend to be softer in the first quarter than the remaining quarters of our fiscal year.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Mark, I'd just make the point. This is a point last year where we started seeing that ramp up, if you will, in the Advanced Technology order book. But yet, to this -- at this point, our latest 12 weeks, we're still up 5% over a pretty robust set of numbers last year, so the trends are still moving in our favor.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Andrew, I'd add the point that it's also the features embedded into those smartphones that are drivers as well to our top line. It may not just be the volume of the smartphones, but if these manufacturers are adding features or capabilities within these devices, that's a good thing for us.
Gregory A. Thaxton: So in the softer cycle, when customers are pulling back from the investment in new systems, we're still selling those spare parts as they're running their production lines. In periods where you get that ramp up in investment as we're seeing now, it's not that there's less parts, it's just the waiting that's slanted more toward new systems.
Gregory A. Thaxton: No, not under our share repurchase program, no. So cash from operations in the quarter was about $40 million.
Gregory A. Thaxton: The biggest item in there would be currency loss on balance sheet positions and more specifically associated with the short movement in the yen.
