Michael Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I’d like to provide a few summary comments. Clearly Nordson is outperforming the current macroeconomic environment. We are benefiting from the diversity of our end markets and capturing growth with innovative products, tiering new applications, emerging market penetration, and recapitalization of our installed base. We’re leveraging that growth to widen margins and increase profitability. Independent of volume, we’re also continuing to use tools in the Nordson business system to drive improvement across the enterprise. We’re on track to deliver full-year records for revenue, operating profit, and diluted earnings per share. At the midpoint of our guidance, full-year organic sales growth would be approximately 5% compared to the prior year. We expect full-year operating margin to improve compared to the prior year, given volume leverage on this growth and the benefits of this year’s margin enhancement initiatives. At this point, we’d be happy to take your questions.
Michael Hilton: Well, I’d say this quarter both elements of the business were strong. Obviously in the segment, the non-medical piece is probably three-quarters of the segment, so that’s had a significant effect. What we’ve seen is a couple of things: a continuation of what we saw last quarter in terms of new products creating new opportunities for us, but also it took up on the mobile side of the business across both the semi-automated and the automated dispense and then the ensuing inspection-related activities. So I’d say certainly a lot of weight in this quarter coming from the mobile side of things and the broadening of our applications base and opportunities related to new products, while medical continued to be strong.
Michael Hilton: Yes, we take a look at the mix of projects that we have in, and for some of our businesses there are deliveries that stretch a little bit longer based on when they come into orders. So you’re exactly right thinking that some of those could end up being in the fourth quarter--or I mean, the first quarter.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say part of it is just looking at overall volume expectations, but in actuality also the mix. So if you look at it as an example, this is a strong quarter with order entry on the coatings business, which has been a little softer against tough comps for most of the year, and so the mix of that business will have an effect coming into the fourth quarter for example. So really when we look at it, it’s really more a function of volume mix than anything else, and that’s our best estimate at this point in time.
Michael Hilton: Yes, there are a number of different applications that fall into that. Certainly some of them fall into the category driven by housing and construction, some of them relate to industrial machinery that are related to really consumer non-durable demand and the step-up in consumer non-durable demand. I think some of it also is a function of a nice set of tiered offerings that we’ve put in place to take advantage of some new opportunities, particularly in emerging markets. I’d say we have a variety of things there that are picking up. Our focus is really around particular opportunities where we can create value and ultimately obviously get paid for the value we create.
Michael Hilton: Yes, if you look at it and just look at the order entries across the business, Greg talked about the two in particular that have stepped up significantly in this quarter - the advanced tech piece and the coatings piece, where the adhesive piece has been more steady. So I would say when you look at the quarter going out, you’re going to see more of the contributions coming from advanced tech and the coatings, and I guess on an order entry basis, I’d make a couple of comments. Particularly in the coatings business, I think a lot of those are going to consumer durable type applications. Some customers, given the macro scenario, were hesitant early in the year, and they’ve released some funds now, so we’re seeing a relatively strong push towards year-end. I’d say on the advanced tech side, our peak can shift from third quarter to fourth quarter from year to year, and it’s a little bit later this year as well, so that’s contributing to the order step-up. In both of those cases, some of those orders could conceivably get pushed into the first quarter, so that’s kind of a reflection. The adhesives business is more steady, and as Greg mentioned, in the fourth quarter we’re up against tougher comps from a year ago - still ahead of those, but up against tougher comps.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say the average duration hasn’t changed significantly. I mean, we have projects in the coatings business that are significant that could stretch out a little bit. We could have projects in the product assembly area that we just talked about that could stretch out a little bit, and in our plastics business we could have some projects that are a little bit longer, but I would say not dramatically different. I would say what we have seen more recently is some bigger orders coming in and sort of packages with staged deliveries, and some of those things can play out over time, so that’s part of what we’re seeing as well.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I’d say if you look at across most of the businesses, I’d say we saw Europe as modestly up, probably most solid in our traditional kind of adhesives business. Now remember, also in Europe we’ve got large OEMs that export elsewhere, so that’s one of the positive things that is affecting our business and might be a little different than what you might see in some other businesses. But I’d say generally speaking, pretty solid, modestly above year-on-year, and when you look at our coatings business in particular, we’ve had solid powder opportunities in Europe and we’re starting to see that pick up more globally for the coatings business. So I would say the combination of the OEMs and key adhesive applications and some pick-up in the coatings business is what’s really been driving the revenue. Now when you look at the orders going forward, Europe looks a little bit weaker and maybe more in line with what you’ve seen with some other companies there. I’d say for us, it’s really more of a function of timing of some large projects year-over-year and not so much an underlying trend. So we haven’t seen a Brexit effect at this point in time. It doesn’t mean something couldn’t come down the road, but we haven’t seen that at this point.
Michael Hilton: Yes, so a couple of things. We--from an application standpoint, I’d say there’s sort of two things that are driving, and maybe three. So we came out with some new technology on the dispense side that will allow us to put more dot smaller size, which widens the application approach to get to the wafer side of things. We talked a little bit about that last quarter, and that’s continued. We’re seeing those new products get traction. We’re also seeing some new applications in the mobile side which one example is more waterproofing or water resistant type of applications that are driving some opportunities. On our inspection side, the three dimensional chips and three dimensional wafers are driving X-ray inspection, and then we’ve done a nice job with tiering. You know, we talked about an acquisition we made about a year and a half ago in Europe that would allow us to get a tiered product that we then incorporated our technology on, and we’re getting nice traction in that tiered product offering on the dispense side. Then we also had an acquisition where we’re getting really good traction in Asia by incorporating our X-ray technology onto an automation platform. So those are some examples of the kinds of things that we’re seeing that are helping diversify the base of applications and customers.
Michael Hilton: I would say that unfortunately no, there’s not more visibility going out, and this business will continue to be lumpy. Certainly I think the tiered offering, getting to a different group of customers like, for example, the Chinese mobile players will be helpful because they’re earlier on in the automation curve. But we’ll still see product cycles, and as we look out on the mobile front, we typically see the design cycles from fall through early winter and then orders come through, and based on the degree of change, we’ll see more come through. I’d say what we’re doing to diversify some of these other applications that should be more steady because they apply to a broader set of opportunities, and the tiering should help because it’s earlier on in the penetration curve for some of the folks that are just automating, but there will still be lumpiness with this business.
Michael Hilton: Yes, on the medical side, we’ve grown. First of all, we’ve grown the business nicely across all the three major product lines that we have there, and we have put the new automated facility out in Colorado and that’s ramping up, and we also expanded our facility in Mexico for the cannula catheter business and some other things that we’re doing there, so those are all nice structural improvements that are helping, so the margins are improving in that area as well.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say it’s been kind of a mixed bag. We’ve seen some improvements, for example in our dies business, which are related more the film, which has been the laggard for the last couple of years. We’ve seen some good performance in our melt delivery, which is the German business. I’d say our core components, which are the screws and barrels, have been a little soft as some of the injection molding applications have slowed a little bit, and the palletizing has been generally solid but it’s bigger project-related, so it can bounce around quarter to quarter. But we’re seeing a pick-up, I’d say in the orders entry in general in the business. I’d say the one softness we’re seeing is around some slowing in the injection molding side with some improvement on the film side, so a mixed bag still.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I’d say at this point in time, if you look at sort of the range of mobile-related activities, both on the dispense and the inspection side, we’re seeing revenues that fall in the tens of millions of dollars, maybe 10, 20, $30 million range, not hundreds of millions. So I’d say on the newer technology, we’re still early on in the penetration curve, but as we’ve talked about in the past, we see these things are kind of singles and doubles and not home runs. On the adhesives side, I would say a similar kind of thing in that we’ve seen good sales on the Freedom side. We’ve seen much better sales on the Liberty side, which is more of a drop-in replacement with the same sort of melt-on-demand characteristics and automated feed systems, and that’s been strong for us. A significant portion of those--combinations of those two have been a significant portion of our new orders, probably approaching 50% of our new orders for those type of technologies.
Michael Hilton: Okay, let me take a stab at that. I mean, if you go back to the macro here for a second, we still look at the underlying macro for this year of global GDP growth to be in the low 2%, so we’re clearly outperforming the global GDP and that’s really a function of our overall business model and the importance of technology and support and service to that. So if we come in at our expectation for the fourth quarter, we’ll be about 5% organic growth through the year, which is pretty stellar relative to, I think, most other people and above that sort of 2% GDP growth. You’re right that we do have lumpiness in some cycles in some of the business. I think the benefit of our portfolio is when one is a little softer, like the coatings business has been this year, albeit against some tough comps, the other parts of the business have been able to pick that up so net-net we’re ahead. It’s not obvious to us at this point, and it’s early to proscribe, that the global economy is going to look at lot different next year. I don’t know beyond next year, so we’re planning for low growth and we’re going to continue to drive our initiatives that try and go beyond whatever the market is going to give us. So that’s more new products, it’s driving the tiering opportunities across a lot of our businesses, it’s new applications that we’re working on in effect to create our own demand. So that’s the focus of our business, is to outperform the global economy largely through our own initiatives that create demand, and that’s sort of been our success to date and that’s what we’re looking for going forward.
Michael Hilton: I would say we’re not seeing as much change in the service side, other than to say that’s a critical element of our business. When you look at our customers, the most important thing for most all of our customers is to continue to be up and running. We certainly have the most robust products out there, which helps, but they do go down from time to time and then it’s important to have the robust supply chain to provide the parts, but also the engineers and technicians that can go onsite and help them get up and running as quickly as possible. We do offer various forms of preventative maintenance and other types of programs, but at the end of the day, it’s really about helping our customers maximize their uptime and optimize their performance.
Michael Hilton: Yes, so maybe just a couple of comments. Obviously we do have strong incremental margins, so with volume growth that we’re seeing this year and some mix improvement, particularly I’d say in the advanced tech area or dispense, relative to some of the other applications, we’re getting the benefit that’s influencing that overall, what you’ve calculated, 200 basis points improvement. Our view is based on our sort of constant volume goal to be at 200 basis points by the end of ’17. We’re probably about two-thirds of the way there, assuming we come in in the fourth quarter at expectations. So we’re not 100% of the way there. There’s certainly some more opportunity we need to deliver next year, and we have actions and plans in place to do that, but we’re also getting the benefit of volume leverage. So our commitment was to get to that 200 basis points without the benefit of volume. What we’re seeing this year obviously is improvement on that path but also the benefit of volume and some mix as well. Longer term, we will continue to identify opportunities to improve and we’ve got strong continuous improvement activity, but we haven’t put any other sort of goals out there beyond ’17 from a non-volume related margin standpoint at this point.
Michael Hilton: Yes, so you’re correct - we have consciously worked this year to reduce our leverage to create some opportunity or capability to do some additional acquisitions. I think as we’ve talked in the past, the most fertile areas are in the medical device space, and we’ve got a pretty solid pipeline there. I’d say in the cold material area, there are a number of interesting opportunities, timing is not clear. On the plastic side, we pretty much have what we need for the moment, and we continue to look for opportunities on the test and inspection side in the advanced technology area, but we’ve added some nice complements over the next year through acquisition and through marketing arrangements, so we feel pretty good. I would say there are a number of things that we looked at this year that we were actively pursuing, but we’ve walked away when pricing got to a point that it didn’t make sense for us.
Michael Hilton: No, nothing that would be material in the grand scheme of things, either in the quarter or looking forward.
Michael Hilton: So Matt, just a couple of comments. If you go back probably a couple years and compare kind of where we are today from an M&A standpoint versus a couple years, I’d say in general properties are a turn higher maybe in multiples, maybe a turn and a half, and it’s really a function of very low interest rates and, quite frankly, strategics with a lot of cash on the sideline, so number one. Number two in terms of our overall priorities from a capital deployment, they still remain the same, which is number one, support organic growth; number two, continue our dividend increase approach, which we just recently announced and we’re on a good payout range there; number three, offset dilution from our comp programs, which is pretty modest; number four, look for the appropriate M&A vehicles; and then five would be opportunistically look at additional share repurchase. So in terms of the M&A activity, we do have an active pipeline. It’s probably most active in the medical space, as I mentioned, and we’re looking for opportunities there but we’ve said consciously this year, given the acquisitions we made and the aggressive nature of our share buyback opportunistically last year, that we wanted to work down our balance sheet, so we did modest share repurchase in the first fiscal quarter, we didn’t do any in Q2, we didn’t do any in Q3. The first quarter offsets the dilution piece and some for our comp programs, so the priority is still to work down the balance sheet to give us capacity to make some additional acquisitions.
Michael Hilton: Okay, well thank you all for dialing into our call, and I’m available for follow-ups throughout today and the rest of the week. Again, thanks for your interest in Nordson.
Gregory Thaxton: This is Greg. I’d just add to Mike’s comments where we may see some segment mix, we may see some product line mix within the segments as well, that although still good margin would be dilutive to what we delivered in the third quarter. So it’s primarily mix.
Gregory Thaxton: Yes Charlie, this is Greg. Not materially different, but I will say as compared to the prior year third quarter, that mix actually hurt us a little bit, where parts revenue was down from where it was 41% of the mix last year, it was 39% in the current quarter. So not materially different, but would be a slight drag on gross margins.
Gregory Thaxton: Just to comment there, Chris, a way to think about that particularly with adhesives, is often that’s a reason for a customer to upgrade existing lines.
