Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our global team delivered very solid performance this quarter. We generated organic growth of 10% compared to the prior year, with all three segments contributing to the growth. This marks the 11th time in the last 12 quarters that Nordson has delivered organic growth compared to the prior year. Diverse end markets, innovative products, new applications, and the best customer experience are continuing to drive our success. We leveraged the increased volume to drive significant improvement in operating margin and earnings per share compared to the first quarter a year ago. Our ongoing continuous improvement efforts are aiding our results as well. We also continue to generate strong levels of free cash, and we executed on our capital deployment strategy, where we distributed approximately $15 million in dividends and completed one acquisition during the first quarter. Two other acquisitions closed during the first few weeks of this quarter. And, as Jim noted, we are very happy to announce an agreement to acquire Vention Medical's Advanced Technology (sic) [Technologies] business. This transaction gives us real scale among many other benefits in one of their fastest growing and highest performing product line. We'll provide some additional detail on Vention and the other recent transactions later in the call. All four of these deals are aligned with our strategy and should provide excellent opportunities for profitable growth. Looking ahead to our second quarter, we're forecasting solid organic growth at the midpoint of our outlook. This outlook is based on current backlog, order rates, project activity, and in comparison to a very robust quarter of organic growth a year ago. I'll speak more about our outlook, current business trends and our recent acquisitions in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed commentary on our current results, and our second quarter guidance.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Again, I want to thank our team for delivering another strong quarter, where sales and EPS were first quarter records for Nordson. Our second quarter outlook is also very positive and we're forecasting good organic growth, against a very strong period a year ago. We'd now like to spend some time highlighting the three recent acquisitions we have closed since the first of the year, and the agreement we have entered into, to purchase the Advanced Technology business of Vention Medical. A slide deck providing additional detail on these transactions is available on our investor website at nordson.com. We're excited about all of these additions to the portfolio and the profitable growth opportunities we believe they bring. All four will become part of our Advanced Technology segment, further balancing the business around less cyclical end markets. On January 3, we closed on the purchase of the ACE Production Technology (sic) [Technologies. ACE is the U.S.-based manufacturer of selective soldering systems, used in a variety of automotive and industrial electronics assembly applications. ACE technology is highly complementary to Nordson's existing conformal coating and optical inspection solution, and their products are often sold to the same set of customers. On February 16, we announced the purchase of Interselect, a European-based provider of the same-type of technology as ACE. Together these two properties will give us a new platform for growth within the electronics manufacturing space and further diversify our product offering. Combined annual revenue of the two businesses is approximately $12 million, with EBITDA margins in the mid-teen. We expect future performance of these businesses will benefit from volume leverage and operational improvements from the Nordson Business System. Regarding our other recent transaction announcements on Plas-Pak and the Advanced Technology business of Vention Medical, let me turn the call over to Jeff Pembroke, Corporate Vice President within Nordson's Advanced Technology segment.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jeff and Greg. I want to welcome all the employees of ACE, Interselect and Plas-Pak and upon close Vention Medical AT to Nordson. We look forward to growing these great businesses in the months and years ahead. From an overall perspective, Nordson is firing on all cylinders right now. Thanks to the hard work of our team and the value we bring to our customers. We are executing on our growth strategy and the various initiatives we have to drive continuous improvement across the company. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'll just make a couple of comments. The synergy level is relatively modest as this is sort of a fourth pillar to our platform from a medical device standpoint. Obviously there will be some we'd see from the leverage of our procurement capability and then maybe some other cost improvement opportunities. We haven't included any revenue synergies here, although we do think and we have shown in the past that we've been able to demonstrate incremental top-line revenue by cross-selling across our product lines with the relationships that we have with key OEMs. As far as the specifics on the customer side, this is a relatively concentrated group of OEM customers, and what this does for us is give us access to essentially all of the large OEM customers. But at the same time, this business has done a nice job with – through the emerging innovators and it gives us access to the broader part of our product line to some of these emerging innovators. So, that's an interesting opportunity. And then as you said, a lot of the big customers are global and can help translate this business more globally, so we feel pretty good about the position of the business.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say, let's sort of split this up into a couple of buckets. On the electronics side of the business, we're clearly seeing our approach to diversification playing out here. So, yeah, we're seeing good interest from the local mobile guys in China, but we also have more applications that go to in the automobile, electronics space and some of these new additions that we've added give us an even bigger footprint there on that automotive electronics space. But we're also seeing good penetration because of our new products into that wafer related processing, both the deposition through ASYMTEK and the inspection part of the business as well. So kind of what the story we've seen over the last few quarters is continuing there. We do see a lot of interest at least in terms of project activity on the mobile side. Again, at this point in time, you never know which ones of those are really going to come forward. And then if you look at the other part of the business, in our fluid management business, we're seeing solid business in a lot of general industry applications, fluid formulators, as well as activity in the electronics-related space. And then on medical, we're seeing strong opportunities in our medical business, related to our new products and our broadening product line there. So pretty solid activity across the board. Now also, we're up against that point of time where we start to see the business pickup, orders pickup, so we do have as the year goes on, for comps in the business as well.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So on the adhesives side of the business, the parts of the business that supports sort of consumer-related products, food and beverage other consumer related products, like packaging are doing well, our product assembly business is strong. Nonwoven business is a little soft, but that's against a really strong comparison last year. As you look at our polymer area, our dies business has picked up as the extrusion business has started to improve. We are seeing a little softness in the injection molding area, as we see some of the things like the auto business maybe start to slow down from a growth perspective a little bit. But in our melt delivery and our pelletizing business we expect to see this be a solid year, although, maybe a little lumpy, because particularly the pelletizing piece tends to be very project-specific. So, I'd say the business is improving, not quite as robust as we'd like to see, but improving.
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say on the production front, down the road there could be. On the R&D side, I think it's complementary capability, but at this point we haven't factor that in. Jeff, I don't know if you want to comment anymore on that.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So let me make a couple of comments, Charley. So, first of all, we feel like we're getting a lot of capability with this particular acquisition and particularly, as you mentioned in the minimally invasive space, which is probably the highest growth space within the medical device marketplace ,so we like that. That said, across all of our businesses in the medical space, there's still a degree of fragmentation there, there's still a fair bit of work that's done in-house from the OEMs, that trend continues to outsource that. So, we see good organic growth opportunities and we do see opportunities to add additional capability down the road. But obviously, this is a sizable scale play for us and puts us well on the way to getting this business to something that down the road could be a $0.5 billion business for us.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. When you do the sort of point-to-point analysis, you can have a real strong week drop-off, and that's basically what we're seeing. And we think there's some timing around the year-on-year comparisons well, so we had solid orders and sort of in the last week, we had a period of time, where we had some very large orders last year that dropped out of that comparison. So, we feel pretty good about what we see, as I said across the businesses in terms of interest, particularly in the consumer non-durable related space, it was our packaging. As I said, this year the nonwovens area is going to be a little bit of a challenge, because we have such a strong year, last year with a lot of recapitalization, but we feel pretty good about the opportunities and prospects. That said, it's still an uncertain global kind of environment here. And so we feel pretty good about the opportunities that we see.
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I would say, in terms of the margin side, our focus is really on differentiated capability and so everything that we're looking to acquire in this space, whether it's the minimally invasive space that we're talking about here or the other products that we've already acquired, it's around being able to differentiate capabilities, so that you can provide the right solution for customers, create value and get paid for it. So there are other opportunities out there that we continue to look at across all of the product lines within our medical business. I think this is a nice move from a scale perspective. There may be some others out there – there's certainly things that we're interested in, but really not in a point to talk about anything right now. So I'd say there's more opportunity, this is a good move from us from a scale point, but more importantly from the capability that it gives us the market segment that it opens up to us in a big way and the ability to kind of reinforce the broader capability we have with a consistent group of customers.
Michael F. Hilton: As I said, I think, in this particular quarter as you look at the order rates, it's more probably larger project related kind of thing than anything else. What I would say is across the board, the sort of consumer non-durable space looks solid right now and that's why packaging looks solid. There's some good opportunities in the product assembly area that looks solid. Nonwovens is operating at a high level, but it's got a really tough comp last year, we did get a number of significant recapitalization. So, it's got a tough comp there. I'd say our dies businesses are improving. We're starting to see our core components pick up as well as the melt delivery in terms of opportunities out there, palletizing is lumpy, but we think it will be a good year but it's going to lumpy. So I'd say the big project mix is the one thing that's hard to predict and that's the one area that can move things around, that's both in say product assembly and some of the lesser extent nonwovens I mean and some things like palletizing. So, we think the opportunities are good, we've got tough comparables in that business.
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say on the seasonality, yeah, probably a little bit. But if you think about it, we're still going to see the kind of holiday effects that we see in most of our businesses in the first quarter. So, I'd say seasonality wise, there's probably a little improvement. Obviously from a cyclicality standpoint it's part of a specific strategy that we have to try and balance out that segment where we have more cyclicality in the electronics related parts of the business.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say we've not seen any dramatic change associated with the proposed policies that the President has talked about, but for some bigger projects it would take a little longer for those to materialize anyway. I mean, I think when you look at something for example like the auto industry we kind of supported wherever it is. So, they move from place to place, but we generally view that as an opportunity and one of the stronger sort of end markets. But we haven't really seen anything that we could identify as an uptick associated with the proposed policies.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So, I'll just make a couple of high level comments. I mean the overall Vention business was put together through a series of acquisitions, some more focused on, I'd say the service side of the business and some more focused on through the technology side of the business. And the owners in the process decided to split this up into sort of two pieces and as we said, before, we like the position, where you have the opportunity to be a solutions provider to the customer, where you've got differentiated capability and we certainly saw that in the Vention AT business, and that's why we were most interested in that particular business. There will be modest ongoing relationship between the two businesses and contracts to cover that, but it's not significant in terms of the total. So, they operated as fairly independent businesses.
Michael F. Hilton: No, there's some products that go back and forth, it's a very de minimis amount and we'll have agreements in place to address those, but it's not significant. There are – as Jeff had mentioned, there's certain capabilities with each of these sites that are important, and quite frankly the locations are important from medical device, particularly front-end design standpoint. So, we really like the locations that we have and the presence we have in sort of the hot bed (44:55) markets of the medical design space.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So I would say, we're encouraged by the activity that we see in terms of the opportunities. I'd say, we're finally starting to see some of the extrusion in the film part of the business pickup and that shows up most in our dies business, which is looking better. I'd say the injection molding part of the business has been on a strong run, up to about six months to nine months ago, where it's slowed down a little bit and I'd say that part is continuing. So I'd say we expect to see it to be a positive year from a growth perspective, but a lot of these are bigger projects, we're working on them now, they need to come through to have an impact in the year. But I'd say we're encouraged by what we're seeing from an opportunity standpoint, but it's not everything working in concert much like the core Adhesives business, where we've got a couple parts of the business looking pretty attractive and other parts up against tougher comps, and not quite as attractive right now. But again, anything that's really more consumer nondurable related is looking pretty strong and the durable piece is I'd say at a good level, but not strong as we might have seen in parts of last year.
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Thank you, Mike. We're very pleased with the acquisition of Plas-Pak Industries, which we announced on February 1. Plas-Pak expands and diversifies Nordson's offering of single-use dispensing syringes, cartridges and related components. Plas-Pak's recurring revenue model, proprietary technology and low-dollar cost, high value-add selling proposition are complementary and consistent with our existing Nordson EFD product line. Plas-Pak strengthens Nordson EFD's position in select industrial end markets, while providing access to a rapidly growing animal health market and broader exposure to the DIY, pesticide and dental markets. The company has averaged high single-digit annual revenue growth over the last five years and had 2016 revenues of approximately $28 million and EBITDA margins slightly higher than Nordson's 2016 margin. We expect to leverage Nordson's global footprint to accelerate Plas-Pak's growth beyond its current strong presence in North America. And as announced in a press release yesterday, we've entered an agreement to acquire the Advanced Technologies business of Vention Medical, also known as Vention AT. This is a great acquisition for our customers, shareholders and employees. Vention AT is a premium quality highly complementary business that immediately adds significant scale and differentiation to our existing Nordson MEDICAL platform. It also establishes Nordson as a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of minimally invasive interventional delivery devices, balloons, catheters and advanced components for the global medical technology market. This transaction marks a major step forward in realizing our vision to become the premier solution provider of highly engineered, single-use components and delivery devices to leading medical device OEMs and emerging innovators around the world. Vention AT brings many complementary capabilities to our existing Nordson MEDICAL offering, such as complex extrusion, balloon and catheter manufacturing, nitinol forming and other specialty material expertise. They have one of the largest design and development teams in the industry, which provide full service solutions to customers from concept design and prototyping, quality and regulatory support to finish device assembly, supporting some of the most complex and innovative interventional and advanced surgical procedures performed in healthcare today. Vention AT also strengthens and expands our relationships with medical device OEM customers, where we will now be able to provide a broader array of solutions across a wider range of high-growth therapeutic areas, such as cardiovascular, electrophysiology, peripheral vascular, urology and neurovascular among others. Finally, the acquisition clearly aligns with the medical growth strategy we have previously articulated and follows the other successful acquisitions we have made since 2010 to build our current Nordson MEDICAL platform, including Value Plastics, Micromedics, LinkTech Quick Couplings and Avalon Catheters. We see Vention AT as an ideal complement to our current offering, which includes single-use fluid management components, biomaterial delivery devices and high-end cannula and tubing. We estimate the total addressable market for the combination of Nordson MEDICAL and Vention AT to be in excess of $4 billion and growing at a high single-digit low double-digit rate. We expect the Vention AT transaction to close by the end of our second quarter. We look forward to bringing our combined capabilities to the many leading medical device OEM customers we currently share and expanding our reach to new customers. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Greg to address additional financial aspects of these acquisitions.
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Yeah. I would just say on the manufacturing front, one of the things that this acquisition brings us is a new position into complex extrusion, balloon blowing and manufacturing and nitinol forming some other things. So, it's really complementary to what we do today, with some very specialized facilities that they have. So, probably not so much on the manufacturing side. On the design and front end, there are certain aspects of how we design products across the different medical product platforms that we can take advantage of envelope technology from one area and use it in other, so we do think there's some opportunity there.
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Yeah. So, Mike, I think you had it right from that addressable market that we quantified about two-thirds of that would be in the Vention area, really related to minimally invasive interventional delivery devices and those sorts of things. The total outsource market for medical device OEMs is in excess of $40 billion. So, we're only talking about a portion of that, which is really the highly engineered differentiated piece. And, as Mike mentioned earlier in the call, there is additional opportunity that the OEMs continue to do in-house that more and more increasingly is being outsourced. And from a competitor standpoint, Mike mentioned, a couple, that we would see a directly against Vention AT. The market remains fairly fragmented as well with several other competitors out there as well.
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Yeah. So, what you'll find in these types of businesses that are technology based, a lot of the differentiation comes from your ability to manufacture, convert, and design around very specialty materials. And so, the addition of nitinol to Vention's capabilities, nickel, titanium, which is basically a very biocompatible material with shape memory, so it can be used transcatheter. You can shape it, get it through a catheter, arrive at a point and it goes back to its original shape to perform the function that it was meant to perform. So it's a material that is becoming more widely used in medical devices. And so the acquisition that Vention made was a company that has unique ability in forming nitinol into very complex shapes. So we do see that as a significant capability that we could take and expand to other applications and other customers. As it relates to the regulatory and FDA, so Vention would be subject to similar levels of regulatory risk and FDA burden that we experience in some of our current Nordson MEDICAL business today. Vention's liability is limited to the extent, they do not own 510(k) or device registrations. But they're subject to standard medical device quality standards and manufacturing practices, which are audited from time to time by the FDA. However this is common, and something that again we experience today within parts of our Nordson MEDICAL business.
