Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson’s fiscal 2021 fourth quarter and full year conference call. On the heels of 2020, a year marked by the COVID pandemic, I don’t think anyone knew what to expect coming into 2021. We were well positioned having both remained invested in our customer-centric businesses and started deployment of NBS Next growth framework. Our focus remained sharply on protecting the health and safety of our employees, while also meeting the needs of our customers. The successful deployment of NBS Next ensured we were able to fully participate in the accelerated economic recovery experienced in 2021. Our division leaders use strategic discipline to identify and then focus on the best opportunities for profitable growth in their respective businesses. As a result, we surpassed our prior record annual performance in sales by $108 million and an operating profit by $111 million. This new record was achieved through broad-based growth across most end markets and geographies. Fourth quarter was a solid finish to this record year. Sales were in line with our expectations, particularly in light of the timing of the approximate $25 million customer order that had been pulled forward into fiscal third quarter. Looking at the back half of fiscal 2021, we delivered 15% organic sales growth and 36% adjusted profit growth compared to the prior year second half. I will speak more about the businesses in few moments. But first, I will turn the call over to Joe to provide more detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Okay. Great. Thanks, Mike. And what we want to talk a little bit about as we go into the year, we feel really good about first quarter just given the kind of environment that our customers are in and the order patterns we are seeing. So our first quarter is going to be more reflective of the back half of ‘21. And in terms of – if you think about the various end markets, let me start with the electronics. Electronics customer order entry patterns and demand levels are pretty strong. Medical, particularly biopharma and our interventional businesses, the order entry patterns are really strong. If you think about our industrial and consumer non-durable businesses, early part of the year, we feel really good about it based on the backlog we have. But as we look into the back half of the year, we do see those two end markets returning or normalizing to historic levels that we shared at our Investor Day. So that’s – hopefully, that answers the first part of your question, which is – feel really good about the full year guidance, which is going to be at the midpoint, 8% growth on a record year, and that is really underpinning the strong demand patterns in medical electronics and back half, expecting some tapering off in industrial and consumer non-durable. In terms of the backlog, these are historical highs, as you indicated, we do believe these backlog is really forward-dated or extended lead times that we normally don’t have in our businesses. So our customers are asking us or giving us orders or shipments, almost into the second quarter of next year, right, which is normally not the case. Normally, our demand patterns are such that people will ask us if the quarter out, right? And now people are putting their orders to be in line. And there is some amount of back and forth where customers are asking for some things to be shipped out ahead. So that’s why some things get pushed – pulled forward or pushed back but most often, it’s getting pulled forward than anything else. So hopefully, that answers the question, Mike.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. That is very fair, and that’s exactly what we’re seeing. And I won’t add anything more unless Joe you have something else to add to what...
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. I – just historically, think about the medical business as high single digits or electronics, mid-single digits. We are in the early cycle of maybe third wave there on electronics. So you are right. In electronics, we’re going to see some pretty nice growth. That’s what is reflected in our guidance. In medical, we are expecting to have some pretty good return to the high single digits. Biopharma doing well. So if you think about all of that, these are going to be the big growth contributors. But look at the record year on our industrial business and consumer non-durable business in 2021. Our expectation is we do – we carry that strength into the first quarter. The back half of the year, there is going to be some tapering on those businesses, which had double-digit organic growth in consumer non-durable and in industrial businesses. So our expectation is some normalization in the back half for those businesses. But you’re right. There is strength in medical. There is strength in electronics. That’s what we have reflected. And what we are excited about is as you go into the first quarter, we are carrying the momentum of our second half of 2021 into 2022.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Well, we do have industrial systems that still need to get shipped out in the first quarter, too. That’s in the backlog, actually.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Matt, one comment I would add to that is the ordering pattern of our customers are so different and expectation of shipments are so different. So, that’s why you see us sort of changing what was traditionally a normal ordering pattern and a seasonality to our revenues on a quarterly basis. That’s the big difference. The question really is when does – when do you return back to your normal seasonality, it’s a perfectly good question to ask us. I wish I knew the answer to that. I would say, as our customer ordering patterns stabilize or some of these supply constrained questions that customers have in mind when they ease up is when we get to that. We are right now, at best, in the middle of this transition. So, I think at least for this year, we don’t see our typical seasonality for that.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Sure. On pricing, you are right. Our expectations for pricing is going to be higher than our normal price increases that we have got. And the timing of them is also reflective of what we see in our businesses, right. So, in ‘21, we didn’t talk a lot about the price increases that we have already sort of acted on in ‘21 because they were not material in our work to move the needle for the total company. But in general, our view around pricing is that we are in an inflationary period. We need to adjust pricing where we need to adjust pricing. We are cognizant of the fact that we are the price leader in the marketplace. We are adding value. We will get paid for it. So, that’s on pricing up. Now let me have Joe add a little bit more color on the sort of magnitude and such, and then I will come back and answer your acquisition question.
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think, Matt, it’s really important, right. The inflation is 4% or whatever, 4% or 5%. Our material cost tax is lower. So, the price increase we will realize would not be the same 4%, it would be different. Just want to make sure you got it. Yes. On the acquisition question, we feel really good about our pipeline. We continue to have very good conversations. But what comes to market and when a seller is going to act on an opportunity, really, we don’t control, but we are actively pursuing our pipeline as we always do, and – but we would remain financially as well as strategically disciplined. And the areas we really like our test and inspection, medical. And there may be some adjacent call adjacent markets to our core products that if we have an opportunity, we might act on them as well. So acquisition pipeline, healthy, good activity, but what we act on obviously depends on what comes to the market. But you can expect this to remain disciplined.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Well, it is a couple of things, right. One, if you look at industrial CapEx activity as well as GDP activity over the cycle, you can start to expect that ‘23 is going to be a little bit lower than where we have been at, right. So, there is going to be a natural stabilization that goes. And so we expect that to get reflected in our business. That is one. The second is, the comps are going to be really difficult to you. So, think about the IPS business, that grew 15% in the back half. And this is a business historically grew 2% to 3%. And so as you think about year-on-year comps, the back half is going to get tough, right. And you are right. We don’t have visibility to our industrial customers as we – as much as we have in other places. So, that’s kind of where we are at. Hopefully, that – so it’s three things that is going on that sort of informs our process.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. It is just a single R&D project that we were working on with one customer. On a product category, that was – let’s just say a little bit away from where we were and where we see the best opportunities today. Our best opportunities are in biopharma. Without going into specific details of the particular customer and such, this is an R&D project we were working on with an inventor on the outside. And given the kind of robust demand that we have, and a very strategic discipline around where we want to grow this business. This is one that we needed to sort of stop doing and there was a write-off related to that asset.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. That would be great. Thanks, Chris. One of the areas and it’s a good example to share with you that actually sort of dovetails to the question that Jeff just asked us. If you think about our biopharma business, one of the things that – as we deploy Ascend, as our teams use strategic discipline with NBS Next, and really begin to say, what is my market position in biopharma and how big is it, what are my core competencies, how can I continue to grow this, really, this just opened up a whole new opportunity for this team. Certainly, the market environment helped them, but it allows them to really focus on this biopharma part of the business, and grow it. And so what we are doing is as we invest more in biopharma, we continue to get new opportunities with existing customers as well as picking up new customers. And with existing customers, where we were, let’s say, the number two or number three, we are moving up to number two or number one, right. So, that will be a concrete example of how this is happening. And another example I would give you would be in our coatings businesses. In the past, we would take almost every project at an equal weight. But now our teams are able to say, if I have 15 projects or 10 projects in front of me, what is the best growth-oriented project and what is the most profitable project, and have the courage to be able to invest more in the most profitable and most growth-oriented projects, and maybe deemphasize the ones that are not so profitable.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Walter, I mean, we generally don’t break order entry by categories. But my opening comments around where we are seeing strength in order entry is still the same, which is our electronic business order entry is pretty robust, pretty strong. If you think about our medical businesses, they continue to be pretty strong. And going into the first quarter, I would say the order entry for our industrial and consumer nondurable are also pretty solid.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you. Thank you for your time and attention on today’s call. We are well positioned going into fiscal 2022. We remain focused on our long-term objective of delivering top-tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns as we deploy our NBS Next growth framework to prioritize organic and acquisitive growth opportunities while also unleashing an owner mindset within our customer-focused divisions. We wish you a happy holiday season.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I guess I just – when you think about the backlog, Mike, it is largely on the system side with these longer lead times, and there is a direct correlation when you look at our customer advanced payments. So our customer advanced payments year-over-year are also up 84%. So it’s in line with the increase in the order backlog. So we think about the backlog as largely system orders, not necessarily past due items. And we’ve got prepayments on those at that 10% of last year’s backlog and 10% of this year’s backlog.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. So let me address that. I guess, holistically, when we think about the 55.3% gross margin, first of all, that’s gross margins coming off of a 10% organic growth and delivering 52% incremental margins at the OP line. But when you look at the 55.3% compared to where we were run in Q2 and Q3, it is down about 170 basis points. And when you think about that sequential drop, I would tell you, we’re – it’s roughly threefold. There is three relatively evenly split things, one of them being the spike in freight costs. In freight cost, it’s inbound, it’s outbound, but it’s also internal within the Nordson facility. And so we saw this as did the rest of the environment spike in Q4. I can tell you, it spiked above where we had estimated, and it’s starting to subside in the marketplace, already from those elevated levels that we saw in Q4, but we are addressing this with pricing actions in the first half here, of 2022. The other impact I would tell you was the nonrecurring write-off associated with aligning the factory, and that was all in ATS, to answer your specific question around the segments. That factory alignment was in our medical business and so that approximately $2 million impact on gross margins impacted ATS. The freight is felt across both segments. But I would tell you, it’s heavier on the IPS side proportionately. And the remaining – the third factor I would tell you is mix. And so if you look at our gross margins over the history here, we view prior to the screw and barrel divestiture. We were running about 53% to 55% gross margin on any given quarter depending on mix. For the last now three quarters, we’ve been running 55% to 57% based on the new mix post the divestiture of the screw and barrel business. So we – when we give our guidance for 2022, I would tell you, you should think about operating between that 55% and 57% gross margin range depending on mix on any given quarter. But those were the main factors I would tell you in the Q4 gross margin.
Joseph Kelley: That covers it. I mean we are closely monitoring it. And from an inflation perspective, both on the raw material side as well as the labor side, and then it was the logistics side. I would tell you that spiked in Q4 that impacted the margin slightly. I will also add, we see NBS Next efficiencies, helping offset some of this pressure. Efficiencies in terms of labor and conversion costs at several of our pilot sites. And so that has also helped our performance, and we anticipate that to continue to contribute favorably as we go into ‘22.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. Andrew, let me make one then maybe I’ll let Naga say something else. But when you think about our sales guidance for the full year, at the midpoint 8%, there is roughly about a 2% FX headwind that we’re contemplating. And to your point, the acquisitions, net of – don’t forget we have one quarter of the screw a barrel business. So the way that we’re thinking about it is a negative 2% FX headwind. The net acquisition and divestiture is roughly favorable 3%, and then it’s 7% organic growth is what we have.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I would tell you, pretty heavy on the system side. And on the electronics, there are a lot of systems businesses that we sell. But I can’t tell you the split between electronics and medical.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I think our comments around the normal seasonality, as you know, Q4 used to be the strongest. And here, we had Q4, which contributed $25 million of the revenue back into Q3. So, Q4 wasn’t the strongest this year. And therefore – with coming off of Q4 being the strongest, we used to see a big drop into Q1. So, now you are not seeing the big drop. And actually Q1 will be comparable to Q4. And the way we think about then the remaining three quarters, I would tell you, with the current order entry pattern and the customer behavior that we are seeing, I would think about those quarters relatively evenly split as you think about the remaining three quarters of 2022. So, Q1 will still be relatively light compared to the other quarters, but not as dramatically light as it was in the past coming off of a strong Q4.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I guess, again, if you think historically, I would tell you, we would realize approximately probably 1% on price relatively correlated to inflation. And so when you see the elevated inflation numbers that are being reported, that’s how you should think about our response as it relates to pricing. But again, I will go back to Naga’s original comment. When you think about the composition of our cost of goods sold, material costs, the purchase component is not the largest factor. The largest factor is on the labor side. And that as we are generally a light assembly manufacturing operation. But you are correct, the price – the historical way that we view price increases and the historical magnitude is no longer applicable in an environment that we are in right now.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I guess I would repeat some of Naga’s comments, if you think about the strength in the electronics and the medical end market, those are predominantly that we see going out into 2022. We – those are predominantly in the ATS segment. Whereas the industrial and consumer nondurable where we see the growth rate stabilizing in the back half of 2022, that’s predominantly in IPS. So, when you think about the book-to-bill ratio and the movements there as you are quoting, Chris. That’s how it’s going to correlate by segment.
Joseph Kelley: Look, when we look out the range, to your point, Saree, is, plus or minus, I would say, 5%, 4% in terms of earnings guidance. And I think it was mentioned earlier on the call, the COVID is still out there. COVID and the variants, and what that does to the supply chain, what that does to the medical business, I think is a little bit uncertain. And so that contributed, I think to our guidance range the uncertainty around that. And the second is the inflation combined with some of the supply chain challenges that we saw spike in Q4, some of those supply chain challenges have started to mitigate here over the last, I would say, 30 days to 45 days to a degree. But how that handles – is handled going forward, I think will also impact our range. But really, we were pretty specific, I think, in terms of our guidance for Q1, where we do have good visibility where we are saying top line is 15% at the midpoint growth, consistent with what we have delivered over the last two quarters combined. And at the midpoint, the earnings growth in Q1 is at 40%, 50% incremental margins in Q1, consistent with what we just delivered here in Q4. So, we are trying to give, I would say, some clear guidance one quarter out, which is where we have better visibility, and then leaving a little bit broader range for the back half.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. So, let me take those, I guess in reverse order. You are correct. In some of our businesses, we had to go out with pricing actions earlier than at what I will call our fiscal year-end traditional practice given some of the inflation pressures that we were seeing, other businesses stuck with their year-end price increase. And so there will be a little bit of the timing issue, although not material and still hopefully we will be within our 55% to 57% gross margin range. But it will take some time for some of our pricing to take effect here as we rolled into 2022. When you think about the organic growth on the full year of 7%, we don’t break that down specifically. But roughly, when I look at the business and the timing and the price increases, you can probably think that that’s roughly 2% to 3% pricing.
Joseph Kelley: I think the higher end of the EPS range, I think I would tell you is more reliant on being at the high end of the revenue range. The margins throughout the year will fluctuate between that 55% and 57%. As you know, we delivered the last two quarters Q2 and Q3 were averaged 57%, roughly speaking. So, it will depend on product mix. But I think it’s more contingent on the sales than where the margins drop out.
Joseph Kelley: And so from a time – Walter, I guess, going back, I think it was Chris’ question of book-to-bill and what have you. It was really in Q2 that we started to see the ramp-up of last year. So, from a year-over-year comp standpoint, from an order entry rate standpoint, that’s when the year-over-year comps on growth rates start to become more challenging relating to order entry.
