Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First, I want to thank our global team again for their hard work. Our employees delivered a solid first half performance in a challenging economy. Their dedication and commitment to our customers continues to be a competitive advantage for Nordson. In terms of our outlook, as Greg mentioned, we're expecting about 8% organic growth in the third quarter compared to last year. And 24% operating margin at the midpoint of our guidance. This is terrific performance given the state of the global microenvironment. In our comments last quarter, we spoke about a number of large dollar projects involving several customers across multiple lines of business, has shaped our expectations for the second half of 2015. Several of these projects converted to orders during this quarter and will benefit sales in the second half of the year. Relative to previous full-year commentary, a unique application that we expected would translate into a significant order did not materialize. Changes in customer requirements, initiated by the customer during the final stages of the project, resulted in a reduction in the customers' forecasted demand for Nordson equipment. So, while we're not able to give a specific forecast beyond the quarter, further clarity around the scope of these large dollar opportunities leads us to moderate our full year view, such that we anticipate organic growth to be in the mid-single digit range for the year. Again, relative to the weak macroeconomic environment we're operating in, this is strong performance and puts Nordson on pace for another excellent year. In addition to growing the top line, our team remains focused on other strategic priorities, accelerating innovation in both products and process, pursuing acquisitive growth in our prioritized spaces, further optimizing the organization through Nordson's business system and building our bench strength through talent management and development initiatives. Overall, the fundamentals of our business are sound and we expect to continue to driving excellent results for the shareholders over the long term. At this time, let me turn to your questions.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'd tell you, in general, if you look at the injection molding side, still very solid. I'd say if you look at the film side, particularly the high-end films, we're still dealing with the overcapacity situation. I'd say year-on-year, pelletizing is improving, the crayon board (16:50) business is improving relative to tough comps for last year. I'd say the one thing that we are seeing that's limiting, I'd say, U.S. growth in the business in general is the currency is impacting some of the U.S. OEMs from a competitive standpoint. For us, that may just shift the business somewhere else to Europe or Asia. But in the short term, that's having a bit of an impact. But generally, injection is solid and the extrusion is still relatively soft.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. We're very pleased with what we're seeing on the medical side across the three broad product areas that we have nice growth. We expect that business to continue to be a double-digit kind of growth and we're seeing that. So, we can't get our new facility up and running as fast as we can to support that growth.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. What I would say is we work with this customer and other significant customers in a lot of development projects and activities. And in this particular case, we were well down the path of gearing up our manufacturing operations and our engineering and service and support to meet the demand, but they also continued to look for other innovative approaches to meet their same needs. In this particular example, they were able to find another way that for them required less of our equipment. So, it's not a loss to a competitor or anything like that. It's just they found a different way of doing that, discussed where we worked with on other applications and there's some new ones that are coming into to play as well. But it's just – we got pretty far down the path to the point where we were gearing up our manufacturing, engineering and service organization to support it. So, that led us to be pretty confident in that particular project.
Michael F. Hilton: The latter, John. Yeah. It's not – we are very good at moving up and down to support our customers' requirements in all of our businesses. As customers have pushed us to reduce lead times, we've got pretty adept at how we can move up and down. And so, no, there's no significant cost hid here. We just redirect the effort.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'd say most of it is deliverable in 2015. I think we've talked about in the past, there are sometimes in a variety of areas, it could be our coatings business, it could be in product assembly, certainly in the pelletizer business where you have either longer lead times or customers asking you to stage orders. And so, we've got one in particular on the pelletizer side that is probably a next year order just given the scope and size of it.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say, if you look at year-on-year comparisons, they were strong and well above last year I think, as Greg mentioned in his comments, till probably the last couple of weeks. That's not necessarily saying the level of the orders are decreasing. It's just that on a year-on-year comparison, we had a pretty significant step-up in this point last year in the seasonal pattern of our business. And we do expect orders to continue to pick up, albeit against tough comps over the next six weeks to 10 weeks or so. But we do expect across the businesses based on what we see from a project activity that to pick up. But I'd say it's really been the last couple of weeks where timing on some of this has kind of hit the – a little bit tougher comps from last year. But if you kind of looked area under the curve, it's been strong really for the whole year to this point.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay. I'm having a little trouble hearing you, but I think you're asking about sort of the M&A environment, then I would say, we still have a strong project list out there. I think as we've talked before, you can never really control the timing. I think we also indicated there's likely to be sort of more smaller tuck-in product line opportunities this year. I'd say from the environment standpoint, with financing costs as cheap as they are, things still are going for a relative premium, and we know what makes sense for us and we know where we can deliver synergies, and that factors into our analysis of any particular project. That's, obviously, assuming it is across the strategic hurdle that it fits into one of our four priorities. But I'd say it's still a pretty robust marketplace out there from a seller's perspective.
Michael F. Hilton: No. I would say it really comes down to timing. A lot of this is impacted on the systems side by timing of some of the mobile product and market launches and so forth. And so I would say the first quarter was a little stronger than we typically see. I'd say the second quarter was at a reasonably high level, but year-on-year maybe a little softer. If you recall, last year we had a big step-up in the third and fourth quarter in the segment. And we expect to see the third and fourth quarter improve as well. So, no, not a big surprise because we can't always control the timing. Our customers really drive that. What I would say is we have in that segment a number of new products that are coming out. We've talked in the past about our new sort of front-end X-ray system. We got our third order there. We have some new prospects there. And, in general, our X-ray business with the new products are taking off. With Dima in the fold, we're launching our mid-tier product. We've gotten some orders from the sort of local Chinese mobile guys, although they're way down the curve in terms of sophistication relative to the global leaders. So I would say the thing we can't control is sort of the timing. I think we got good activity and development projects with key customers. And then, if you look outside of the systems part of the business, the general EFD-type applications are doing reasonably well and the medical business is going very strong.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So it's kind of a little bit of both. So, obviously, the backlog is very strong because the prior orders through the quarter – for most of the quarter were really strong. So a lot of that business will be delivered in the third quarter. And then, when we look at the project activity across all of the businesses, we see solid project activity, and we expect a number of those things to come through, so we expect orders to pick up. We do have a challenging comp. We are expecting the second half of the year to exceed what we expect – what we saw last year even on that challenging comp. So I think our project activity is something that impacts probably later Q3 and Q4, and the big backlog we have, a lot of which will be delivered in Q3, gives us confidence in the Q3 expectations.
Michael F. Hilton: I don't think we really want to kind of pinpoint that. But, from time-to-time, we have this across each of our businesses where we could have large projects that have an impact and sometimes that distorts things locally. But it's customer that we have continuing other projects with, we have new application work that we're doing with them. This was a sizable project that just didn't go through at the last minute.
Michael F. Hilton: I would say that project is a significant part of that adjustment. I think if we look at the rest of the businesses and look at the geographies around the globe, we feel pretty good about where we're at. Particularly given a soft start to the year, I think if you look at where China is and what they're trying to do in general, we're starting to see things pick up there, geographically. So I would say that was a significant part of where we thought we're going to be for the year. And everything else looks pretty reasonable and even some of the areas that geographically you might be concerned about, like where China was early in the year, that's picking up. And Europe is looking more encouraging. The U.S., we'll have to see, this first quarter was just an anomaly, but we do expect things to pick up there as well.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say – if you look around Asia and if you look at Japan, for example, we had a solid quarter this quarter. But from an order standpoint, it's a little bit softer. And it's a mix across businesses, and we do expect that to pick up and close out the year stronger. I'd say, similarly, if you'll look at Asia-Pacific, it's some mix of mobile business, some mix of other parts of our business like, for example, in China, things like beer and beverage packaging business is pretty soft, but starting to pick up again. So, I'd say China, in general, is probably the one area that was off to a softer start this year that now has really started to pick back up, and obviously there's a lot of activity at the government level to help to continue to drive the growth in that economy. And we see that picking up throughout the rest of the year.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I don't know that we want to call that out either, John. We're not trying to be mysterious here. It's just that with a lot of our larger customers, we do a lot of things under confidentiality agreements. And I don't necessarily want to disclose that from both a customer and a competitor standpoint. So, I'd rather not comment.
Michael F. Hilton: No. I wouldn't say that – as we called out sort of two years ago when we're working on a whole new sort of platform, the back – the front-end X-ray machines for the semiconductor side that was kind of a unique whole new market. This would fall under the category of our continuous development work with customers. So, I wouldn't – what we've developed is not something we can't use with them or others – other places. So, it's not kind of a unique new platform that we're trying to develop like the automated X-ray machine for solder bumps and TSV.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. John, just another couple of comments. So, this would have been more of a standard type product solution for us, which is the good news. And just getting back to your comment earlier on the costs that we may have occurred, as you likely know, for us, these volumes and meeting the demands of our customers are often just us putting more temporary labor in the factory to meet that demand. So, it's not that we incurred a lot of additional costs throughout the organization that we're going to be burdened with.
Michael F. Hilton: So, that's pretty significant for 17% – I think, 17% would've been 19%, if not for the currency. So, that's pretty significant. From time-to-time, we do have mix, but I think far outweighed – the currency far outweighed anything in that.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yeah. This is Greg here. As you mentioned, both quarters were reasonably strong for that segment order growth rates. And the last quarter did have some project activity as well in those order rates that were going to benefit the second half of the year.
Gregory A. Thaxton: So the order rates that we're seeing around 8%, and then obviously, that factors in to our overall outlook, and the midpoint of our outlook was also around 8%. So that's a significant contributor to it. The one order that – there's a one large pelletizer order that we said was it going to be in longer lead time that's going to fall into early next year. So, that is – part of that 8% that won't necessarily come in in third or fourth quarter, but the business in general looks pretty solid there. And we're expecting solid growth in the third quarter, and some of the areas geographically that were a little slower to start have picked up.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And this is Greg. Just to add another comment. Some of this relates to the timing of orders and specifically in our Advanced Technology segment where there's a large customer base in Asia-Pacific. If you go back to last quarter within Asia-Pacific, we were showing order growth of 46%, and this quarter, we're down 15%. A portion of that is the timing of when we're receiving some of those orders, combined with, as Mike mentioned earlier, we are reaching a point of more challenging comp. So, I think if you look over the last couple of quarters at how we're doing within Asia-Pacific, they kind of tie to Mike's comments.
