Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson’s fiscal 2022 fourth quarter and full year conference call.  As I reflect on the past few years and in particular 2022, the Nordson team managed through supply chain constraints, inflation at a 40-year high, increasing currency pressures, labor challenges, and COVID-19 shutdowns, and yet we have achieved a second consecutive year of record results in fiscal 2022. I want to thank our incredible employees who have remained focused on our customers and successfully leveraged our NBS Next growth framework to prioritize their time, efforts and resources on the best growth opportunities during the year. We finished 2022 with a strong fourth quarter performance and carry momentum into 2023 related to the holistic deployment of NBS Next and our Ascend strategy. This is critical as we enter 2023. The environment will likely be as full of macro changes and challenges as the last two years.  I’ll speak more to this in a few moments, but I will now turn the call over to Joe to provide more detailed perspectives on our financial results for this quarter and fiscal 2022.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, thank you Matt. A couple of things. Let’s go by our major end markets. If you think about ATS, the backlog is pretty strong going into Q1 and first half. For the full year, we expect single digit organic growth for the year. Both T&I--you know, both our test and inspection and our dispense business are expected to grow in the year. If you look at our industrial business, or IPS, end markets remain solid. A couple of our system businesses are expected to deliver and are expected to grow double digits, while our consumer non-durables are expected to sustain their current record levels. If you think about MFS, our forecast is again this segment is also expected to grow in single digits. What you see is our interventional components, the medical fluid components, if you think about the interventional side, which is our balloons and catheters, this business is returning back to pre-COVID levels of high single digit growth. Our fluid components, which is approximately 20% of this business, had a great two years of double-digit growth, and what we understand, and we watch this end market with some caution as some of our customers have built up some excess inventory, but important to remember this is 20% of our MFS segment. Hopefully that gives you some color, and this is what is embedded in our guidance for the quarter and the year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Joe, let me take the question around our acquisition pipeline. Maybe just as a reminder, Matt, we have clear strategic and financial criteria when we look at acquisition ideas and when we consummate deals, and just as a reminder, the strategic criteria really are we’re looking for differentiated position technologies, we are looking for businesses that serve markets with high growth rates, certainly looking for businesses that have a customer-centric business model. On the financial side, we certainly look for businesses that have attractive growth rates and with Nordson-like gross margins, EBITDA margins around 20% with a clear path with expansion opportunities and an ROIC that is ahead of our cost of capital in five to seven years. That’s really sort of our--that’s what informs what deals we pursue and what we consummate finally.  Our focus still remains on scaling our medical and test and inspection platforms. We certainly will look at adjacent position technologies if they meet our strategic and financial criteria.  Having provided you that background, our pipeline is pretty healthy. We are pursuing a number of different opportunities. Certainly we’ll act on them thoughtfully based on our strategic and financial criteria - that’s really important to remember.  We are confident in our ability to deliver on $500 million of acquisitions, which is an important part of us reaching the $3 billion target we set for ourselves in 2021. Again, another reminder, we have acquired about $210 million worth of acquisitions towards that $500 million already, right - we did NDC, CyberOptics and Fluortek, and all of that gives us about $210 million. One other thing I would comment, through what we have done thus far, we have now been opened to many types of deals - for example, CyberOptics was a public company deal, NDC was a carve-out from a public company in Europe, so we feel good about our pipeline. We will remain strategically and financially diligent and disciplined.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, if you think about our Q4 contribution and the full year contribution, it was fairly broad-based, all our business lines across all the three segments, and the same can be said for our geographies, so historic two years [indiscernible] organic growth going into [indiscernible].  As Joe said, we have good backlog, and we talked about by those different end markets, so in general we feel very strongly about first half, we have good visibility. I think second half, the best way I would tell you is our assumptions are it is a flat kind of organic growth, is really what we are assuming. Remember, this is flat on historic revenues in second half of 2022.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think the way to think about this, our test and inspection business continues to have strong momentum coming into the year, and as we can see it, we feel good about our test and inspection business. We do see some moderation or book to bill that is unfavorable in our dispense side of the business, which has a portion of it is consumer-related, not all of it, because there is still semiconductor. But overall, we feel good that both these product lines will grow in the year and ATS as a segment would have single digit growth in the year, so feel good about that. First half, really good visibility, second half is a flattish kind of assumption. In terms of China regulation, Jeff, is one of the questions you asked, we don’t see any significant impact that we know of today, so we don’t really see that.  I know you had another piece there, Jeff, that I may have missed, if I didn’t answer all of yours.
Sundaram Nagarajan: One thing to add to our pricing effectiveness, there are a couple of things to remember. The gross margins are over 50%, right, that is because we create value for our customers, and this value allows us to get paid for any cost increases that we have, so we’ve been very prudent in managing the cost increases. But you’ve got to remember, we create value and we get paid for it. The second thing I would tell you, from our customers’ point of view, our cost structure in their total cost stack is a fairly small number, so we are a low cost component creating incredible value and critical value, and that allows us to continue to be effective along price increases. But you know, we certainly want to protect our customer relationships and we’re being prudent, and that’s what you’re going to see us do in this environment that we are experiencing.
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think the way to think about our range is that, first as Joe indicated and reiterated, we are very comfortable because of the visibility we have and because of the system orders we have. There is a split between the first quarter and the second quarter given Chinese New Year timing as well as systems shipments. But second half, Connor, we are assuming flattish growth on some very historic record revenue levels that we were running in ’22. We expect all of our segments to grow in the year, albeit single digits, so. The two end markets we are watching that we’ve talked about is our biopharma fluid components, which is 20% of our MFS segment, it’s a small part of our MFS segment. That is where we have customer inventory is fairly high, from what we understand, so we’ll watch that one. The other one that I indicated was our dispense business in the ATS segment, which has had some incredible growth here in the past two years. What you see--you know, coming into the quarter, there was some unfavorable book to bill trends there, so we’re watching that, so those would be the two we would be watching. Our industrial businesses seem to be remaining pretty solid, our system industrial businesses are actually growing very nicely. Our medical business is back to pre-COVID levels, which is our medical interventional business, I should say, so. Hopefully that gives you some more color.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think that is a business--if you remember, a number of years, a few years ago, we had exited our [indiscernible] barrels business but we kept some parts of the business that we really liked which had some long term trends, and so--and certainly we’ve had to address a number of cost structure issues in that business over the period of time. I have a great leadership team that’s taken us through that and has positioned the business to go after the best growth opportunities there, and so all that work has resulted in a pretty nice growth rate.  Again, this is a business that we liked. There were parts of the business we liked and there were parts we did not like, but I think we’re in a place where this is a good business and it is growing nicely for us. I wouldn’t say this is our biggest strategic part of the company [indiscernible] medical growth and test and inspection growth, but it is a solid part of our portfolio. We really appreciate what the team has done in this part of the business to really reposition the business, and now it is growing.
Sundaram Nagarajan: I would say a couple of things. There is certainly this whole trend around recycling, it’s a trend that is certainly benefiting this business. What we also see is in some parts of the business, there is some specialty film that is used in EV battery manufacturing that they have a pretty good customer base.  Again, these are all small opportunities, Chris. I don’t want to make it to be significant, but it really has pretty nice momentum in these two areas and the team is doing--and there is some bio plastic materials also that the team is working on, so. Again, singles and doubles is the way you want to think about [indiscernible]. I think the bigger takeaway should be the company is, you know, with some incredible leadership from our teams, reposition [indiscernible] better place and growing.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, that business is--you know, it’s actually one of our most diversified applications. Quite frankly, [indiscernible] fluid dispensing applications to electronics dispensing applications to life sciences. That business wins with applications, so it’s pretty diversified. [Indiscernible] GDP kind of growth is what it typically does, maybe a little bit more if the electronics cycle is going strong for them. It’s a good business but a growing part of it is also life sciences.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you for your time and attention on today’s call. Our core capabilities combined with the NBS Next growth framework positions us well for a dynamic environment. This was evidenced in 2022 and we expect it to position us well for fiscal 2023 as well. We remain focused on achieving our long term objective of delivering top tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns.  We wish you a happy holiday season. 
Joe Kelley: Yes, I’d just add, as we said, as it trended throughout the year, we saw strong performance in ’21, ’22 - most of the quarters, we were running with a favorable book to bill, and in Q4 some of that started to moderate. The book to bill was slightly unfavorable. 
Joe Kelley: Maybe Naga, I’ll handle the first part of that and you can take the second.  As it relates to CyberOptics, we are very pleased, everything is on track. Just a reminder, it’s about a $100 million business, we’re integrating it into our test and inspection division. We paid about 18.5 times EBITDA and as we execute synergies over the next year or so, we’re going to take that to roughly 14.5 times EBITDA. Everything that we’ve got in CyberOptics is what we expected and we’re very pleased with it, and that’s--. As it relates specifically to our guidance, what it will be, when you look at our full year guidance, the assumption is that that is slightly accretive for the full year.
Joe Kelley: Sure, maybe again, Naga, I’ll take the front half of that. Mike, if you think about our full year guide, basically the midpoint is 4% sales growth and flat earnings on the full year. The simple way to think about this is acquisitions are roughly 4%, so the organic growth is probably 2% to 3%, and this is offset by our assumption around unfavorable currency impacts. The organic growth is coming in at incremental margins of 40% to 45%. The CyberOptics acquisition, as I mentioned before, is slightly accretive, but what’s embedded in the earnings guidance is there’s a currency headwind of about 3%, so when you think about 1% in sales of currency headwind, it translates to roughly 1.3 to 1.5 headwind on the earnings line. Interest expense is driving an increase given the change in interest rates, plus this year we did benefit from some foreign currency hedge gains, so those are not forecasted to repeat, so that’s about a $0.20 headwind or 2% headwind to earnings. That’s the full year, kind of what we’re thinking about. To your question on timing, we feel pretty good about our visibility into the first half of the year. We’re entering with a billion-dollar backlog, so we see organic growth in the first half of the year of about 4% to 5% - this is following two consecutive years of double-digit organic growth. But when we look at the second half, our guidance assumes that the organic growth is actually relatively flat at the midpoint, and so--and that’s just given our visibility. We have good visibility to the first half, I would tell you, given some of our backlog in systems orders, and limited visibility to the second half.  When you think about the first half, it’s actually not evenly split between Q1 and Q2. Your have Chinese New Year last year fell in Q2; this year, it falls into Q1, plus as you know, our systems business has grown nicely and so with that backlog, when we look at the scheduled customer system delivery dates, Q2 will be much stronger than Q3. That’s kind of how we’re thinking about it. When you think about FX, the FX headwind is going to be heavier in Q1 and Q2 at about 4% to 5% unfavorable on sales, where that will moderate to be relatively neutral in the back half provided we stay at forecasted exchange rates.  Hopefully that helps.
Joe Kelley: That’s a fair interpretation, yes. The FX is a heavier impact in the first half then the second half, just given the way exchange rates have moved. That’s a fair interpretation.
Joe Kelley: Yes Mike, so the reference there is to our MFS segment, which saw--you know, in the quarter had nice 15% growth and the operating profit grew, but it was negatively impacted, I would tell you, by approximately probably $5 million due to some manufacturing inefficiencies. This again was tied to the consolidation of the factories Q3, and so as we look into 2023, that factory as it ramps up to targeted efficiency levels and production levels, that will start to mitigate as we move throughout, I would tell you, the first half of ’23.
Joe Kelley: Yes Allison, I would tell you Q4, particularly on the systems side, came in stronger than anticipated, and so there was a portion of that which you could contribute to timing, perhaps getting pulled into Q4 as opposed to Q1, so that does contribute a little bit to our guidance in Q1.
Joe Kelley: Yes Jeff, maybe I’ll take the interest expense first. I would think about that going from roughly $20 million to $40 million based on the interest rate movements and our average powering balances ’22 to ’23. As it relates to our guide in terms of the sales range, again I just would go back and share that we have pretty good visibility into Q1 and Q2, and so the first half, the organic growth for the first half is 4% to 5%. You can think about acquisitions as a 4% favorable, and then FX is 4% to 5% unfavorable in the first half. When we go to the back half, it’s really relatively flat - organic sales 4%, acquisition, and then FX starts to moderate and is maybe flat to negative 1%.  Then as it relates to the range, I would tell you that--you know, appreciate roughly 50% systems and 50% parts and consumables, and we have pretty good visibility on the systems side. The parts and consumables again is a shorter book and ship time frame, and so we’re just looking at our order entry and monitoring that and being--you know, putting a range particularly on the back half, and so as you see our Q1 guidance is relatively tight and, to your point on the earnings, the interest expense will be a headwind to earnings in Q1 particularly.
Joe Kelley: Yes, so if you think about it, our price, we exited Q4 with roughly 4% realization in price, so as you can appreciate, that impact grew throughout 2022 as we realized inflation and then we took pricing actions to pass that inflation through. As a reminder, our stated strategy was to pass through the inflation, not the inflation plus 55% gross margins, and we were effective on that. It had a diluted impact on the percentage but we were effective. To your point, we’re carrying into Q1, so part of the first half growth, organic growth of 4% to 5%, you can probably think about that as roughly split - half would be pricing given the timing of price realization last year, and half of that would be volume. Then as you can appreciate, as you get then to the back half of next year, the pricing impact on a year-over-year basis will be less simply because we had realized more throughout the year as we experienced the inflation. All that said, we clearly remain in a dynamic environment and responsive. As the cost pressures and inflation change throughout the year, we will be responsive, and again we’re targeting and we’ve been successful in maintaining incremental operating profit margins of 40% to 45% on the organic growth - we delivered that in Q3 at 43, we delivered that for the full year at 55%, which was actually ahead of our target, so that’s how we think about it and, to your point, we’ll continue to manage that.
