Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Again, I’d like to express my appreciation to our outstanding global team for helping deliver record second quarter results. Organic growth in 2017 was exceptionally strong, which means we are up against challenging comparisons during 2018, particularly in the Advanced Technology segment. We do however expect to generate total Company organic sales growth in the low single digits on a full-year basis for fiscal 2018. Our team is committed to leveraging the tools within the Nordson business system to drive operating efficiencies and bottom line results, while delivering the best technology solutions and customer service experience. Our capital deployment objectives remain consistent and we continue to target high-quality opportunities in the marketplace that will help drive our strategic vision for the long-term growth. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Mike Hilton: I would say, the second quarter was certainly pretty consistent with our expectations. And I’d say, when we look at current business, we’re not seeing any particular change in tone from our customers.
Mike Hilton: Yes. We expect to see organic growth in Adhesive segment in Q3. I think as we’ve talked about in the past, the headwinds were really up against or around the mobile electronics dispense piece and some platform work and the automobile segment. Beyond that, the rest of the business was solid and we expect, as we mentioned, to see solid growth in those businesses -- product lines.
Mike Hilton: Yes, Jeff. So, if you look at the current backlog, we do have some larger projects, some of which will get delivered in the fourth quarter. I’d say at this point, order rates are kind of flattish to last year. The biggest challenge again is in the electronic dispense piece which we saw dramatic increase in orders last Q3. And so, as we look at this year, the guidance we’re putting out there reflects view that we’re not going to be able to operate in that particular product line at the same level that we saw last year. And that’s really what’s covering our expectations for the third quarter.
Mike Hilton: I’d say, from an operating rate standpoint which affects some of our parts business and so forth, that continues to be solid. But the platform piece is really model changeover related. And we’ve seen that slow down if you look at the overall global statistics from the automakers. Last year was a little softer than year before, and this year is little softer yet. So, platform work generates larger business, and that’s the comp that we’re up against in that particular business. If you look at the other parts of the Industrial Coating business, we’re seeing some nice growth there.
Mike Hilton: Yes. We expect to see solid growth in the medical business in the second half of the year, sort of high single digit kind of growth in that business, really along the lines of what we factored. All the different parts of that business are performing well and we’re very pleased with what we see in that business.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, let me comment. If you recall on that business, we’re going from three facilities to one in the U.S. in our core components part of that business. Right now, we have four facilities operating as we do the transition. That will continue to throughout the year. And in Europe, we’re going from two to one. So, those are really the facts that we’re operating more facilities than we expect in the long run of contributing to those sort of duplicate parts. And as part of that we’ve been investing in new technology to improve efficiency. So, the duplicate costs should go away in 2018, which should be finished by the end of I’d say, the calendar year, here this year. And then, we would expect to see over time efficiencies. Obviously, that’s a function of volume loading as well, but we expect to see improved efficiencies over time in that business.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I’d say, in the various product lines on the plastic side, we’re seeing solid order intake and expectations of growth for the remainder of the year. I’d say, the encouraging sign is that the OEMs are ordering a variety of different end markets that we support. And then, in our core adhesives business, I’d say, we’re seeing solid growth in our packaging area and some improvements in our product assembly and non-wovens we expect to be up for the year but that can vary quarter-to-quarter just based on projects.
Mike Hilton: Yes. Just a couple of comments there, Charlie. I’d say, the area where we are seeing some pushes in the metal side, we have some protection with our agreements and a strong sourcing strategy there. So, I’d say, it’s not really translated into any significant effect at this point. And we think we’ll be able to manage that through our sourcing activities as well as any pricing we can pass on there. So, I don’t see that as a big issue. I’d say, the other part of our cost deck is around labor, and we’re seeing increases there. But that’s a focus of our continuous improvement activity as to help offset those. So nothing I’d say out of the ordinary at the moment.
Mike Hilton: It’s about half and half at this point. Over time, as things like the medical business grow with the single use components that probably will stay or grow a little bit above that, but right it’s about half and half.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, we have had a lot of success with new product development. And quite frankly, that’s a critical focus for us in the long run. So, across all of our product lines, we’re introducing new products, and I’d say we’re getting good traction on those. While this has been a more challenging year from the expense side in the electronics business, we’ve seen nice growth in our inspection business as a result of strong new products. We’re seeing nice growth in our tiering strategy continuing in our adhesives business, including probably 100 or so new customers on a lower tier that we haven’t served before. And we’re seeing some new product introductions in our coatings business, and really taking advantage of some new applications, for example electric battery which should continue to grow in the long run. It’s a nice contributor right now. It’s not going to be huge, but it’s a nice contributor and related to products that fit specifically certain applications across the electric battery. So, I’d say, continues to be the lifeblood of the business. We’re continuing to focus on driving new products. And quite frankly in the long run that’s why we’re going to grow at a multiple something like 2 times global GDP, because we can create new products and get into new markets and new applications. That combination is what helps us grow above GDP in the long run.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say, certainly the mix of products across the various product lines was favorable. And we did get a benefit from the currency as well.
Mike Hilton: Well, certainly year-on-year that cost should go away. So, there should be a step up. But over time, we should see continued improvement in margin in those product lines as we’ve consolidated, not only consolidated but updated the equipment through automation. So, it’ll be a combination both, as it plays out over time.
Mike Hilton: I’d say, number one, we do everything we can to continue to support our organic growth. So, that’s not going to change and our dividend approach is not going to change. From an M&A standpoint, we are focused in the short-term with creating more capacity for potential opportunities down the road. So, we have been focused on reducing the debt-to-EBITDA levels and we’ll continue to do that in the near term. I think, longer term, it really depends on timing and how the acquisition pipeline plays out. We have got some good opportunities. As you know, we can never fully predict when they are going to come to fruition. But right now, our near-term focus is on reducing the debt level.
Mike Hilton: I’d say, not in the near-term. I think, the challenge has been for us as we have to operate more facilities than we like in a transition because it’s a largely an engineer to order business. And so, we can’t really build inventory to accelerate that. So, we’ve been moving products equipment in a stepwise fashion as we load up the new facility. So, that’s really translated into the more operating costs than we would have in some other businesses where we can build inventory.
Mike Hilton: Well, we made four large acquisitions last year and a couple of smaller ones this year. And so, the focus really has been moving from a 3 plus level down to 2 or so. But we do have a solid pipeline. And we want to make sure that we’re not constrained in any way should the opportunities come forward. So in the near-term that’s not a forever comment; that’s in the near term that still our focus.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say, obviously certain customers in certain countries are well aware of the dialogue that’s going back and forth. I would say, they are being vigilant, but I don’t think it’s having an impact on any decisions they are making in the near term. So, we are not necessarily seeing any project delays or anything like that as a result of the discussions. Now, we’re pretty balanced around the globe in terms of our manufacturing footprint or ability to supply. So, that’ll be helpful for us going forward. But, in the near term, we are not hearing customers putting off projects as a result of concerns in that regard.
Mike Hilton: So, last year was a very strong year for the mobile handset market and in particular, there was a lot of new phones introduced and a fair bit of innovation. This year what we’re seeing is a little bit more incremental approach a little bit less innovation, and that’s having an impact on that. I don’t think there is any issues related to politics or anything like that. It’s really just the function of demand. And overall growth in the smartphone area has moderated a little bit. So, a combination of not a lot a new and some moderation in growth is making a little bit more challenging year for us, particularly on the expense side for the mobile handset market. Nothing politically related there.
Mike Hilton: Well, I’d say, the investment has largely -- in China has largely been in the backend packaging side, which is helpful for us. As far as the semiconductor side, there is certainly a lot of government support for additional investment. But that’s not necessarily leading the way as it relates to opportunities for us. The opportunities for us in semi side are in very advanced dispense and very advanced inspections. I’d say in the inspection side, we’ve seen pretty solid growth. I’d say, on the dispense side, some of the newer technology, we have additional interest in that, but hasn’t necessarily come to fruition yet in the last quarter or so.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, I’d say, Vention is meeting our expectations. I’d say, on the cross-selling side, we’re seeing some uplift there. What we did is we organized our overall medical business into a one Nordson platform and really integrated the other components of our business into the Vention structure where there’s a design and development piece, a components -- proprietary components piece and a very focused finished device piece that includes the prior too. And we like that structure going forward. And we think that gets us closest to the critical customers that drive growth in that business. So, I would say, we feel good about the direction that that’s heading. We feel good about the integration, we feel good about one -- the one Nordson medical approach now with the capability that we have.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I’d say, there are still some project efforts ongoing. I would say, it feels clearly like a talk here though where there’s less innovation going in. And in the third quarter, particularly last year, we had a huge step-up on the dispense side. And I think, what we’re saying is we don’t see that kind of step up. And that’s really challenge in the third quarter, and quite frankly, the biggest challenge for the whole year. Now, if you look at some of the say the inspection side, we’ve got a more diverse end markets. And we’re seeing a lot of good growth in that part of the business, including areas like auto electronics, which have been fairly strong for us. So, it really comes down to a very significant step-up last year in the third quarter that we’re trying to offset with all the other businesses and that’s a challenge in the quarter. And quite frankly, it’s pressure on the whole year.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I think, if you put it in the perspective for the whole year, we said we expected organically to see sort of that low single digit growth. I think, if you look at the two areas that we called out, sort of spend side for mobile electronics and the auto platform work outside of that and everything else has grown mid single digit plus. So, it’s really the drag associated with those two as a function and particularly largely the electronics dispense piece in a year where there is less customer innovations, so less opportunity for us. So, the other businesses, we expect to have a very solid year.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, I think if you look at just the Advanced Tech segment, the mobile piece could have been close to on the expense side, it’s probably in that sort of 20% range or so. And the auto piece was probably about 20% of the coatings business. So, both of those will see decline this year that will be sort of double digit decline.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. And thank you all for participating in today’s call. The bottom line, I think our core business is strong. We’ll continue to grow. And we have some strategic acquisitions that we’ve made that we’re pleased with. And we have some opportunities going forward to increase both our organic growth and our acquisition growth consistent with sort of our long-term objectives. So, again, thank you to our global team for staying focused in delivering this quarter and into the future. Thank you.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, this is Greg. What I’d suggest is, with the investment we’ve made in technology, we’re actually trying to move it in the more positive direction, in more efficient manufacturing environment, better first paste quality, less touch, so actually providing capacity.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. This is Greg. No, we didn’t provide any guidance for expected onetime cost in the quarter. We did comment on the duplicate cost which is going to be part of the results, but did not guide to any onetime type of charges in the quarter. If we have them, I wouldn’t expect them to be significant.
Greg Thaxton: Correct. We will not have any more inventory step-up for those acquisition related. If there would be any other one-time like restructuring, I wouldn’t expect it to be material, the timing of when those kind of activities hit is unknown. So, there is -- there are no charges in our guidance for EPS related to restructuring. But, again, we’re past the acquisition related charges. We’ve also anniversaried the Vention acquisition. So, we don’t have the incremental intangible asset amortization expense over the prior year, going forward. But, as I mentioned, we do have the duplicate cost associated with the facility consolidation in the numbers and that charges in the EPS guidance.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, this is Greg. I guess, what I’d suggest is for the base business, so we’ve got the Sonoscan acquisition that’s incremental that is not going to carry the kind of margins the base Nordson business does. It’s got some non-cash charges for purchase accounting that burden those results. If you then take the base business and look at kind of model the just like we have the incremental on the upside, we’re going to have that same kind of decremental on the down side, impacting our margins. So, I don’t know that I’d say it’s outsized from what we typically incurred historically.
