Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson’s fiscal 2022 third quarter conference call.  Before we begin, I’d like to congratulate the Nordson team for delivering another record third quarter. As you may recall, we reported record sales and profitability in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. The fact that the team delivered above this result is a true testament to our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, effective deployment of the NBS Next growth framework, and the dedicated Nordson employees who are driving our strong profitable growth. I’ll speak more about the business in a few moments, but first, I’ll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Allison, we missed the earlier part of the question. If you don’t mind, could you repeat it? Maybe I missed it.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure. In general, as we indicated and our results show, it was a very broad-based demand environment that we are experiencing today, and points of strength, as we indicated, electronics, medical. We also saw some really good strength and solid order entry, as well as revenue profiles in our industrial businesses, and our consumer-facing businesses in North America were particularly strong as well.  As you think about orders, our comps are beginning to get difficult, right? If anything, that’s probably what you would see, but in general very solid in electronics, very solid in medical, pretty good strength in industrial, so.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. If you think about our electronics business, and we’ve talked about this now for some time here, our electronics dispense business as such has gotten more broader and more diverse in the applications, as well as test and inspection is less volatile when compared to dispense and hence what you find really is less cyclical than before, but it is still a tech-facing business, it still has some cyclicality, might be amplitude of the cycles being muted is our expectation. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: I’d add one more thing on CyberOptics, and it is an important piece of why we have decided to go this route, is that the technology of CyberOptics is exceptional in our mind, and we intend to continue to invest in this technology to meet emerging customer needs. And so yes, we have the synergies, but it’s also equally important to remember that this is the reason we acquired CyberOptics, is really to invest in the technology and support the growth that they have experienced, which is incredibly good compared to their peers. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, there are a number of other opportunities out there that we continue to evaluate, so the opportunity pipeline looks pretty good. But in terms of this area, traditionally we have spent most of our time in the back end of the semiconductor manufacturing and also we’ve spent more time in components, as well as PCBs. What CyberOptics brings us is more exposure to the front end where we have limited opportunities, and so the front to middle part of semiconductor manufacturing still is an area where Nordson’s capabilities align yet our presence is limited, so we do see opportunities there. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: If you think about our industrial coatings business, this is just one of those businesses where we have pretty--we have customers placing orders much into 2023, right, and so really we find--and it’s not only our industrial but they’re also consumer-facing, for example our container coating business is doing really well and the backlog is pretty strong as we look forward into 2023, we see some pretty good strength. Similarly what you’re--on a broader basis, this is a trend that has been talked about but continues to emerge, which we see some strength in the U.S., is that as our customers think about supply chain constraints and as they begin to re-shore manufacturing to more regional places, we do see opportunities for our industrial businesses to continue to have strength and opportunities to grow.  You know, our newly acquired NDC Technologies, which we call it as the mission control systems business within Nordson, is also seeing some pretty good strength. Here, just as a reminder, what we manufacture here are sensors or sensing technologies that go on automated lines of manufacturing, so if you’re in the food and beverage industry, our sensors detect and ensure that the chip, for example, has the right crispness, and if you are in a film cast line, it measures the thickness of the film to make sure that high quality film is produced.  Again, our sensor technologies aiding automation, another secular trend that we are very excited, that positions Nordson to continue to grow. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. If you think about our OEM consumer-facing businesses, especially in our adhesive business, we have new applications that we’re very excited about. In electric vehicles, we’re starting to gain some traction there. Electric vehicle battery manufacturing is not completely solidified yet, but the number of emerging applications that are very beneficial to Nordson’s hot melt adhesive and other technologies, so very excited about that. On consumer packaging, interestingly enough, in North America our businesses continue to have pretty good strength. In Europe as well, we seem to have good strength, but in Europe it gets muted by the currency headwinds that we are facing right now.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, so let me take the electronics question first and then we’ll talk about that.  In terms of electronics, what you’re beginning to find is that based on what we see with our customers, our sales model, which is a direct sales model so we have direct interactions with our--customers don’t have distributors in between, the order entry still looks pretty solid and still continues to be robust for our teams, both in the dispense side of the business as well as in test and inspection.  The thing to remember is something that has changed about electronics and digital businesses is that now electronics is just not limited to consumer goods, right? Electronics is much broader, a bigger part--a significantly bigger part of how people conduct business. Think about the explosion in cloud, think about number of different technologies now have become a common part of doing business, be it a Zoom call or a Teams call. All of this has digital infrastructure behind it that needs to continue to be supported, so. Our teams find that our electronics businesses and the need for electronics in this digital economy is much more broader than it ever has been, and so that might be part of the explanation why we continue to see strength in electronics for a longer period than before - that is one, and the second is the complexity of these devices, semiconductors, there is a lot of work going on to ensure throughput and quality of these devices, and hence we see our test and inspection businesses benefit from this trend about--you know, not quite 100% but pretty darn close to more in line examination and inspection than offline sampling, so you see that benefit. From an electronics business, from what we can see, what we have visibility to do, and we do have a lot of visibility because of our direct sales model, we feel really good about where the business is at today. In terms of our customers and order pattern changing, we have not seen it normalize yet, that people are coming back now. In the past, we used to have backlog for a quarter ahead, but now we have several quarters in front of us, right, and I think unless--at least, this is just my personal perspective, as we resolve supply chain issues and people feel more confident about our supply chain, not just Nordson’s supply chain but global supply chain, this is not going to change, so until we have that, it is going to be this long dated orders is just people feeling I need to get my orders in line so that my project, which is going to come online in a year from now, doesn’t get delayed.  You know, I wish I could give you a more clear answer, but that’s what we’re seeing. We continue to see our customers keep the same pattern that we have seen in the last four to six quarters, that still are reflected in this large backlog we have, and I have not seen it normalize yet.
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, if you just think about just the TAM for CyberOptics itself, it’s about $1.3 billion. There are two things very unique about CyberOptics. The 3D inspection is something that Nordson does not have, right? We have a small optical business, but really we buy CyberOptics MRS sensor to make 3D inspection happen for us, so really we’re already a customer of CyberOptics so we understand the capabilities of CyberOptics’ technology.  Wafer-level inspection is a great opportunity, but in some of the wafer-level opportunity for CyberOptics really, they sell the critical component, which is the MRS sensor, to their customers who build the broader system, right, so it kind of resembles some of our other businesses where we sell the critical component into a major machine that one of CyberOptics’ customers markets, right, so that’s an example of it.  Our interest in this business is that CyberOptics also sells 3D inspection systems in the back end. It is not just exclusively to the front end, right? The reason we highlight front end is that because we already do back end and middle end, we don’t do the front end, that’s really what we were trying to do, so it is not about that we want to move exclusively into front end or greater opportunities in front end, it is just and what we do in the back end, right, so that’s sort of how I think about it. The other exciting technology that CyberOptics brings to Nordson is very different, which is their WaferSense technology, which is an online monitoring of manufacturing systems in wafer production. That is completely new for us, and I think that again puts us in a place where it’s a small device but performs a very critical function, adds a lot of value, so two exciting technologies we bring with the company, continue to expand our test and inspection portfolio, and all rooted in this secular trend of things becoming smaller, things becoming more complex, and hence test and inspection becoming more in line, more 100% rather than sampling, so a good secular trend for us and adding more capability.  You know, optical is--one more thing on optical inspection is that optical inspection is viewed as something that doesn’t impact the component it’s inspecting, so you think about our X-ray inspection, it impacts not the first time but after the tenth time, it would impact the component it is inspecting, but optical inspection, that does not happen, so inherently optical inspection continues to grow as an inspection method and we wanted to make sure that we have a presence in that space.
Sundaram Nagarajan: In terms of our pipeline, it continues to be very active, continues to be pretty strong. We have a very disciplined acquisition strategy, very focused strategically around our medical businesses and our test and inspection businesses. Clearly if we find a core technology that is adjacent to what we do, we certainly will take a look at it, but we remain focused on medical and test and inspection. The pipeline itself is pretty good. Actionability - you know, it is very difficult to say. Given the kind of volatility, it seems that it’s difficult to predict, so I wouldn’t comment much about the actionability other than we continue to cultivate our pipeline, continue to--and CyberOptics was a great example, right? We had known CyberOptics for a number of years, we just had a nice opportunity to take that opportunity and convert it to--you know, get to a place where we were able to have an agreement, so. Actionability depends, is the best way I could say it, but we are very pleased with the strength of the pipeline and the activity we have got going on. On valuation, in some areas we have, at least public equities, look like they’ve moderated, but we are playing in highly differentiated businesses, highly differentiated end markets as well as technologies. We expect to pay market multiples, but we’re going to be highly disciplined on our financial return metrics, and so hopefully our last two deals that we have announced, NDC as well CyberOptics, are a good indicator of entering markets where it is very strategic to us and has a great opportunity for us to grow the company while at the same time being financially disciplined. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our continued performance reflects the strength of our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, and diversified end markets. Again, I want to thank Nordson’s employees for their perseverance and commitment which makes these results possible. The continued deployment of NBS Next and the Ascend strategy will ensure we remain well positioned in this dynamic environment. Thank you for your time and attention on today’s call. Have a great day.
Joseph Kelley: I would just - in the quarter, our order entry from a strength standpoint was again a favorable book-to-bill, so that’s the seventh consecutive quarter where we’ve been adding to backlog. So despite the record sales, order entry was north of our sales.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. Thank you, Naga. Yes, so when you think about the $6 million of cost synergies, I would tell you there’s two main buckets. One is greater than 50% of those cost synergies are simply eliminating the public company costs. As you’re aware, CyberOptics is a public company, and so there’s some cost synergies there that are north of 50% of the total. The other one I would tell you is, when you look at Nordson’s global sales infrastructure, there’s opportunity there to leverage our physical infrastructure around the world to more efficiently support their existing sales force and start to leverage their presence in other geographies, and that’s the remainder I would tell you of the $6 million cost synergies.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, if I could just add a little color in number terms - I mean, if you look at our growth rate in the United States, it was up organically 5%, which is accelerating from our year-to-date growth rate in that business.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, shortly after filing our 10-Q, we’re going to issue a press release which will give you all the historical information financially for the new segments, going back quarterly 2019, ’20 and ’21, so [indiscernible] will be in that release.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would just take and think about the [indiscernible] average in corporate expense on a quarterly basis is the run rate. That’s how I would think about that.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, so kind of like we highlighted at our investor day, when you think about the medical business and the long term growth rate there, if that was your question, Saree, that has, I think, a higher growth rate given the mega trends in that market and the applications with which we serve, and so that’s slightly higher than our ATS business and the new segmentation, which is predominantly on the electronics side. I would tell you it’s probably about 200 basis points higher in terms of growth rate in the medical. Then as it relates to incremental margins, as you’re aware on organic growth, we have committed to 40% to 45% incremental margins on our organic growth, and you see that a little bit higher in the IPS segment over the recent quarters, past several quarters, but going forward, I would commit to the 40% to 45% in all three of our segments.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, the margin benefit as we consolidate that facility, I don’t think there’s going to be a material change in that. It’s predominantly to support the growth and supporting that growth at the incremental margins of 40% to 45%, so I would tell you as kind of a capacity play as we consolidate it into and expanded an existing facility and consolidate it from a separate facility. 
Joseph Kelley: You bet. Yes, so when you think about our Q4 2022 guidance, first of all, I would tell you maintaining the guidance range suggests an increase in the organic growth forecast, given the fact that FX was a greater headwind than it was when we initially gave the guidance, and so when you think about Q4, our guidance at the midpoint suggests about 10% sales growth and about a 20% earnings growth, and so considering the 5% FX headwind, that’s about a 15% constant currency growth rate in Q4. Saree, to answer your question, on the lower side, who knows where the exchange rates are going to move. There was some volatility, as you saw in Q3, and that has continued in Q4, and then I would tell you there’s just some overall, I would say, uncertainty in the marketplace, whether it’s geopolitical, if you look at the COVID lockdowns that we experienced in Q3 in Shanghai and if that will have any recurring impact in Q4, we don’t know, and so it’s just the overall, I would tell you, volatility of the supply chain which continues to be a challenge as well as currency, which kind of has us maintaining the lower end of the range. If you look at the upper portion of our guidance range, it kind of suggests that Q4 from a sales standpoint should be comparable to Q3 at the record level $662 million, and then as we also look at the upper end of our guidance range from an earnings perspective, it suggests, let’s just say 23% growth, however sequentially the earnings is down from Q3, and I would tell you there’s two main factors that we’re taking into consideration there. One is IPS sales mix is expected to be less favorable in Q4 given the composition of the backlog and items scheduled to ship. This sequentially has a negative impact on profitability when you compare it to Q3 specifically. Then secondly, the stronger U.S. dollar - I mean, with the euro at near parity or below for the forecast for Q4 compared to where it was in Q3, this again has a negative impact on earnings when you look sequentially compared to Q3.  Those are some of the thoughts that went into our guidance, maintaining our guidance, which is really increasing our organic growth forecast.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, just specifically, order entry exceeded our sales, so it was very slight but it was an increase in our backlog, and so it remains north of $1 billion. I would tell you it’s basically maintaining the timeline that we saw in Q2 in terms of getting in line order entry and backlog. It’s predominantly, I would say disproportionately heavily weighted on the systems side where the longer lead times are. Some of our parts and consumables are more book and ship, as you know, and so there’s not a heavy backlog there; but when you look at some of our systems businesses, it’s going out, as Naga mentioned, into ’23. Your question, has it changed? It has--that dynamic hasn’t changed from Q2 to Q3. It remains the same, I would tell you. 
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would tell you for the systems business, yes, it does give us better visibility. Think how we used to run with a $400 million backlog, and now we’re running with a backlog of $1 billion. Clearly the heavy systems businesses, there’s greater visibility, but I’d also tell you in some of our medical businesses, there’s better visibility than there used to be in the past, so that does, I would tell you, help us in terms of our forecasting accuracy. That being said, there is a large portion of our business which remains with a shorter cycle time of book and ship, and so it’s not even across the board, like I said earlier.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would tell you if you look at our guidance for Q4 and what we just delivered in Q3, different than last year in the back half when you saw lumpiness in terms of our Q3 performance versus our Q4. It’s really starting to, I would say, level out. You also saw that in our strong Q1 compared to historically lighter Q1s if you go back several years, so from a lumpiness, I would tell you it’s started to level out as opposed to increase. There’s one other point I’d like to make as a little bit of follow-up on Saree’s question on our Q4 guidance and properly interpreting our Q3 results. When you look at Q3 profitability by segment, there were changes in inventory valuation related to switching from LIFO method to FIFO method and obsoleting older product lines. The net impact of the adjustment was immaterial to the consolidated Nordson results in the quarter, but when looking specifically at the segment profitability in Q3 2022, these adjustments favorably impacted IPS and unfavorably impacted ATS by about 100 basis points, so when thinking about our Q3 performance and forecasting into Q4, I think that’s important to understand despite the fact it was immaterial to the consolidated Nordson.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, maybe Naga, I’ll take the price versus cost - again, it was favorable in terms of we were successful in passing through the cost increase in terms of pricing, but it was negative impact from a margin standpoint because it’s not like remaining cost increase plus 56% on top of it, it was simply favorable from a pass through standpoint.
