Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2023 second quarter conference call. During the second quarter, Nordson continued to experience a macro environment that can be described as a multi-speed economy. Customer demand in industrial, consumer non-durable and medical interventional end markets were solid.  Alternatively, electronic dispense product lines are being negatively impacted by the downside of the semiconductor cycle. And sales of biopharma product lines in our medical fluid components division continues to normalize the gains challenging prior year comparisons as customers continue to work through excess inventory. These factors balance themselves out and the team delivered organic sales growth of 1% compared to prior year's second quarter.  During the quarter, the teams also took targeted cost actions in areas where we are seeing weakness in customer demand. We believe these will enable us to effectively navigate the current business environment and strengthen our long-term position for profitable growth. Overall, we remain invested in our competitive differentiators, including our direct sales force, product innovation, and the training and execution of NBS Next growth framework. In a few moments, I'll speak more about the business and what we're seeing in our end markets. But first, I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. Overall, I would start with biopharma secular growth drivers all intact. There is no negative impact to what we have always thought about this business. So this is a strong, high single digit growth business. In terms of this short-term destocking, what we had expected was maybe we would be in the second quarter recovering from it, but it doesn't look like it as we have indicated. Our expectations are by the end of this year, we should be back to normalized order patterns from our customers. And so also by this time, you would have the comps -- the growth comps would also be anniversaried by that time.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me add something to that color is that we feel really strong about the systems businesses, as Joe indicated. It is also a strong testament of NBS Next growth framework in action. What you find here is that the businesses are truly focused on our best products and have the agility and flexibility to respond to customer demand in a market leading way, so we feel really, really strongly about it. And we also feel good about our medical intervention of business, which is showing some pretty strong strength. I would say those two things drive our optimism for the fourth quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. The way to think about it, if you look at historical semi cycles, expect that -- the normal cycle expects about four quarters of downturn. And so we are in quarter two is really where we are. So what we expect is somewhere middle of next year for sure we'll be in a place where this expenditures start to come back, the CapEx expenditures start to come back. Our conversations with our customers are pretty bullish about the long-term prospects for this business. As you know, given geopolitical considerations, given that CHIPS Act is going to come in, what you find our businesses benefit from CapEx expenditures that are allocated from these kind of investments our customers are making are typically towards the end of their construction. So right now people are constructing plans, they would eventually start putting in equipment, ours would come in at sort of the back end of that expenditure that goes towards packaging of semiconductors. That's where you would see us benefit.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me add some little bit more color to the fluid components business. Of those 100 million, not all of it is biopharma. A portion of it is biopharma. But you also have other medical fluid connector applications in that business. And so what you find is biopharma is the one that is sort of normalizing. But you have other connectors that have been pretty stable. But the biopharma normalization was fairly significant to show up at the division level. And as I indicated in one of my answers, we expect that this normalizes by the end of the year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sorry, Matt. Just to add, I think it's important to remember that in the quarter, we delivered 31% EBITDA margins, so about all of these above the line. Operationally, while the earnings are pretty strong at 31%, our expectation is that we are at that level going into the second half of the year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Our acquisition pipeline remains healthy. We continue to work on projects. Our focus areas remain the same, which is sort of continuing to expand our test in inspection, continuing to add to any core businesses around dispensing if we run into that, or continuing to scale up our medical businesses. So those three things strategically have not changed. Pipeline, pretty healthy, but we remain financially disciplined. And we've talked about those criteria. And so we continue to work it. But you're going to expect to see us be disciplined, but our work continues. So there is -- I can only tell you that this is top of mind and it's an important piece of our growth strategy. Just as a reminder, we committed to delivering $500 million in acquisitions for over the plan period, and we have acquired up to $225 million in revenues already, and fully expect that we will deliver on that $500 million in the plan period. And so good work and we have demonstrated we are flexible in type of deals we're able to do. We have completed CyberOptics, which is sort of a public company deal. Last year, we did a public company carve out, but we remain invested in this process and feel good about where we are.
Sundaram Nagarajan: The biopharma is part of MFS, I would say, normalizes by the end of the year, right? And so going into next year, we are back to the 7%, 8% year-on-year growth. That's our expectation for our medical and fluid component business. And as you think about ATS, that's going to be a little bit in the middle of 2024. So our fluid components comes in first, our APS business comes in next. And some of this is normalization of comps too.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sorry, Mike. So for the portion that has the electronics and construction exposure in Asia, you are right. We got to think about it like the ATS.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Mike, I know you didn't ask this question. But one thing I would remind all of us is that, yes, the business is adjusting to the market demand. And I think that was the right thing for us to do. But I keep in front of mind for all of you that we stay invested in our customer-centric business model, in our product innovation, in NBS Next deployment. So this is really important of making sure the company is well positioned as we adjust for the short-term headwinds, is well positioned for long-term continued growth. More than 80% of the business is growing. And so we want to make sure we stay invested in innovation, stay invested in our customer experience. So that we do well in those parts, but also even in the parts where we have some short-term headwinds, we are invested in innovation.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think there are a couple of things that I'd like to point to. First, I'll point to that each of our businesses have been thinking about our NBS Next growth framework and have been using what we call internally strategic discipline. Strategic discipline really is about understanding the best growth opportunities and doubling down on those best growth opportunities. So what you begin to see here is a concerted effort by all of our divisions to be focused on the best growth opportunities. Definitely, they benefit from some macro secular trends that we are pretty excited about, first in terms of onshoring or reshoring or [indiscernible], whatever you want to call it, what you find is our customers beginning to add capacity moving away from Asia and investing more closer to home, we suddenly benefit from it. So that is an important one. The other thing that we're benefiting from in this business is that there are a number of emerging electric vehicle applications that are -- electric vehicle as well as battery manufacturing continues to evolve. So I wouldn't say this is fully solidified yet. But these new applications certainly help us and help the company play in some new applications we have not had opportunities, but strategic discipline kind of brings all of that into focus for the business, allows them to invest there. So those would be the two things that I would point to. Certainly execution inside the business in terms of our factory dedication to our best products is certainly also playing out. So in the businesses we have realistically implemented NBS Next, you're starting to see a significantly better customer service that is market leading. So I would point to those three things as sort of where we see how NBS Next is helping our teams deliver on growth opportunities.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Within the business, we have got like four targeted KPIs that we measure, which sort of gives us a view of how we are doing in terms of deploying NBS Next and we call it leadership level performance. So we have leadership level performance on customer growth is one of the key metrics for the business within the company. And what you're beginning to see is where businesses that are not impacted by significant macro trends, that metric is trending towards where we would like to be, right, and it differs from business to business. So I can't give you a specific number. But what I will tell you is business by business, the teams are identifying what is leadership level performance and we are beginning to see some nice progress in businesses on customer growth, certainly on new product innovation. And there are a couple of other metrics around customer service levels that we are very excited about. So number of internal metrics that allows us to track the effectiveness of the strategy deployment and execution that is leading to some pretty strong customer experience that we believe translates into growth and profitable growth for the company.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our performance reflects the strength of our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, and diversified end markets. Again, I want to thank Nordson's employees for their commitment which makes these results possible. The continued deployment of NBS Next in the Ascend strategy will position us well for long-term growth.  We look forward to the opportunity to talk with you at upcoming investor events. Joe, Lara and Stephen Lovass, our MFS segment leader, will be at the Deutsche Bank Industrial conference on June 8 in New York. Joe, Lara and Jeff Pembroke, our IPS segment leader, will be at the Wells Fargo Industrial conference on June 13 in Chicago. And Joe, Lara and our segment leader of ATS, Srini Subramanian, will be participating in a Virtual Roadshow with Loop Capital on June 14.  Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Joe Kelley: Yes. Jeff, I guess as it relates to the second part of that question, the visibility, what I would tell you is our backlog remains at a very elevated level, near $1 billion. But the mix is very different. If you think about our business and our backlog pre-COVID, we typically ran with a backlog that was 80% to 90% of quarterly sales. But today, I would tell you, 65% of our business has roughly normalized where the backlog is about 1% of quarterly sales. But there's 35% of our business where the backlog remains elevated, I'd call it 2.5 quarters worth of sales in backlog. And the majority of this is our large systems business, particularly in the coatings and plastics processing, which to answer your question is in the IPS segment. Here, these are discrete large system orders where we have customer prepayments and we have clear visibility to customer requests dates. That being said, they can't move depending on the customer request dates and our ability to ship within the quarters. The remainder of the heavy backlog is in our medical interventional solutions business. And here, these are large blanket orders placed by our customers for spec in product. And then they routinely communicate delivery quantities. So when you think about it and our strong Q4, it's predominantly driven by these heavy systems businesses where we do have backlog. But it could fluctuate on any given quarter. As you saw here in Q2, some of the IPS, the coatings particularly and the coatings and the plastic processing, which was quite strong, the plastic processing was where we saw the pull in from Q3 to Q2. And so that's -- it's really the large systems business within IPS that's driving our clear visibility, I would say, to Q4 and customer timing, but also results in our ability to pull in or push out on any given quarter for these large systems.
Joe Kelley: Yes. Saree, when you think about the ATS business, as I mentioned in the quarter, we were responding as you saw to the lower volumes for semiconductor. And some of those cost actions were structural in nature, which will help us going forward in terms of the margin profile. But a portion of that I would tell you at the consolidated level over 100 basis points was the impact of responding to the lower volumes both in semiconductor and in the medical fluid components business. But specifically, on the ATS segment, when you think about the profitability, over the last several years, that has improved quite significantly from let's just say 11% operating profit margins up to ending last year at 29%. So right now, running at these volumes, it's roughly 19% in the quarter. And that's how I would think about it for this year at these volumes with this mix.
Joe Kelley: Yes, I see no reason as we recover that we wouldn't get back to the '22 tight margins for this segment.
Joe Kelley: Yes. As it relates to the semiconductor, and we've commented, order entry appears to have leveled off as it relates to those particular product lines. And so while we saw a sequential deterioration in semiconductor sales, the guide for Q3 does not imply further sequential deterioration from the Q2 levels for semiconductor specifically. It is the timing issue between Q3 and Q4. And actually Q2 is predominantly on those large systems sales, Chris, particularly in the plastics and in the coatings space where we do have the backlog. And there were cases where some got pulled forward. I would estimate roughly about 10 million got pulled forward from Q3 into Q2. And now roughly speaking, probably 10 million got pushed out from Q3 to Q4. That's how I would think about the guide.
Joe Kelley: Yes. So the way I would think about that is you're correct. So there's the medical biopharma, which is roughly I would tell you $100 million business and then there's the interventional solution which is roughly $300 million annual business. And then the remainder is your EFD, which is your fluid dispense. And as a reminder, that business serves a diverse set of end markets, some of which are medical, some of which are construction, some of which are industrial, and some of which are actually electronics; electronics assembly, some semiconductor. And so it's a very diverse set of end markets served by that business. And so in the quarter, we saw significant strength in the medical interventional solutions business, as Naga has mentioned, and that order entry there continues to be strong. Growth is strong. The biopharma has been talked about, but within that EFD business, I will tell you the electronics semiconductor component of that was pressured within the quarter and contributed to the performance.
Joe Kelley: Yes. There's two components also to that earnings guide. One is interest expense is clearly up on a year-over-year basis in the quarter. On the full year, it's going to be up about 20 million. So that contributes. And then also last year, there was some FX hedged gains in the quarter, which benefited, which are not forecasted to repeat. And so those are below the OP, which I would tell you are having an impact on the year-over-year earnings guide.
Joe Kelley: Yes. I guess let me take the first part on the backlog question, Mike. I would tell you, if you look at 65% of our business, that backlog is getting close to historical pre-COVID levels. If you say pre-COVID levels, we ran this business at about 80% to 90% of quarterly sales in backlog heading into any given quarter. For 65% of our business, we're at about one quarter worth in the backlog. So it's almost at historical levels. The piece that hasn't reverted and I don't know that it is going to revert to historical practices is about 35% of our businesses, which is the large systems business, the coatings business, the plastics business, and the medical interventional solution business. There where we continue to have backlog at an elevated level, orders continue to be strong and it's about 2.5 quarters worth of backlog that we're running in those businesses. And so we're not seeing that portion of our business revert to historical norms, while the remainder is.
Joe Kelley: Yes. So if you look at our assumption on order entry, we do feel that it has stabilized at the level we saw that stabilization throughout Q2. And so we continue to -- the guide assumes that we remain at these levels. And then what you have within the quarters is the timing of the systems deliveries. And so that's what drives the quarterly fluctuations.
Joe Kelley: Yes. The management piece of MFS that's not on the medical interventional and not on the medical fluid components side, that piece of the business EFD I would tell you roughly half of that business has the exposure and market exposure similar to our broad ATS segment. And the other half is more industrial, construction, there's animal health, there's medical. So that's how we think about it.
Joe Kelley: Yes. The cost actions in the quarter were 3.5 million roughly to respond very focused actions within the MFS segment and the ATS segment to adjust our cost structure. I will tell you some of those, Mike, were structural not just the [indiscernible] piece. But we did take some structural cost reduction actions, particularly in ATS that will help benefit that segment as profitability recovers back to historical level let's just say in '24. And so the savings generated within the quarter -- within the year will offset the 3.5 million.
Joe Kelley: Yes. Walt, this is Joe. I would tell you that the price realization for Nordson broadly improved in Q2, and so I would estimate that approximately 4% of that 9% for IPS segment would be attributed to price and 4% would be volume.
Joe Kelley: No, I would tell you that NBS Next expressing itself on the price cost, we got to the point where I would tell you that that is no longer a headwind. If you'll recall the last two quarters that's been pressuring our gross margins. And so here, that is price cost balanced for Nordson is no longer pressuring the gross margins as we have realized the price increase to offset inflation and maintain our margins. So what you'll see there in the 6% incremental margin for IPS is largely consistent with what we've seen over the past couple of years. And I would tell you, there's a host of issues there, but it's the benefit of NBS Next and being broadly implemented throughout those divisions.
Joe Kelley: I would like to make one other comment, I think it's back to Matt's question around the Q3 guide. I spoke to what was assumed in the guide below operating profit. But when you look at the operating profit line and the gross margin line, our gross margins were at roughly 54.5% here in Q2 consistent with Q1. That being said, the drivers of that were a little bit different than Q1. The price realization is no longer a headwind. But what you see in Q2, the margins are pressured by the lower volumes that we've talked about on those two particular businesses. And then offsetting that is the growth but the growth is coming with a less favorable sales mix as it's becoming and coming in product lines such as plastic processing and others who are delivering double digit growth. So the profitability when you think about Q2 going into Q3, profitability from gross margin and OP margin should be comparable because the mix is comparable.
