Mike Hilton: Thanks, Greg. Before moving on to your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent order trends and outlook. While recent orders are not as strong as we would hope to see, there are some positive takeaways. First, our recent order trends put us at a full year run rate of approximately $1.2 billion or $1.1 billion excluding recent acquisitions, which is not far off the $1.2 billion (inaudible) we experienced one quarter ago. At this time of the year, it’s generally our soft as from an order’s perspective due to the impact of holidays on plan operation and the end of the capital cycle for many of our customers. And at the same time, the macroeconomic picture is certainly impacting the current behavior of our customers. Europe’s debt crisis has yet to be resolved, unemployment remains stubbornly high and emerging regions continue to struggle with how to best manage growth. This ongoing uncertainty has caused some customers to take a cautious approach in the near-term. However, most economists still expect global GDP in 2012 to grow at or slightly ahead of 2011 rates reflecting the impact of monitored growth in developed markets and continued strong growth in emerging markets. This macroeconomic outlook for 2012, combined with Nordson’s level of participation in emerging markets, niche applications and some still recovering end markets provides encouragement that as the year progresses; we may see more favorable comparisons to the prior year than our outlook for the first quarter. In Advanced Technology for example, our solutions are critical to niches like smartphones, tablets, notebook, PCs, flat panel televisions, where strong growth is being forecast. Technology trends like flip chips and more complex wafer packaging architectures play to our strength. Growth is also forecast in areas such as LEDs and MEMS where Nordson already has a solid foothold and room to expand.  We’ve also expanded our presence in the medical space with the acquisitions of Value Plastics and MICROMEDICS which should provide additional growth and stability. In the Industrial Coating segment, demand from manufacturers of durable goods in emerging markets continues at a solid rate. In more developed regions, near-term economic uncertainty has caused some customers to take a more cautious approach to ordering large dollar systems. And in Adhesives, consumer non-durable markets such as rigid packaging and nonwovens remain steady. While we’re optimistic about the balance of 2012, Nordson is well positioned to endure a macroeconomic headwind should they continue. We started off the year being very prudent from a spending perspective. We’ve added some additional resources, but only to support key strategic imperatives. We are focused on continuous improvement efforts to accelerate productivity and help solidify performance. We are also adept at reacting quickly and adjusting our cost basis on a global scale, if necessary. As we begin 2012, our teams remain focused on growth and performance. Overall, our priorities are clear and largely unchanged from 2011. As a reminder, these priorities include the following: enhancing and maintaining our core business; further penetration of emerging markets through new products, application and tearing approaches; accelerating growth in market adjacencies such the medical space we’ve talked about in Flexible Packaging; supplementing organic growth through strategic acquisitions; ongoing optimization of our business through continuous improvement; reinvesting in technology to expand our market-leading position; and continuing to build out our global organizational capability to support this growth. Even with the slower beginning to our new fiscal year, we are optimistic about 2012. And I’m confident we’ll continue to benefit our shareholders by providing value to our customers through our applications expertise, differentiated technology and our global direct sales and service capability. I’m confident in our global team, and I know that they will continue to deliver at a very high level. At this time, we would be happy to answer your questions.
Mike Hilton: You know, Liam, I’d say it’s consistent with what we’ve said last year that in the second half of the year, we would pick up our spending to support strategic initiatives. You know one key one for example is moving to center gravity of our technology capability more towards Asia. So, we’re opening some additional centers of excellence, we’re expanding our manufacturing capability and what comes with that is engineering support to customize and service our customers including some of our tiering initiatives. So, these are sort of strategic imperatives that we’re investing in, kind of in line with what we’ve seen step up in the second half of the year as far as any additional increases in the first quarter. We’ve been very prudent about that, but this is really in support of strategic initiatives.
Mike Hilton: Yeah, so if you look at what we’ve said is, and this goes back to the beginning of last year, that we felt we had an opportunity structurally, if they had a couple points to the margin and then we still feel that we can do that. Some of the things that we’re doing through our continuous improvement effort are continuing to structurally change the business. We’ve said that the adhesive space will start to play out in the second half of this year from our supply chain optimization. And what we’re doing in the technology piece probably plays out in 2013. But we have a number of things that we feel on an annualized basis will continue to be in those high levels. So, we don’t see this as any kind of a structural shift at all. We are seeing here is first quarter typically, is a softer quarter. Last year was a pretty strong quarter, but we had subsequently decided to make some of these strategic investments that we talked about, and we still feel that we will have margins in excess of that. We expect the top line to come back. So, this is in line with our longer-term plans, and that we don’t see any reason to believe that we in the long run, will be below the kind of margins.
Mike Hilton: No, not really. Let me make a couple of comments. One thing that we are hearing from I’d say the broad base of customers in Asia is given that Chinese New Year has moved up a couple of weeks and falls before the end of January. A number of our customers, particularly the OEM customers that would build some of the bigger systems, basically said they are kind of delaying some of their orders to oppose that. So, you have kind of the US western holiday piece and a much earlier Chinese New Year, so there is a timing effect that some of our customers are talking to us about. But secondly from a technology perspective, on the electronics side, there is a softening on the back-end packaging and test area and most of those folks are located in Asia. And I think they’re waiting to see how the first few months of the New Year play out with the uncertainty there. And that said, the things that where we have a significant niche exposure to we’re still very encouraged about like smartphones, tablets, ultra books, those kinds of things. And I’d say the other thing in the short term is with the things going on in Europe in particular but the slower growth in the short term in the US the export business from Asia has softened a bit. You see it in the trade numbers and that’s affecting some of our broad base customers. So, the biggest impact is in technology. The next biggest impact is around sort of the timing of the Chinese New Year. But then there is some export impact we would say coming in there that’s not typical.
Mike Hilton: So, let me just give you an idea Mark, of what we’re doing. In the US, at a high level, we’re moving from four manufacturing facilities to two. So, we’re expanding the two and shutting down two. And we’re realigning our business with products that need more engineering support in one location to the ones that are more standard than another location. And we’re doing some other things to optimize supply chain. And we’re making some smaller moves in Europe. Some of that helped by the acquisition of the Verbruggen business that we bought. The UST should all be wrapped up in the June timeframe. So, post June, we should start to see the benefits that come about by an approved and a lower supply chain cost there. The European piece is probably later in the year. Similarly, we’re doing some things in our technology business where we’re expanding our Suzhou facility fairly significantly. The benefits there are likely to be more of a 2013 timeframe. But these are significant enough that you’ll be able to notice them in the context of the improvement that we see. We haven’t specifically quantified the benefits out there but they all have very, very good paybacks. And that’s just one element of a much broader continuous improvement activity we have underway. We’re doing some things in segmentation. We’re looking at our logistics cost. We’re amplifying our low cost sourcing initiatives in a variety of ways. We’re doing something it’s around new product developments. So, we have a whole slew of things that we’re working on that’ll play out over the next two, three, four years which is why we feel confident we can continue on a long run basis to move margins up.
Mike Hilton: Yeah, what we said is that we hoped to get at least 200 basis points of improvement in the margin through these activities. And we continue to find new ones so we’ll continue to challenge ourselves to push that beyond that, but we hope to get at least, on ongoing basis, 200 basis points of expansion.
Mike Hilton: Yes. It’s going to phase in. We’re going to see each of these things phase in as we continue to do it. And we’re not stopping there. We’re looking for other opportunities. We’re, I wanted to say, turbo charging our lean Six Sigma activity to drive the improvement culture that’s already strong at Nordson even further.
Mike Hilton: Yeah, we think we’re at a good level there and yeah, we feel pretty confident in that kind of gross margin performance. And I think, as Greg said, as the volume ramps up, we’ll floss at the strategic spend at the technology and emerging market sales resource level to leverage that to the bottom line.
Mike Hilton: It’s not really have a big impact in this quarter. There may be some modest upside on some replacement units that might play out over the next quarter or two, but it really hasn’t had a big impact. Customers have been pretty adapted moving production out of places and we’ve participated in that.
Mike Hilton: I think we’ve said in the past, Charlie, that’s been pretty consistent with the overall number, maybe slightly higher than the overall number. I’m not sure. Greg is looking to see if he has something here. We typically haven’t disclosed the individual piece.
Mike Hilton: On the flat panel, I think we’ve gone through a fairly tough period this year and we think we’re going to get back to kind of more normalized growth going forward into next year. Obviously, the consumer spending in the West has an impact on that, and so Europe continues to be soft. There may be some impact there. I’d say one area that’s really kind of taking off as a bright spot for us is in the MEMS area, where we’ve got particularly a lot of sensor technology that goes into the mobile devices, accelerometers, drivers, scopes those kinds of things that with the push on and not only tablets, smartphones, but now the sort of whole line of ultrabooks that are starting to come out that should be encouraging for us.
Greg Thaxton: Yeah, Liam. Again, there are some one-time costs in there that are suppressing that margin slightly. And I think the other aspect of it is, as we talked about, we’ve had some strategic investments that we’ve undertaken. Some of that in support of the growth in emerging markets, some of that in support of technology. We’ve got some investments that we’re making along the lines of continuous improvement that are going to provide some benefit in the out quarters. So, generally, I’d say, what we’re seeing is some increase in the base spending. We’ve got a merit increase, of course, finding its way in there, and a fairly soft top line at this point.
Greg Thaxton: Liam, might I add to the point Mike touched on there, if you think about the seasonality in our business, the first quarter is laden with a lot of holiday period and of course, that affects both our customers’ capital cycle as well as our spare parts revenue trends. So, typically for us, the first quarter is the softest and it builds through the year and that allows us to then capture some of that volume leverage in the margin.
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. The total in the quarter was about 43%. That’s trending about 1 percentage point higher than the third quarter. Some of that is associated with the volume from acquisition. So, if I took the recent acquisition of Value Plastics out, it was about 42%. It’s 43% with that partial quarter end.
Greg Thaxton: It is. It’s slightly higher. There isn’t a broad range really between the three segments. But Adhesive tends to track up slightly above the corporate average.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, so let me go back to that. So, Adhesives had volume improvement of 10%, and that included about 2% acquisitive growth. Advanced Technology, sales volume was 14% and that included about 7% acquisitive growth.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Kevin, so the comment there is on SG&A, right? And so, what we’ve said there is a couple of components. If you look at SG&A levels as compared to our fourth quarter and our third quarter, they’re less than quarter four, primarily because quarter four has some kind of year-end volume-related accruals that hit SG&A. If you look at the spend as to where we were trending in in Q3 of 2011, it’s pretty much in line. So, what we’re saying there is during 2011 is when we made some of these investments. Some of it is R&D-related. Some of it is investment in growing out our operations in emerging markets. It’s people-related. So, I think that spending is in the P&L. We’ll continue to make some of those decisions going forward. But I wouldn’t suggest that you’d expect to see a big step-up from where we are now.
Greg Thaxton: Well, we’ve got the entities that we’ve acquired that were not in Q1. There is some FX increase in spending quarter-over-quarter and then, of course, the restructuring charges in the quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, that’s about it, Yes, that’s correct. Yes. It’s fast, and then when you flow through some merit increase and again, we’re looking at what generally is our softest quarter, so with that volume spend increase that’s suppressing the margins.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, just a comment on currency. As you know, we benefit from a weak dollar and certainly had some tailwind in 2011. We’ve guided to some slightly favorable tailwind in our first quarter of 2012. We’ve got a month-and-a-half or so behind us now, and so what we’re doing is looking at where rates are as of just a couple of days ago and saying if they hold for the balance of our quarter that gives us the expectation for that slight tailwind. But nevertheless, where our rates go and how they react for the balance of the year will have an impact. For 2011, the euro average rate for us across the year was about 139. So, clearly if rates stayed where they are today, we’d have a headwind in euro. We’d have a tailwind still in the yen where the full year average was about 81, so we’ve got a tailwind there in the yen. The way things model out for us is that for every, let’s say, 1% change in sales due to the translation effect of currency, it’s about 2.5 times impact on the change in earnings per share.
Greg Thaxton: Well, in acquisitions for the year, you have both Value Plastics. You have MICROMEDICS that affects the Advanced Technology segment, and then Verbruggen in the Adhesive segment.
Greg Thaxton: Because we will have another about equal-size impact on the short-term purchase accounting, but they’ll be in for a full quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Well, we entered into a new credit facility, if anybody caught that. It was announced on Monday, and I’m pleased with the facility we have and I want to congratulate our team on a great job of negotiating that facility. It expands our revolver from what was a $400 million to a $500 million revolver. It’s a five-year deal. And it’s about at our current pricing grid. The margin spread is about 50 basis points over our prior facility. So, we were borrowing at about 28 basis points over LIBOR, it’s now close to 77 basis points. So, whatever our outstanding debt is for the year, it’s going to be slightly more expensive, but again, I’m very pleased with the terms that we were able to negotiate.
Michael Hilton: Yes. I think that’s fair, Charlie. We, historically I would say, have been kind of opportunistic and episodic and that’s not a criticism, that’s just saying we do a couple of acquisitions and then digest them and five years later we do a couple more. And they generally, we’re in areas that made sense for us, but we’ve gone back and looked at sort of four areas that we thought were good areas for us to focus on because they were close to what we do today, that we think we understand the markets and we think there is a good technology position, we think there is leadership opportunities and in some cases we think it’s fragmented where there potentially could be opportunities for organic share growth. So, those areas and adjunct for Adhesives, as in the flexible packaging space, that’s plastic packaging, and that’s where Verbruggen fits in. But there is some other things that we’ll look at there. In our technology space, we’ve talked about medical and that’s around dispensing and that’s around the components and some selected areas of manufacturing. In the electronic space, we’re still interested in broadening our footprint in the test inspection area and there are some things that are kind of clear adjuncts to what we do today. And then in the Coating segment, there is an area that kind of bridges Coatings and Adhesives around cold material dispensing. You think about that as silicones in one or two component mixtures. And those are kind of the four areas at the moment that we have interest in and we’re trying to build up sort of the proprietary deal flow there and we’re looking at a number of opportunities say, with the noise in the marketplace from an macro-economic standpoint in the last few months, some folks that might have been interested in moving on or pulling back a little bit and so we could go through a period here of a couple of quarters where people are waiting to see how the economy plays out because they’re worried about valuations or they’re worried about what happens to their earnings or whatever and we’re looking at that closely, as well.
Michael Hilton: And it is a step-up from last year’s first quarter for several reasons, Kevin. One is the merit increases for the first quarter and then in the second half of the year, as we kind of telegraph all the way along, we were going to support some step-up in some strategic initiatives. So, this is not back office. This is focused commercial resource just to drive emerging market growth at some specific technology investments to introduce the next levels of technology across our businesses. And then it is to support some of the sort of supply chain restructuring and other things that we’re doing from a continuous improvement that we’ll benefit over the next several years. So, there is some rough fund investment there. But that’s really been in the P&L since the second half of last year. It looks a little more historic here on a year-on-year comparison because it wasn’t in Q1 last year and didn’t have merit increases in Q1.
Michael Hilton: Right, so, in terms of run rate, what we said is the spending for those key strategic initiatives were in. There is some other things that we’d like to do this year but we made the decision in Q1, we’re not doing them in Q1. We want to see how the year plays out and if the year proves like we hoped that it will, then there is certain selected others that will look to add some resources. But we’ll also see the top line that comes with that, they will be leveraged significantly to the bottom line. So, we’re being prudent.
Michael Hilton: Yes and quite frankly, we were hoping for more top line growth and what’s going on in Europe is not helping that in the short term. And the U.S. hasn’t helped that in the short term. So, we haven’t quite got as much top line as we hoped but we’re more optimistic as the year goes on.
Michael Hilton: No. You look at gross margins there pretty strong and in line with the prior year, in fact, ahead of prior year, even inclusive of the short-term purchase accounting that’s in the quarter. So, gross margins are pretty strong. It’s really an element of the trended SG&A and a softer first quarter top line.
Michael Hilton: So, I’ll only make a couple of comments there. What I would say is in most regions, the bid activity is still pretty strong. What we’ve mentioned last quarter is we started to see particularly in the bigger systems orders like coatings and our product assembly and Adhesives, customers delaying to commit to make that investment. We saw that continue in this quarter and if things remain soft, we could see that continuing going forward. But our teams are encouraged by a couple of things. There is level of bid activity that we see in most areas and some of these niche opportunities that we play in. I think one of the things we are seeing this year though combined with that macro piece is the early Chinese New Year in Asia in particular. Our customers have notably pointed out to us that they’re just waiting to get through that early Chinese New Year and not really stepping up their buys till after that, so that is a timing issue particularly in Asia. And then, further to your comment, Kevin, there is just a natural the holiday impact in our order rates. When we think about seasonality, this tends to be the soft quarter.
Michael Hilton: No, I would say that’s a good comment, Matt. I would say the smaller and medium size customers are bringing that up. It could be that that’s a real issue or it could be that you’re just talking about that in context of general uncertainty, but the small and medium customers particularly the ones that would buy some of the bigger systems are bringing that up as a concern in the short-term.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say that each week is a little different. So, there is not necessarily a direct pattern there because it can be influenced by a big system shift in one week and not in another. But I wouldn’t say that we saw something that started out strong and a steady decline. We are anticipating a softer, kind of tail end of January in Asia because of that early Chinese New Year that we wouldn’t have expected last year. But I would say, no, we don’t have a pattern that we would point to here. What we would say is the areas where we have the, sort of, bigger cost items, so product assembly and adhesives, some of the powder coating systems areas, those are areas where we’ve typically would slow towards the end of the year as the capital from the prior year on a calendar basis is being spent. We’re seeing that, but we’re also seeing people delay, making the buy decision and I think that’s a function of the economic uncertainty.
Michael Hilton: Okay. So, I’ll let Greg talk about that second one in a minute. The way we kind of look at things, if you step back and we’ve done some look at sort of global GDP and what do we think we should expect from global GDP going forward. In the European region, we’re talking like a point plus or minus. In the U.S., it’s probably one-and-a-half to two. In the broader emerging market, it’s probably four to five and in China, it’s probably eight to nine. When you add that all up, you get kind of two-and-a-half or three global basis which is not too different from what we saw this year. But when you think about this global GDP forecast and if they’re right, they’d strengthen as you go through the year. I say, if you look at our sort of order patterns, people get their budgets in place for our Coatings business sort of in the first fiscal quarter, so we start to see the orders get strong second and third quarter and into the fourth quarter. We see the second tail end of the second and third quarter being a strong quarter. It’s typically on the tech side and we tend to be more steady in the Adhesive space other than that sort of general product assembly which probably follows more along the lines of what we see from a Coatings perspective. So, our typical pattern as we would expect for things to get stronger throughout the year, but we don’t have a good feel for is how long is the overhang, for example, of Europe and the debt situation there are going to impact the year. If the sort of macro forecasters are right, we should have a similar year to the last year in terms of the macro environment which probably means that it’s stronger in the second half than it is in the first half.
Michael Hilton: Yes, so it’s a good point, Jason. What I would say is in the last two years, we still have sort of recovery from that strong downturn and so, I think it muted the seasonal translation that you’d normally see. I’d say this is moving more towards a more typical kind of a seasonal pattern but it is probably a little bit worse just given what’s going on in Europe and, to a lesser extent, the U.S. So, there is some clearer impact from the uncertainty that’s there in the last few months that I wouldn’t consider to be normal. So, it’s probably a little worse than we would expect to see in a normal back to kind of fully recovered environment, whereas in the last two years in the first two quarters you still have strong recovery. Two years ago was technology-led, I think that last year was broad-based.
Michael Hilton: So, hold that question for a second. I think we’ve got a pretty good track record on what the normal seasonal pattern is. We don’t have any better crystal ball than you do, though, on what the overhang is going to be and that was my previous comment. I’d say, what’s encouraging is lots of activity in the niche areas that we’re focused in that should step up and still bid activity in many of these areas as very encouraging. But there clearly is an overhang and we just don’t know how long that overhang is going last.
Michael Hilton: Yes. So, I would say, not a big deal from our credit requirements, particularly on the tech side. I’d say, generally speaking though, more broad-based in Asia, China specifically, with the move to start to loosen things a little bit again, that’s viewed as very encouraging by the folks on the ground, sort of the smaller customers and even some of the OEMs, so not tech-specific, but more broad-based. There was a tightening impact from that and people are more encouraged now. There is an argument about whether it’s enough. But certainly, directionally, the move is encouraging for the folks on the ground.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I’d say Value Plastics is when we made the announcement, we had sort of the last 12 months, kind of run rate was around 20...
Michael Hilton: $26 million, $27 million. We’re on track with that kind of run rate and we have expectations, obviously, for that to step up as the year goes on, in part based on growth in the market, but in part because of the other things that we’ve talked about in terms of diversifying globally, taking the industrial product line out, that’s probably further on in the year. But we’re basically on track with that acquisition where we thought after the first couple of months.
Michael Hilton: No. I think what we said was that those spaces, the manual and automated, were holding up fairly well.
Michael Hilton: No, just to be clear, all, what we said is the current run rate, if you take the orders and annualize them, that’s what you would get. We didn’t necessarily project that that was the number for the year. Just like we do each quarter, we kind of annualize the then current run rate.
Michael Hilton: What I would say is if we have an economic environment where the overall sort of GDP and industrial production growth is similar to this year, then we would expect that to be a year where there is growth.
Michael Hilton: And so the question is, whether you believe that or not? I mean, our view when we use this in some of our modeling efforts is we feel most comfortable with the Global Insight IHS forecast. But their forecast is not dramatically different from others. So, if you believe that, that’s going to come through at a 2.5% to 3% sort of global growth, then we should see a positive year there. But our crystal ball doesn’t go out that far. And so, if that’s not right, then we’ll either be more or less, depending on what actually plays out.
