Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson’s fiscal 2022 second quarter conference call.  Once again, the Nordson team successfully navigated a dynamic macro environment and delivered strong sales and earnings growth despite continued supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures, as well as newer challenges from the COVID-19 lockdowns in China and the increasing foreign currency headwinds. I’m very thankful for and proud of our employees who are staying safe and deploying the NBS Next growth framework to meet the strong broad-based demand from our customers.  Our company culture is deeper than our financial results and during the quarter, I was humbled to see our employees rise up to send care packages to our colleagues impacted by the COVID-related lockdowns in China and also raise money for family and friends impacted by the situation in Ukraine. This is the Nordson impact, and it is a very special part of who we are as a company.  I’ll speak more about the business in a few moments, but first I’ll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you Joe. Let’s turn to Slide 9. Again, thank you to the Nordson team for delivering this outstanding performance. I’m very proud of how our employees are navigating this dynamic environment. I continue to spend a lot of time in our facilities and I am excited by the caliber of talent and the dedication of our employees to meet our customer commitments despite the constraints of the supply chain. They are actively deploying NBS Next to choose the best growth opportunities and focus their time and resources appropriately.  Strategically, we have continued to make progress on the advancement of the NBS Next growth framework, the heart of our Ascend strategy. NBS Next boils down to three words: choices, focus, and simplifying. Expanding beyond our pilot sites, we now have several strong business examples of driving profitable growth in different divisions. With this in mind, we launched a four-month NBS Next accelerator training program which had its first in-person session in April. In the program, Nordson participants learned through hands-on exercises with real Nordson data as well as in-class discussions. More importantly, each participant left with a better understanding and a thoughtful action plan that will accelerate the deployment of the NBS Next growth framework across the company.  As practical application of NBS Next gets embedded deeper in our organization, the more aligned and skilled we are as a team to deliver top tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns. This is an important investment in our people and company. I’m grateful to the Nordson team for all that is being done to mitigate risks due to supply chain, inflation, labor, and COVID challenges.  In this dynamic environment, I’m equally energized the secular growth drivers in key end markets leading to strong ongoing demand from our customers. As Joe noted, our ATS segment delivered record sales and profits. It is driven by Nordson’s ability to deliver on exciting trends in electronics, including investments in both capacity and on-shoring, new product innovation, and the continued demand for semiconductors and PCBs. Both our electronics dispense and T&I product lines will continue to benefit from these trends. The medical end market also continues to grow. While we have talked at length about the growth in our biopharma fluid components, we are also experiencing the recovery of our interventional solutions product lines which are fueled by the aging population, shifts towards outpatient procedures, and medical OEM outsourcing. The diversity of Nordson’s end markets and geographic exposure as well as high recurring revenue content positions us well to deliver consistent profitable growth through the economic cycle. Now let’s turn to our updated fiscal 2022 outlook on Slides 10 and 11. Order entry remained strong throughout the second quarter with a favorable book to bill ratio growing backlog to over $1 billion. This growth in backlog is partially related to the ongoing extended shipment request dates for large customer orders in electronics, industrial and medical end markets. Looking specifically at the third quarter fiscal 2022, revenue and adjusted earnings are forecast to be comparable to the prior year results where the prior year third quarter was the strongest quarter of fiscal 2021.  For the full year fiscal 2022, we are guiding to a revenue growth of 8% to 9% and we are increasing the previously issued adjusted earnings guidance to the range of 18% to 21% over fiscal 2021. This is approximately 20% earnings growth following a record 2021 financial performance. It is a testament to the solid execution of the SN strategy.  Our financial results and expectations for growth reflect our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, and diversified end markets. Additionally, the ongoing implementation of NBS Next is making sure we have a crystal clear view on priorities in this dynamic environment. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders, and the Nordson team for your continued support.  With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, thank you for the question, Jeff. On our electronics business, what we see is this [indiscernible] of our customers and applications that we have undertaken over the last number of years, that you begin to see the business doing incredibly well in a couple of different areas. One of the areas is really semiconductors, and what we find is the ongoing capacity additions, on-shoring to mitigate some risks that all of us see in the industry, but in addition to that digital technology and digital way of doing business has just spurred this new secular growth that we see our customers continuing to benefit for some time to come.  From what we see in our businesses, our order rates are pretty strong, our shipments are pretty strong in the electronics area, so now just as a reminder, we have electronics dispense as well as test and inspection both benefiting from it, so in the quarter both the divisions had double-digit growth. Certainly there are comp issues, but we feel really good about prospects for these divisions and their contribution to growth for us.  We do have lesser exposure--you know, we have a broad-based supply chain we participate in, in electronics, so it is less correlated to one particular consumer product or the other. That used to be where we were a number of years ago, and we have talked to you about how we have diversified our applications, and so think of Nordson’s electronic business participating in the entire electronics supply chain and that diversity is really helping us participate in a good way.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Jeff, that’s a great question. In terms of our backlog, I wouldn’t say we don’t have the issue that you’re talking about - orders ahead of shipments. We do have some of that, right - we are limited by the supply chain, meaning how much our suppliers can provide us in terms of components, especially for our systems business to be able to ship, so that is still a factor in our backlog.  The second factor, though, is we are seeing clearly, and we have pretty good line of sight to understand that we have customers placing orders ahead of where they normally have, and we see that mostly in our system business, now we’re seeing it in our interventional components business, medical interventional components business as well. If you look at our backlog, the majority of our backlog is from systems businesses and medical businesses, and partly driven by these long-dated customer request dates. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, one thing, Chris, I would add too is given our organizational structure, right - over the last 24 months, we have gone to an owner mindset, division-led structure, this allows our divisions to forecast in a fairly crisp way as they--you know, we have a direct customer business model so each of our divisions have fairly good visibility, and our forecast was really based on our divisions’ forecast, so this is not something that Joe and I decide as much as we--you know, this is a sum of all of our divisions’ views of where the market is at and their own supply chain, so we feel good about where we are because I think it does give us better clarity into where we are expecting our customers to perform division by division.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Hey Chris, sorry to interrupt you, but before we take and put it down, I wanted to add a little bit of color there just to make sure. We have materially improved the cost position, structure position in this business, so we feel really good about those gains. The only caution I would have for you--you know, two things. One is, as Joe mentioned, this is one quarter, and second I’d also say that we have--you know, we’re doing really well on the electronics business, which as you know has--the amplitude of the cycle has muted because of the diversification work we’ve done, but it is still a cycle, so we’re in a good part of the cycle, we have taken cost out, we’ve materially improved the position of the business well, we have mix help in there, so there are a number of contributing factors, so my caution would be let’s give it a couple of quarters here before we lock in a run rate. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes Chris, on the capacity side, on our assembly business, think of that as capacity we have but more constrained by the supply chain and our ability to get components to fully support the demand. That’s one capacity that you’ve got to take into consideration beyond our own ability to act on [indiscernible] and the backlog, so that’s one. On the process side, which is sort of what Joe has mentioned, we’re adding capacity where there it is physical capacity within the company, but we are excited about the capacity adds we are making in businesses that have very strong growth, really great investments for the company and our investors.
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, we have been slowly bringing people back as the government allows us to, and we believe it will be a slower ramp but we also believe that we would be fully operational at normal run rates hopefully in the next four to six weeks, so mid-June that Joe mentioned in his earlier comments, that’s our expectation. But Walt, business, a dynamic environment that none of us really controls, our teams are doing one incredible job dealing with where we are, and we are so proud of how our leadership and our teams have worked together and are really--and teams around the rest of the world who have to work around this issue in China, so it’s not only that we have our China factory and our shipments in China, but we also have customers who pull from our other factories, so all in all very proud of the work our teams are doing in some very incredibly difficult situations.  Our expectations are things are doing well, things are coming back, but surely expect a slower ramp with an expectation that another four to six weeks, we get back to normal shipping rates. For us, I couldn’t emphasize this more - safety of our people is our number one priority, and everything else will work out. But we’re just so proud of the team there and I’m proud of everybody around the world who have been working to overcome the challenges we have had in China in the quarter and as we get into third quarter, so a big shout-out to the Nordson team. Nice job for us.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you. Our continued performance reflects the strength of our differentiated positioned technology, customer-centric business model, and diversified end markets. The continued deployment of NBS Next and the Ascend strategy will ensure we remain well positioned in this dynamic environment. Thank you for your time and attention on today’s call. Have a great day.
Joseph Kelley: Yes Matt, thank you for the question. As it relates to our forecast and our guidance for Q3 and the lockdowns in the Shanghai region of China, we anticipate those to start to subside. We’ve had no shipments for five weeks in Q2 and so we’re starting to--things are starting to open up there, we’re starting to get people back in the factory, we’re starting to be able to ship. We’re not yet at 100% but we anticipate being 100% roughly by mid-June, so that is what’s included in our assumption.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, so when you think about ATS, any given quarter there’s a handful of mix that will impact any results, so I don’t want to take one given quarter and say, annualize it. But I encourage us to look at the trend in ATS, and what you see going on over the last several quarters is consistently improving the profitability of that segment. It’s kind of like the driver there, Matt, is the comment that I said in the script in terms of NBS Next, is that segment not only does the cost control, which you referenced, but from a gross margin and a profitability standpoint and the strong incrementals is really coming from improving mix within each of the divisions in that segment, so if you think about NBS next and strategic discipline, which is a database framework to say, what are my best growth opportunities, as those individual divisions are focusing on those best growth opportunities, they generally are the higher margin opportunities, and so as we outgrow in those high margin product lines, regions, end markets, it’s improving the mix within those divisions.  That’s what’s contributing to those favorable incremental margins in ATS, and we’re quite proud of that trend. I don’t know that I can say, hey, Q2 is now the ongoing run rate, but directionally that’s what you’ll continue to see.
Joseph Kelley: Yes Naga, so Allison, we also track not just cancellations and are looking out for that, but also our customer prepayments, and as the majority of the backlog is comprised of systems and medical orders, as Naga mentioned, those systems orders come with customer prepayments, and those are up now north of $90 million, and so proportional to our systems backlog, the prepayments have also grown. We view the systems backlog piece as very solid as it relates to future shipments, and the visibility is out now several quarters whereas our traditional, I’ll call it non-systems heavy business, parts business, we see a modest uptick in the backlog but that is much more book-and-ship within a couple weeks, so that one is not out nearly as far.
Joseph Kelley: Yes Allison, when you look at our performance going Q1 to Q2, actually our price realization was a little bit better than what we had anticipated going into Q2. It’s forecasted to continue to improve here in Q3 again as we work through the re-pricing and the long backlog, so it was favorable in dollar terms in Q2 and was forecasted to slightly improve as we head into Q3, so we feel pretty good about that. I will tell you it’s a very dynamic situation with all the different cost components and the inflationary pressures.
Joseph Kelley: You bet, Chris. Yes, let me comment, if I could, just on the quarterly split of our guidance here in the back half. If you think about our guidance, midpoint the back half is going to be up roughly 6% over the prior year. I will remind you in the prior year, Q3 was our strongest quarter and there was about $25 million worth of sales that we were able to get out in the electronics space in Q3 that was pulled forward based on a customer request from Q4 scheduled delivery into Q3. Q3 was strong, Q4 was sequentially softer last year, and so what you see this year is--you know, I would tell you 6% growth over the second half, but you’re right, it implies the fourth quarter is going to be stronger than the third quarter, so what you see there is heavy, again, visibility on the systems side and so a high degree of confidence on the system forecasting, and also as I mentioned in the first question, the China lockdown, and as that starts to moderate here and still impacts us a little bit in Q3, that will be a challenging Q3. So Q4 stronger than Q3, I wouldn’t get carried away with the quarter year-over-year growth rates and think about it more as 6% growth in the back half, and if you think about that broken down, I would tell you FX is about a 3.5% to 4% headwind, acquisitions is about a 3% to 4% tailwind, and so it’s really roughly 6% to 7% organic growth is what we’re forecasting in the second half, and good visibility on the systems side. Your question about supply chain constraints, and look, it is a dynamic environment, it requires us to get the material and be able to ship it, but we’ve been quite successful, I think, in delivering growth over the past five quarters, averaging greater than double digit organic growth, so I’m optimistic that we will be able to deliver that here in Q4.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, quite simply there’s a lot of things going on there, and one of them also is the top line growth. I mean, this is a record sales quarter for this segment, and so as you think about driving that growth, you get that natural leverage as well, and so it’s not just the profitability, it’s also the growth that that’s delivering - I mean, 11% organic growth in the quarter despite all these challenges. 
Joseph Kelley: Well you see on the capex side in this business, we are making investments to expand capacity where needed to support this growth, particularly in the electronics space and then the medical space, which we’ve highlighted as the high growth areas. You see we spend--you know, although it’s a small number percentage speaking, but it is an increase, and $24 million on capex year-to-date, and so we continue to add capacity where needed, although it continues to be capital-light. 
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would--you know, you are correct at a high level, although I would tell you the disparity between parts and systems is not that great, but you are correct at a high level. I would tell you there’s a couple things offsetting that. Perhaps as you go into Q4, as you think about Q4, one is the sales volume leverage, and then two is the price-cost realization. I think that will improve sequentially from our Q2, so as we think about going from Q1 to Q2 improved, Q2 to the back half, that should also improve. Then I would also tell you, Walt, within the systems business, that’s a big bucket, there is opportunities for mix within that, and when you think about the mix within the systems business, there is opportunity for that to be favorable, so I wouldn’t necessarily think about margin degradation as we go into Q4.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would tell you price was a component of that 3%, but there was also unit growth as well. It wasn’t simply price. Price wasn’t the full 3%.
Joseph Kelley: Correct, so the currency headwind in this segment was 4%, and that was greater than that in the ATS segment due to the large European business that we have here. But specifically looking at the organic piece, I would tell you there was volume growth in there. That’s not just all price.
