 Sundaram Nagarajan: A couple of things. What we will tell you is the demand or shipments for ATS in the quarter was as expected, weaker as we had expected. But the order entry has not picked up, as we had hoped. The inflection in order entry is sort of the precursor to having shipments in the following quarters. So that is really what has happened in our thinking, is that this cycle inflects maybe a quarter later than what we had hoped.  But a couple of other things I will add to this that is really important to keep in mind. First and foremost, in the back half of the year, clearly comps get much easier for the business. Second thing I would also note, we have backlog, which have expected customer shipments, customer designated shipments in the second half. And then the third thing I would note for you is that we are beginning to see in a very small way in some niche businesses where we supply UV lamps to some front end semiconductor manufacturing customers. Order entry is very nicely up when compared to last year. It is a small part of the business, but it's a good early indicator.  In a same way, if you think about our electronic adhesives packaging businesses where we sell the barrels, we also see some pickup in business there, order entry and shipment. So a couple of early indicators.  And finally, what I will tell you is that our opportunity pipeline for projects with conversations with customers still remain robust. Nothing really has been shelved or put away.  So order entry has not turned yet. That is probably the takeaway you can have. But we have enough evidence in the business to feel strongly about how second half plays out for this business. So maybe I'll stop there.
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: In terms of the test and inspection, we have had some very robust growth in the last – the cycle and, past, our dispense business. So, what you're really seeing is some strong comparisons that are difficult to keep up with.  What I would tell you and what has been our experience is that the test and inspection business cyclicality is much more muted when compared to our dispense business. That is a distinct difference. But, yes, it does go through a cycle and comps are also in its way.
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: MFS has returned to growth. And to your question about do we see any structural changes in our own position or the landscape? The answer is no. If you look at our medical interventional business, it is growing double digits, continues to grow double digits. And we expect this business to continue to grow high single-digits.  What you have in MFS is this medical fluid components which had the biopharma exposure, last year was a significant decline, right? And so, that significant decline essentially put MFS in a negative growth last year. But that is anniversaried.  And so, what we are beginning to see is a modest pickup in order entry in this business, not from biopharma, but from other end markets this business serves. We serve patient care, we serve surgical applications, and we see pretty good order entry there. And so, that is what you're seeing in terms of – over time, what you're going to find is, have MFS return to high single-digits.  And you have the fluid solutions business in there as well, which has a broad diversified exposure beyond medical. And so, that business is also tied a little bit to electronics and we're beginning to see some pick-up there.
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: IPS, steady. Order entry has steadied pretty good. But, look, we've been growing in this business for 11 out of 13 quarters. I mean, pretty remarkable growth. So, order entry is normalized. What we mean is that order entry patterns are similar to pre-COVID. That's what we mean by that.  What we also see is that you have strong backlog in big system business like our industrial coatings product line and our polymer process product line. That will essentially help us get through this year. And then it is good to remember ARAG is in this segment and is going to contribute 5% to our organic growth this year. So we feel really good about IPS.  So the way to think about it – if I were to summarize the two questions, one from Matt and from you, I will tell you, IPS steady, RI contributing 5% to the growth, MFS return to growth, pretty nice growth. And then ATS, we are expecting that we will start to recover in the fourth quarter of this year. So if you put all of that together, that is sort of what we have in terms of at the midpoint about 5% revenue growth in the top line.
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: If you look at our backlog, as we have noted in our release as well as in our conversations, $750 million, it is higher than where we normally would run for this size of a business. A historic normalized level will be about $600 million to $650 million, something like that.  Order entry in most of the businesses have returned to normal order patterns. What we mean by that is we don't have any anxiety in the customer order patterns, right? So, if you go back even four quarters ago, you still had people – might be still concerned about supply chain constraints, and that doesn't exist anymore.  So I would say vast majority of our businesses, order entry has gotten to its historical levels, and the organic growth are based on those order entry rates.
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: Mike, that was on ARAG, right? On ARAG, I'll make couple of broad comments. Hopefully, I will answer the questions because I had little trouble hearing you completely. So if I don't answer all of your questions, please do follow up.  Integration is going very well. Great technology, great team, contributed to sales and the EBITDA margins. The differentiation of their product categories and the resulting gross margins all confirmed during our ownership of the business here. So, pretty excited about the business, how that is integrating. All is well from that point of view.  We also expect that ARAG to contribute 5%. There is no change there. A couple of things to remember about this business. Approximately 45% of the revenue is aftermarket parts in this business, right? So many of these parts are short life replacement cycle businesses, like nozzles that need to undergo more periodic replacement.  If you think about it, they sell mostly critical, low class components for their customers, which drive efficiency and reduce usage of material, costly fluids like fertilizers and chemicals.  And then the next point to remember about this business is we're not tied to people selling tractors. We're tied to folks that manufacture implements, implements that are used to spray, implements that are used to plant. And so, from that perspective, even when you defer a large CapEx spend, you definitely try to update and continuously able to have better implements, so that you can deliver on productivity and efficiency for an individual farmer or a farm organization.  We expect the business to be accretive on EBITDA to Nordson and slightly accretive to EPS when you exclude amortization. So, hopefully, that gave you a broad overview of that.
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: Europe is – the market is down. It does impact us a little bit, but not to the same extent as an implement – a big tractor manufacturer or an implement manufacturer since we are selling components. So it does have an impact, but not to the same extent, as you've heard in the Street around 15%, 20%. That's not what we're seeing in the business. 
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: Probably two interrelated items that you mentioned, Andrew. First on the UV and the electronic packaging barrels, that's happening right now. They are smaller parts of the company, but they're very good early indicators because they serve – so if you think about an electronic manufacturer or a finished device manufacturer, you're going to pick up the slack by increasing your manufacturing consumables, right? You're not buying new lines, but you're increasing the usage of your existing lines. And so, you would normally see that in our consumable barrels, packaging businesses. That's what you're seeing. And we're seeing it right now.  On the UV light is the same way. We sell to people who make equipment that goes in the front end of the semiconductor, again, a small business, but a good early indicator that that our customers, who essentially play in the front end of the market, and Nordson doesn't play much there, it's a new opportunity for us, but it is early for us. So those two early indicators, that's what I meant by that.  In terms of our backlog, in couple of our test and inspection businesses, we have customer orders in place for shipments in third and fourth quarter. That is in our backlog. So, those are system backlog that is in the business that gives us confidence for a portion of the third and the fourth quarter shipments. And we do still expect order entry to pick up to fully deliver on the ATS expectations we have.
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: Think of Ascend and NBS Next as a growth framework, rather than a cost play.  In terms of where we are – look, when you sort of implement and deploy a growth framework across a company, think about – this was all organically put together and built within the company. So three years, in my opinion, is still early innings. So what you're trying to do – NBS Next is now becoming the way we run the company, operate the company. So you're just beginning to see the benefits of the strategy being effective.  So in terms of – if you think about where are we at in terms of each of our divisions using it, I would say, three or four divisions delivering what we call leadership level performance. These are very specific metrics of quality, on time delivery, new product, vitality, customer growth, employee engagement. So there are five metrics within the company, I would say, and we call them leadership level performance. We have about four of our divisions at leadership level in most of those metrics. We have six or seven very closely following.  So what you're beginning to see is the impact of NBS Next and the Ascend strategy that is beginning to show up in our business. And IPS is a great example of that. These were some of the – a couple of the big divisions in IPS were the first places where we implemented the strategy and you can begin to see the performance on the organic growth side.  So, our expectation is we're focused on growing the company organically, innovation, top customer growth. Clearly, we will have solid incrementals. Our expectation on organic growth is 40%. So by virtue of that, you're going to see some margin expansion, but that's not where we start.
﻿ Sundaram Nagarajan: I think the way to think about it is, rather than giving you an exact timing, let me tell you what we fundamentally believe about this business. You're right, the destocking has come to a place where it is pretty much at the bottom of the cycle at a lower demand level, for sure. And that's what we're seeing in our businesses.  As we talk to our customers in general what we are talking about is for specific components they buy from us, what is their current inventory level. That is a better indicator of their future orders. And we are at that point where people are ordering – their ordering pattern has changed. That is one thing that we see in this.  In the past, like other medical device manufacturing space is by – most of our biopharma customers will place blanket orders. That has changed. We no longer get blanket orders. Instead we get more regular book and ship kind of business. So that has changed.  So, we're still working through this. But the more interesting part is we have some pretty nice growth in patient care. We have some pretty good growth in surgical applications, and so that's where we're beginning to see some pretty good order entry and pretty good shipment.  Nothing about biopharma has fundamentally changed. Single use plastics, transition from stainless steel to plastic, increased amount of biopharmaceuticals, all long term trends still intact, still favorable for the business. I'd love to be able to tell you when exactly this inflects. I just don't know.
Stephen Shamrock: And maybe another data point I'd add to there as well, just to Naga's comments, if you think about the backlog, we consumed about $200 million last year for the full year as we transitioned more to a normalized environment. And in Q1, we consumed about $50 million. So, we're still on that, I'll say, normalized pace.
Stephen Shamrock: What I would tell you, as I think about the second quarter and the guidance we gave, and the timing of the Chinese New Year, I'd say, is roughly about a $10 million to $15 million impact. That's what we're seeing.  And if you really think about that, right, the guidance that we gave for the second quarter here at the midpoint, we've got sales growth of 1%, which would imply negative organic growth of 4%. Again, we're still expecting ARAG to contribute 5% and FX to be neutral.  If you think about that, that's about – half of that negative organic growth is coming from the Chinese New Year. Obviously, we had the opposite effect in Q1 as well, right? So even on a quarter-to-quarter basis, the organic growth rates in Q2 is not as bad on the surface as they look based on that.
Stephen Shamrock: I'll start with that from that perspective. If you look at the second quarter guide there, right, what I would tell you is what, you're what you're not seeing, again, is the weakness in electronics end market that's also weighing down the second quarter as well in the ATS segment. So, from that perspective, if I think about the second half, as Naga referenced earlier, the comps should get easier for sure from an ATS perspective, particularly with the expected pickup in the fourth quarter. So I think that's what gives us confidence there if we talk about seasonality and how that works from quarter to quarter, at least with respect to ATS.
Stephen Shamrock: Jeff, I would tell you that most of that impact is concentrated in the IPS segment and to a lesser degree in ATS.
