Jeff Bertelsen: Thanks, Subodh. Our gross margin percentage in the first quarter of 2022 was 47.8%, up slightly from 47.3% in the first quarter of 2021, but down from 49.6% in the fourth quarter of 2021. The year-over-year improvement in gross margin percentage stemmed from a slightly better sales mix and related gross margins on inspection and metrology systems sales. A slight sequential quarterly decline, which was previously anticipated and in line with our expectations heading into the quarter was mainly attributable to lower price points on SQ3000 system sales. Our gross margin percentage for the second quarter of 2022 is expected to be down about 1 percentage point from this year’s first quarter level, mainly due to revenue mix. Total operating expenses in the first quarter of 2022 increased 15% year-over-year to $7.6 million. The increase was due to higher third-party channel commissions resulting from the significantly higher year-over-year sales, along with higher compensation costs for new employees and higher spending for trade shows. Depreciation and amortization expense totaled $569,000 in the first quarter of 2022, and stock compensation expense came to $353,000. Total operating expenses in the second quarter of 2022 are forecasted to increase by a few percentage points on a sequential quarterly basis. Our effective income tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 was 11% and was favorably impacted by an increase in the amount of income eligible for FDII and GILTI benefits due to a change in U.S. tax law requiring capitalization and subsequent amortization of R&D expenses. While the change is expected to have a favorable impact on our effective tax rate in 2022, it will most likely increase the amount of cash we expend for income taxes, particularly in 2023 and later years. Cash and marketable securities totaled $38.2 million at the end of this year’s first quarter, down slightly from $38.3 million at December 31, 2021 and up from $32.3 million at the end of the first quarter of 2021. Given tight supply chains and extended lead times for certain key components needed to manufacture our products, we have deemed it prudent to keep additional inventories on hand, so we can meet anticipated customer demand, particularly SQ systems for mini-LED related applications. These extra inventories will be worked down to more normal levels as we progress through this year. I should also emphasize that to-date, part shortages and shipping delays have not had a significant impact on our business. And at this time, we do not anticipate a major impact going forward. We believe our capital resources are adequate for achieving our growth objectives. Our lineup of MRS-enabled sensors and systems and WaferSense semiconductor products are enabling us to capitalize upon important growth opportunities in our targeted markets. Our progress at penetrating our markets make us believe that 2022 is shaping up as another good year for CyberOptics. Thank you. We would now be happy to take your questions.
Jeff Bertelsen: Yes, so of the $5.9 million, $5.3 million of it is 3D. There’s a little bit of 2D in it, but it’s virtually all 3D. And then in terms of right now how we kind of see that laying out through the balance of the year, certainly, we’re expecting $1 million in Q2. Right now, just using round numbers, I’m anticipating $3 million done in Q3 and then the balance in Q4. As we get closer to the end of the second quarter, there’s a chance that the $2 million in Q4 could move into Q3, but we’ll know more about that in the next few months.
Jeff Bertelsen: Yes. That particular shipment right now, what we’re anticipating is it will ship in the second quarter as Subodh said, and just given the customer acceptance on it mentally, we’re assuming it will become revenue in Q3.
Jeff Bertelsen: I mean there is – we aren’t anticipating any new orders for Q2 for mini-LED in our Q2 guidance. There’s a little bit of backlog left, and we’re anticipating that. But no large orders are included in the guidance.
Jeff Bertelsen: I mean we don’t necessarily have great visibility, Eric. The customers don’t go into a lot of details regarding their plans. So they do tend to show up when they show up.
Jeff Bertelsen: Sure. It’s possible. I mean if we get an unanticipated order, as you said, later in the quarter, I mean it’s possible. But again, we’re not including anything or necessarily expecting anything in our guidance.
Jeff Bertelsen: Yes. I think as we’ve said, as the year progresses, I think we’ll get some more orders for that. And so yes, it’s certainly – over time, we certainly would see that business increasing as we continue to show the product and do more evaluations with customers, we anticipate more orders going forward.
Subodh Kulkarni: Sure. We play both in the semiconductor as well as in the electronics manufacturing market. On a total basis, this market continues to be very healthy and growing in solid double-digits right now. The growth rate seems to be a little bit, getting to be a little bit slower than 2021. I mean 2021 was a great year for semiconductors and electronics and the reports say that the total market grew 20% to 25% in 2021. At this point, it looks like the growth rate will slow down a little bit from 2021 rates, but still very healthy, solid double-digit kind of a growth rate. Similarly, in 2020 – people are starting to – analysts are starting to project what will happen in 2023. Again, the growth rate is expected to slow down a little bit, but continue to be solid positive numbers. So China, clearly – and COVID issues in East Asia clearly are impacting all these numbers, that’s why some slowdown is starting to happen. But despite all the factors, COVID factors, the geopolitical factors, the Russia/Ukraine war situation, the industry – overall industry semi and electronic pertains to be extremely healthy. Demand continues to be strong, and the markets continue to grow at a solid double-digit clip. So that’s the overall macro backdrop commentary, if you will, from our perspective. Within that, we continue to do well. As you can clearly see our Q1, we had a great growth rate of 37%. We continue to believe we will grow solid double-digits through the rest of the year. So we feel pretty good about our position, our technologies, our products, in a healthy macro climate right now.
Subodh Kulkarni: There is some risk. I mean, clearly, the COVID situation in China, the chip shortage in – worldwide, and there are some specific chips that are needed for mini-LED applications. So some of those external factors may impact the scale-up rate. But directionally, we are pretty confident the scale-up is going on of different products. Different consumer electronics companies are getting into the market. So exactly as we have been predicting, mini-LED will continue to grow. Exactly which quarter and how many systems that’s stuff to forecast, so it is possible given what’s going around. There may be a few months delay. But overall, we feel pretty good that the mini-LED market will continue to grow at a healthy run rate, and we will continue to benefit from that by selling SQ systems in that marketplace.
Subodh Kulkarni: So Orin, if I understand your question right, you’re asking about the China lockdown and how does that impact the mini-LED overall business.
Subodh Kulkarni: That’s okay. So indeed, China lockdown unpredictability of how the lockdowns are being done is impacting how the scale up is happening in China because as of today, most of the manufacturing lines that are making mini-LED display are in China. So these lockdowns are impacting current production as well as investment plans. So it is a little uncertain on how things will go from here given the uncertain nature of their lockdowns. There’s also another impact, which is – there are some custom chips that are needed for mini-LED displays and those chips are in short supply. So it’s a combination of the China COVID lockdowns, and chip supply that are impacting scale of mini LED. Having said that, we still think it will continue to scale up. As I mentioned in the earlier question, there may be a delay of one month or two or three here, but nothing fundamentally changes. Mini-LED will continue to get scaled up, and we still feel pretty confident that the business will be a solid growth generator for us in 2022 and beyond.
Subodh Kulkarni: There are multiple customers who are getting involved in mini-LED right now. It’s no longer just a single customer situation. And there are many projects that are going on. Many of them are in China, and that’s why the lockdowns and what happens is important. But there are other countries that are starting to get into mini-LED as well. So it’s no longer a one customer, one country situation. Certainly, China is important and the primary, the consumer electronics company that started scaling up mini-LED is very important. But it is beginning to become more of an ecosystem now with more companies, more applications, more products. So we certainly expect growth to come from various different areas.
Subodh Kulkarni: We actually, as we have prior – previously disclosed, we have shipped many LED-related SQ systems to multiple customers. And some of them – many of them are contract manufacturers who service more than one or – consumer electronics companies. So yes, we are shipping mini-LED related equipped to multiple applications, multiple customers right now.
Subodh Kulkarni: Well, they do have multiple customers. We are just not sure of the ratio of one customer to the other customer. They don’t disclose those details.
Subodh Kulkarni: But if you just do a research on mini-LED, micro LED right now, you can get a list of all the different kinds of projects that are going around in the world with mini and micro LED, and you will see a list of consumer electronics companies. And you may even see a list of contract manufacturers that support these consumer electronic companies. So the ecosystem is becoming broader than just a single customer and a couple of contract manufacturers.
Subodh Kulkarni: So as we have disclosed before, we have two major customers right now for our WX system. One is we are servicing through our Chinese system integrator. So we actually sell only sensor and software in that case. The other major IDM, we sell the whole WX system. And so we have two customers we are servicing as of right now. We are talking to multiple other customers for WX. These are long evaluation processes take a long time for selection. They have to make sure that they go through all their analysis, and sometimes it takes months, if not quarters for them to come to that conclusion. As I mentioned before, in the semiconductor area, there is a significant concentration of customers. So there’s, only 30 to 40 customers that matter in this space once you go beyond that the market will be very small. So every win is a big win, but it takes a long time to win. But right now, we feel pretty good about the two wins we have, and one of them has started scaling up aggressively. So we are scaling up multiple systems right now. The other one we still have to ship our first system, but we expect them to start selling getting – buying more once they are happy with the performance. And we are talking to more. So we are pretty confident we’ll get a couple more by the end of this year. But it does take a long time to go through their evaluation processes and qualifications.
Subodh Kulkarni: It is sometime in this quarter. Frankly, it would have happened had it not been for the lockdowns in China that does impact because we are building the final system in China right now, and the lockdowns did impact us in getting the product built and shipped, but it should still happen this quarter. So long as the lockdowns become a little more reasonable.
Subodh Kulkarni: Could be shorter but our experience suggests that it will be in the order of six months or so. They will thoroughly test the system in their production environment for the rest of this year, effectively before they issue multiple orders for the next system.
Subodh Kulkarni: Absolutely, we continue to work with the third large memory manufacturer. They are a customer of ours for our SQ systems. So they know us pretty well and they are our customer of ours for WaferSense. So they know us pretty well. But so far, we have not been able to convince them to start buying our MX systems yet.
Subodh Kulkarni: Well, it’s a little more complex than that, Eric. I mean, the mini-LEDs themselves are made different kinds of fabs. Right now most of them are in Asia, then the transport process of the mini-LED from your semiconductor substrates to whatever substrate you want to use, whether it’s plastic or glass, that’s where we get involved. And certainly as you mentioned, could we get so far with that big sort of system plays and that we certainly with our SQ system play in it. There are a few other companies like the ones who make ovens and pick-and-place machines and other things that play in it as well. Then there’s the whole final packaging process that makes the finish display. There are a few other companies that will get involved in it. So it’s a little more complex than just one or two companies making the whole manufacturing lot.
Subodh Kulkarni: Well actually, we are both upstream and downstream. I mean we – there are – as we have discussed in the past, we have – there are six steps of inspection in that mini-LED is transferred to whatever substrate of choice. And there is a step – there’s a couple of steps actually incoming inspection and solder pad inspections that happened before the pick-and-place operation happens, in click and so far six other system or some other pick-and-place system. So couple of our inspections happens before the pick-and-place and the other four inspection steps happen after the pick-and-place. So we have both upstream and downstream.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks. Thank you all for your questions and interest. We look forward to updating you after our results in Q2. Thanks again.
