Joseph P. Kelley: Yeah so, Matt this is Joe. Let me just take that. Typically, I would tell you entering backlog we have less than 100% of quarterly sales entering any given quarter. And so it'll trend, I don’t know, let’s just say in the 80% range of the quarterly -- upcoming quarterly sales and we clearly see that changing as the customer requested delivery date is out further and further. So customers are just placing orders further in advance. And so if you look at our quarterly sales going forward and our implied guidance, it would suggest that the midpoint is about 600 million and our backlog entering the year is about -- entering the quarter is about 700 million. So it has elongated. It depends on the systems businesses versus parts and different for each business but some of them are going out into Q2 of 2022. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. Maybe if I could, on the gross margin in Q2 we did 57% and when you think about our gross margin, we used to operate in the range, I would say between 53% and 55%. Given the divestiture of the Screw and Barrel product line, that has systematically I would tell you moved our gross margin and top margin profile up probably 175 basis points. And so now I think the new normal from a gross margin standpoint works in the range of 55% to 57% and you see that was sustainable to Q2 and in Q3. When you think about the sequential Q3 to Q4 and you look at our guidance and more specifically, I guess if you look at the second half of 2021 Jeff, forecasted performance, you need to understand that approximately $25 million worth of system orders were pulled forward from our scheduled Q4 shipments into Q3 based on customer request. This was primarily in the industrial end market and primarily NIPS. Therefore, the guidance range implies Q4 performance would actually be comparable to Q3 if you adjust both quarters for the $25 million sales pull forward. Again, this was -- full forward was request of the customer and as Naga mentioned, proud of our teams despite some of the supply chain issues, ability to meet the customer's request and demand and pull that forward.  It is also of noteworthy, I guess if you exclude that $25 million from Q3, it would still have been a record breaking quarter, $30 million North of the prior quarterly record. The sequential swing, we tried to point this out to investors by talking to the second half performance that the 14% growth in revenue and 47% growth in earnings at the midpoint. I would tell you the other noteworthy point when you look Q3 to Q4 and you look at the year-over-year growth rates is the 4%tailwind that we had in Q3, that starts to moderate when you look at the year-over-year growth rate in Q4 to about 1% and again that's just given the movement and exchange rates last year, Q3 to Q4. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. I would tell you seasonality is evolving. When you think about our end market exposure and our particular applications, I don't -- we have studied the numbers on the quarter, I don't know what is the normal seasonality anymore. I mean, if you take, for example, our customers behavior on the industrial side pulling in shipments into Q3 when typically, Q4 was our strongest quarter and look at our implied guidance that suggest that Q4 is going to be down through Q3 because of that. So, I don't know that given our electronics exposure has changed in terms of applications with the semiconductor cycle, our medical business, the biopharma has been strong as the elective surgeries come back and the interventional side starts to return to growth. Our normal seasonality as I would say really challenged to make that statement anymore. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes, I would tell you we track order cancellation very closely and we do not see an uptick in that whatsoever. So, I think we monitor that risk, but to date that risk is very low. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. We don't give backlog guidance on a segment specific basis, but you can interpret our performance year-to-date has been quite broad based. I mean, you see both segments growing approximately 20% organically in the quarter and broad based in terms of geography and end markets and division. So we're not going to start giving backlog in segments. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So within the segments, I think, particularly let's just take one segment at a time, ATS we do see some favorable mix. And I really think it's not to your point at the division level, but it is almost within the division. So, if you think about NBS Next it is being implemented at the division level, so even the relatively low margin businesses and divisions within that are seeing nice improvement in their profitability, in their gross margin, which is driving the favorable mix within the divisions. So it's funny that at ATS within -- at the division level, the mix is actually unfavorable, but it was favorable within each of the divisions such that the end result was most favorable for the segment. And so, I think that -- NBS Next being applied within the division where you're looking at specific applications. I mean, not to mention, within IPS some of the liquid coating opportunities is clearly a favorable mix expansion. Within IPS, you see a very similar story and particularly, I mean, you had strong growth in the systems over the parts within IPS, but yet the margins improved beyond that of the mix benefit that we got from the divestiture of Screw and Barrel business. But if you look at the IPS business, that divestiture alone is probably worth 350 basis points of margin expansion but they're expanding beyond that due to the favorable mix, I would tell you within the divisions. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So, you are correct, the margin is coming in about 16% to 17% EBITDA margins and we see opportunities under our ownership and the execution of NBS Next to get margin expansion over the next I would say, couple of years similar to what you see on the core Nordson business as we roll out NBS Next. 
Joseph P. Kelley: So with the 55% growth as favorable incremental margin, so it's the growth that drives the margin expansion. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So, just my comment it was holistically there was about 25 million both from Q4 into Q3 predominantly systems and predominantly, I would say, IPS. And so to Naga’s point and your point, it was impressive our team being able to meet that customer request, those customer requests. But from a margin standpoint, you build these systems over time. It shouldn't have huge -- our incremental’s are what they are and we're still going to deliver growth in Q4 if you take the midpoint of our guidance. And the sequential comment really Walt it is just Q3 to Q4 for Nordson when you level out and adjust that 25 million and take it out of Q3 into Q4. But Q4 on an adjusted basis, we would be relatively flat. And so it's just that swing in the systems, which is driving the sequential drop. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yeah, that is changing it a little bit, but not to the degree, I think it was historically. And so, I would tell you we're thinking about margins for Q4 at the gross margin line to be comparable with our new run rate that we saw in Q2 of 57%, 56.5% here in Q3. So, we feel confident to operate in the 55% to 57% gross margin range as the level of call it 600 million to 650 million in sales. 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yeah. It's really project by project. I would tell you division by division. We are experiencing as Naga touched on some supply chain challenges, some logistics challenges, but we are laser focused on managing the gross margins of this business. And we're also I would tell you looking out over the long-term as it relates to our customer relationships and in our position I think that bodes well for us. When we entered this pandemic in terms of strengthening what's important to Nordson is that intimate customer direct sales model. And as we work through these challenging times remaining focused on the gross margin and capturing the value we provide but also protecting the long-term relationship with our customer. So, that's how we I would tell you look at that pricing. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Matt, this is Naga. Let me take that one. Yes, we are experiencing some but not significant. Freight especially, our international shipments sometimes seems to get pushed out but what we have experienced in the third quarter really is customers pulling orders forward. And what is impressive is you can see team even in a very difficult environment being able to manage its shipments as customers requested. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, Matt I would say, it is a dynamic environment, it is not getting any worse but it's not getting any better either. But I will tell you that the Nordson team is fully participating in this recovery under some challenging environments but doing an excellent job. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: I would say what you're seeing is broad based strong order patterns across end markets, across regions. And are there some cases where people are trying to get in front of the line or ahead of the line, proactively yes. But quite frankly, if you think about the kind of end markets we play in and look at all the secular drivers for them, I'd tell you we are very pleased with the momentum that we are seeing. For example, in our medical business if you think about our fluid component business with biopharma, just not vaccine, but biopharma in general, we see some pretty strong order rates that is embedded and it is leading the secular growth drivers and biopharma really going well for us. And if you think about interventional solutions in the medical side, what you will find there is our aging population single use components, all of those drivers still intact. Selective surgeries or some might have unfortunately have started calling it as elective surgeries have come back, but that remains little bit fluid, but we feel really good about the recovery we are seeing in our medical businesses.  On our electronic businesses, we are at a beginning of a really nice growth cycle here. You hear about ship shortages and you can -- all of those read their headlines around the big investments that major semiconductor manufacturers are making and Nordson is participating nicely in it. We've got a couple of new products that are entering the market both on testing inspection and our dispense business. So, industrial CAPEX is pretty robust. Might you say that might moderate over time, I would say yes, that might do that. On the packaging side, under consumer nondurables, really very strong move towards eating at home rather than out at a restaurant. Might that continue, we're seeing a lot of activity in packaged goods, packaged beverages. Our teams are starting to call them from keg to can and we have more people using cans. So we see a lot of containment businesses that are going well for us. Hopefully this is enough color Allison. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. No, I'm incredibly proud of the execution of the team. This is not ordinary times or environment that we're operating in. But we are using NBS Next in our businesses to meet this incredible demand and it plays out in many different ways in multiple businesses across the company. NBS Next fundamentally is all about making choices to drive growth. And what you begin to see is for example, in some of our businesses understanding what are your greatest growth opportunities and disproportionately investing in them is one way it shows up in this great execution. You see our team standardizing product offering, reducing complexity, streamlining and dedicating products to the most important products in the business, prioritizing our best growth opportunities, our best customers. So lots of different ways, be it quality, be it manufacturing capacity, be it conversion cost, be it selecting the right end markets to choose to play, and also treating very differently unattractive opportunities in the business is really how this is playing out. I am really happy about the progress we are making and I wouldn't say I'm surprised, but I am excited about the fact that the teams are doing one heck of a job, really converting orders to shipments, shipments to profitable growth for all of us. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, in this business historically, they have underperformed in terms of growth versus where they should really be growing because we play in the same end markets as these businesses. So we fundamentally see an application of NBS Next in this to understand what are the best growth opportunities for them and invest this disproportionately in those two dry clothes. This would most likely be I would say mid-single-digits is sort of our growth expectation for this business and we feel really good about it. Their performance in the year is looking really good. Suddenly we don’t talk about specific product lines and how they perform but we feel really good about it. But what I would tell you about this business that we really like, it is strategically similar to lot of notes in businesses. It has got a customer centric business model. I would direct sales model, global sales and service support, large installed base, lot of similarities to some of our consumer non-durable businesses. It has a very strong suite of differentiated products and you see that in Nordson like gross margins. So we're looking forward to welcoming this team, using NBS Next, understanding the growth initiatives, and really for us this is a pretty strong place to be. You know, we do clearly see a patch for the margins to expand north of 20% EBITDA. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. M&A we clearly remained focused. As everybody would tell you, M&A landscape has improved, banker activity certainly have expanded and accelerated this year when compared to last year. We remain focused though. We are very focused around continuing to scale up our medical businesses. We see a lot of opportunities there. We will continue to stay focused there. Test and inspection as NDC will illustrate for you is an area we continue to diversify, getting into new markets, getting to new technologies. Our dress  inspection kind of today is very electronic centered. With NDC you can begin to see us move beyond electronics and that’s really what you would see. So we see opportunities there. And finally, we have an internal team that continues to explore opportunities on precision technologies that are very adjacent to what we do today. Just as a reminder, we are laser focused on strategic criteria to play in attractive end markets that have real good growth profile to them. Precision technology suite of products and have a customer centric business model.  On the financial side, clearly, we are looking for assets that can add to our organic growth ambitions. We would Nordson like gross margins, that's really critical for us. For us gross margin equals differentiation is the way to think about it. That's how we think about it within the company. And on EBITDA our expectations as we said in our Investor Day, approximately 20%. Would we do deals below that, yes and would we do deals above that, but we're looking for clear margin expansion opportunities and all this results in a fairly decent otherwise greater than our cost of capital over three to five years. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Jeff, thank you. On elective surgeries, in the third quarter we did really well and it was trending nicely. Now without a variant, might you expect that to take back down, that is possible. But I fully expect that what had happened last year as we talked all of last year, as -- our surgeries, like our teams would describe a more selective not elective, right. If you need to get a heart valve replacement you have to get a heart valve replacement, it is just a matter of time. So you could get it postponed, but you couldn’t get it cancelled, right. I guess, it's something when that happens then that could happen, but that's not what you're hoping for.  So what we do see and what we experienced in the third quarter is a nice recovery. We saw that business really get back to high single digits in the quarter, and that was really nice to see. Going into fourth quarter, we're trying to be cautious here but we don't see it grow all the way back like last year. I do think it will be little bit lower, but we fully expect medical to recover completely because all of the growth factors that we play towards are on aging population, all of this is going to be intact for us, and it is a great business that is already returning to normal. Will there be bumps in the road, yes absolutely. Given the delta variant, you could have few bumps in the road. Hopefully, that gives you -- answers your question. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think what I would add is just look at the unprecedented investments that are going on in industrial CAPEX, that is one that I would really point to as one of the big drivers in what you've seen in our IPS business. What you would also see in our electronics APS business is this real strong, semi-investments and a particularly strong consumer electronic demand for what is turning out to be a digital economy. So, the macro drivers are pretty strong that we feel really good about what we are seeing in terms of demand for some of our precision technologies. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, we generally tone down -- we have some really strong competitors, but you know the business of course have followed us for a long period of time. In our consumer non-durable businesses, we really are very -- in a little bit significant position with being a global competitor, right. So, a lot of our businesses what you see us being is this global competitor that can be relied upon for good times and bad times and can be relied upon for global support for customers applications and service and sales, right. And so what we've seen come through in this environment is that value proposition getting strengthened even further as others will have some hiccups here or there, are not able to make commitments, Nordson team is there supporting our customers and really in a lot of ways strengthens our value proposition and reaffirms for the customer why you want to work with Nordson, not only because you're going to get precision technologies, you're going to get reliable support that is going to be global in nature. And then that's -- if anything it just reaffirms our strong value proposition. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our industrial business, strong investments, a couple of areas I would point out for you. We have applied NBS Next in all of our businesses to really understand what are the best growth opportunities, where is it we want to focus on and how do we treat some positions that are in inherently unattractive. And so the net result of all of this is we find some real strong growth in container for example. So we talked about beverage cans and Nordson has a very strong position and a very attractive position technology suite that supplies people who make beverage cans. And you coat the inside of a beverage can and that's an example of what you see in this whole consumer shift on how they eat and consume beverages and food. So we are benefiting there. We're also beginning to see in our powder business this broad based industrial activity that is leading to investments on paint lines and things like that. So we're doing well there. Our packaging on the industrial, adhesive is doing an extremely well as well. So hopefully, that gives you a couple of different points. Some of this is certainly broad based but where we are pretty pleased with how the team is fully participating in the recovery that is going on. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Another point I guess, which is also helping is we've had some nice success both in IPS and in ATS with our new product launches. The Pro Blue flex and Advantage continued to gain traction. And I would tell you that is helping us from a top line perspective as well as the mix standpoint. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: But the main opportunity here is to use NBS Next to identify the best growth opportunities, to invest in them disproportionately, and really grow the company and margin expansion will follow. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Walt, one thing I would add to it is given our gross margins, the material cost in our business is fairly small when compared to other companies. We had a value added assembler of components. We don't have big process component to our business. So, to the extent that we need to increase prices in certain areas, we have done that, we will continue to do that. But in general this is not a huge, significant, material issue for us. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. From our travel perspective, we continue to remain safe but we can’t continue to just stay in the bunkers, right. So Joe and I are being very cautious on how we travel, where we travel, but we are going to continue to travel in a very limited basis. If this thing didn’t exist, would we be in more businesses than we are today, absolutely yes. But, so trying to find the right balance in terms of being safe as well as building in the businesses with our team, which is really where all of the action is going on. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. It is by request of the customers and it is in region? We're not -- we do have some thoughts around trying to balance safety as well as trying to help our customers meet their business needs. So it is still decided by senior leaders in the company who travels, where we travel. We have started going to some shows on a very limited basis. So the dynamic environment is doing an excellent job of taking prudent mentions to be safe yet make sure we're are taking care of customers. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you. I want to reiterate that Nordson is well positioned to benefit from the accelerating recovery and our precision technologies remain a critical solution to our customers through this cycle. Additionally, our leadership team is advancing the implementation of the Ascend strategy, which is establishing a growth framework, entrepreneurial organization, and a deep and diverse team to drive sustainable profitable growth. Thank you for your time and attention today. Have a great day. 
