Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2024 second quarter conference call. Before we begin, I would like to welcome Dan Hopgood, our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to Nordson. Dan started with us yesterday. He brings more than 25 years of financial and operational expertise to the CFO role. Prior to joining Nordson, he held roles of increasing responsibility at Eaton Corporation, a $23 billion multinational power management company. Most recently, he served as Eaton's Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. As I got to know Dan, I was impressed with his robust financial experience, his time as an operational leader and his passion for developing talent. Today, he will be listening in and we look forward to introducing him to all of you in the coming months starting at the KeyBanc Industrials and Basic Materials Conference in Boston next week. Now let's shift into our second quarter earnings results on Slide 5. At the outset, I would like to recognize the dedicated Nordson team, who have leveraged the NBS Next Growth Framework to deliver solid second quarter result. Sales of $651 million were within our second quarter guidance range. Growth was driven by the ARAG acquisition as well as strong performance in our Industrial Coatings and Fluid Solutions product lines, which offset continued weakness in our electronics product lines. In addition, our focus on top customers and differentiated products improved product mix. This focus and strategically adjusting costs led to improvements in gross margins and top quartile EBITDA margin of 31%. In the quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.34, which was at the top end of our EPS guidance for the quarter. Finally, I'd like to highlight our second quarter free cash flow of $108 million, which was 92% of net income. We continue to convert earnings into cash flow and use this cash flow to retire nearly $100 million of debt within the quarter. I'll speak more about the enterprise performance in a few moments, but first, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Steve. I also want to commend the business for delivering strong operating performance under a challenging demand environment in some of our segments. This is a testament to how NBS Next is becoming the way we run our business. I want to spend a few minutes talking about our end-markets and the changes we are seeing as we move into the second half of fiscal 2024. Starting with Industrial Precision Solutions segment. We continue to see steadiness in industrial and consumer non-durable end-markets. After two years of record growth, our full year guidance implies IPS excluding ARAG is about flat to slightly up versus prior year. And while the ARAG integration continues to go well, we cannot ignore the impact of weakening agriculture and market conditions. Despite the weakening of this particular agricultural cycle, which is causing customers to pause spending and work through inventory, we are undeterred in our belief that precision agriculture is a high growth end-market and this cycle is temporary in nature. Based on the past nine months of integration, we remain excited about ARAG's differentiated technology and value proposition that will help customers boost crop yields while sustainably reducing the expensive usage of fertilizers and chemicals. Within our Medical and Fluid Solutions Segment, we are continuing to see modest order entry pickup in our fluid components business, which is returning to growth following last year's biopharma destocking. Similarly, our fluid solutions product lines, which have exposure to the electronic cycle, are turning positive. Our medical interventional solution product lines, which grew double-digits in fiscal 2023, driven by the trends in minimally invasive therapies and the aging of population, we have tough comparisons in the second half of the year. In the ATS segment, we continue to see positive early indicators of the electronic cycle inflection, but we're not seeing order entry pickup that would support the implied ramp in our prior second half guidance, keeping in mind, the semiconductor sub-segment, Nordson applications are largely positioned at the back end of the manufacturing process with a focus on advanced packaging of semiconductor chips. Currently, investments are being made in the front end of the semiconductor manufacturing process related to fabrication and processing of silicon wafers. As production shifts towards converting the wafers to individual chips and advanced packaging of these chips, customers will invest in Nordson Electronics dispense and test and inspection technology. Overall, we will benefit from the increasing demand for chips in support of AI, automotive electronics, onshoring, CHIPS Act and more. While our test and inspection businesses are positioned to improve the yields and ensure quality of these critical and expensive CHIPS, our X-ray business, which experienced double-digit growth in fiscal 2023 is dealing with challenging comparisons in the second half of the year. Our ATS leaders continue to do an excellent job of implementing the NBS Next Growth Framework and positioning themselves for future growth. This includes positioning operations closer to the customer, introducing differentiated new products and making strategic cost adjustments. ATS ability to outperform their decremental targets again this quarter is a testament to this work. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 12. We enter the third quarter with approximately $700 million in backlog. This backlog remains concentrated in our systems businesses while customer order entry patterns have returned to historical norms in the rest of the businesses. Based on the current visibility I just shared and order entry trends, we are updating our previously issued full year revenue guidance in the range of flat to up 2% over record fiscal 2023. Full year fiscal 2024 earnings are forecasted to be in the range of down 5% to down 1% per diluted share. This full year guidance assumes a neutral impact from FX rates and the ARAG acquisition contributing approximately 3.5% growth at the midpoint of our guidance. Investors should keep in mind that we anniversary the acquisitive growth impact of ARAG in the fiscal fourth quarter. For the third quarter of fiscal 2024, sales are forecasted to be in the range of $645 million to $670 million with adjusted earnings in the range of $2.25 per diluted share to $2.40 per diluted share. Third quarter guidance considers weaker electronics and agriculture end-markets. Even as we face more challenging market conditions, Nordson's core strength remain a diversified portfolio close to the customer business model, high level of recurring revenue, NBS Next Growth Framework and a commitment to innovation. All of this positions Nordson well to deliver long-term Ascend Strategy goals. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support. With that, we will pause, and Steve and I will take your questions.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, let's get started with IPS. The guidance really -- maybe start with the first two big hits and then we'll go through the end-markets, Mike. So the first -- the two factors which you highlighted is that, we're not seeing the pickup in orders for electronic systems that we had expected with the implied second half ramp. So that's number one. Number two is the agriculture cycle is having a greater impact on ARAG than our own expectation. So timing is just -- there is not enough time here to achieve the ramp we had originally expected. In terms of end-markets, if you think about IPS non-ARAG, our expectation is going to be flat to slight growth following record two years. In terms of -- ARAG continues to contribute to the growth of the business. In terms of ATS, certainly the growths are below our long-term growth rates. We're not seeing the pickup as we talked about. In terms of Medical Fluid Solutions, our expectation is that our fluid components business will be slightly up. Our fluid solutions business would also be slightly up offset by tough comps on the interventional components. So in summary, you're going to have IPS flat to slightly up, ATS down, MFS returning to growth slightly.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. What I'll tell you is that, if you think about our fourth quarter is does not expect -- does not require electronics to come back, does not expect ARAG to come back. So if you think about those two stressed markets. But what is expected though is sequential continued improvement in both these markets. So we saw that in second quarter, both electronics, ATS is sequentially up. And so that's our expectation.
Sundaram Nagarajan: In general, this market is expected to be down this year. And we expect this turnaround sometime in '25, but we're not really giving any guidance on '25. So difficult to tell you exactly when that will happen. But our guidance does not imply any pickup in ag, agriculture markets this year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, you're right, Matt, in that, our expectations that this business would have been less muted because of the precision ag exposure, certainly did not play out the way our expectations were. But look, what is really important to remember is, we still like the technology. We like the people we have added to the organization. Certainly a very interesting end-market. If you look at expectations of some of the OEMs, the precision ag itself is down or expected to be down 20%, 25%. So even if you think about our expectations where precision AG was going to continue to grow through the cycle, that has not worked out the way it is. In terms of inventory destocking, remember, 40% of this business is aftermarket parts. And those aftermarket parts go through distribution. They're not direct sale. So they don't go through the OEM, they go through a distributor, and there is some level of inventory destocking that is going on in ARAG.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Both the businesses continue to strengthen in the trends that we mentioned in our first quarter. So we're continuing -- we remain convinced, both those are very good leading indicators. And the reason, I'll tell you is those are two separate indicators. For example, the one we talked about was the UV lamp businesses, a niche product line in one of our businesses. That is in the front end of the semiconductor process where we sell to large machine builders. That continues to strengthen, the forecasts have actually increased. That lines up with what you see front end semiconductors growing nicely. So you see that. But you also see on finished electronic products, you're continuing to see greater usage of existing lines. So this is the consumables from EFD. Those continue to strengthen. So both those are still strong. I think what it is not getting translated is that you would immediately see a system business pickup. And that's the translation that is getting delayed. We're not concerned that this is -- this doesn't indicate that the cycle is going to turn. It is more an uncertainty in this CapEx spend in electronics that we are seeing. So it is more related to the CapEx investment rather than does the cycle has not turned or not. So hopefully, that helps you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Okay. All right. I think if you -- let's just first start with EPS and T&I. EPS systems continued to be -- in the quarter continued to be lower in line with the ATS levels, right? So down 20% or so. And in the T&I business, I'll remind you that last year, we had some significant growth in those business. So what we are facing on our X-ray business is a tough comp. Among the other T&I business on our optical business, we have our sensors that go into the front end of the market, which is called a wafer sense product line, that is continuing to grow nicely. It is a small part of the business, but it is growing nicely. The acoustic test and inspection part of the business is also growing, which is more on the front end and on some new memory applications. The optical side, the parts are fine, the systems are behind. So we fundamentally still believe the test and inspection business will be lower declines when compared to our dispense business. What you've got mixed in there is some tough comps in our X-ray business. In all of these cases, the teams are doing an incredible job, doing three things. One, they are certainly strengthening their delivery and quality performances. They're moving manufacturing closer to our customers. So we've got a new manufacturing and distribution location coming up in India to support our electronic customers who are shifting focus into India. Third, we have very exciting new products that are being released by our test and inspection business. Our new MXI Liner products are well received in the marketplace. We've got a new updated software for our AXI business that is hitting the market. And in our dispense business, you certainly see our vantage product as well as new coating product lines, again, all hitting the market. So we're using this time to really position the business for growth.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, our coatings business is doing an incredible market demand and really delivering on the growth opportunities. So we're very happy about the performance there. If you think about our adhesive business in general, 12 out of 13 quarters or 12 out of 14 quarters, we have been growing. So pretty strong growth. Our expectation is still, as we finish the year, we would be flat to slightly up. So that is in a good spot. Particularly our packaging part of our business is doing incredibly well. If you think about our plastics business, again, you've had record growth in those businesses for the last two years. And this year, they would face some tough comp and so that will be slightly lower. We don't talk about sales by individual divisions, but generally speaking, what I will tell you is our plastic business is slightly lower -- slightly lower than their record last two years, right? So hopefully, that gives you enough color around the different businesses.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And one last thing I would add in our adhesive business, certainly, parts are significantly up when compared to our system businesses. This is some of the -- this is one of the reasons when we talk -- when Steve talks about sales mix, certainly, this was very helpful.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, I think there are, if you remember, when we acquired ARAG, this is a complete new division for the Company. Hence, there were no cost synergies baked into our valuation model. It was mostly based on our ability to continue to grow with the market. Clearly, with the market being down and our own expectations that it wouldn't follow the market, not panning out the way we had expected, certainly puts the sales part of our plan behind. But I'd still remind you, great technology, great end-market with precision agriculture, long-term solid growth opportunities for us as a Company, market leader in Europe, market leader in South America, two big geographies. Certainly, we have opportunities as we think about North America. We fully acknowledge that our existing competitors will do a nice job in North America, but we do believe that is an opportunity for us to continue to think about it.
Sundaram Nagarajan: No. If you think about this business, even with the reduction in revenue, their profit margins are north of the Company's margins.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Chris, I mean, over the last four years, five years, we certainly have moved away from the handset as an important driver in that business. Handset is still a small part of the business, but really, semiconductor advanced packaging is where this business is growing, and in components such as camera modules and things like that. Automotive electronics also has become a bigger part of the business. So it's no longer just a handset business, it is semiconductor, automotive electronics, and a small handset presence still.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. If you look at some of the market reports that are out there, pretty much across the world, the market cycle seems to be in that down 20% to 25%, and that is North America, that is Europe, that is South America and even precision ag, which was typically a growth engine.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think that is some amount of destocking, but that is also -- we are -- I tell you our knowledge of agriculture when compared to our knowledge of electronics or industrial non-durable is sort of -- obviously, we've been in this business for a short period of time, so our knowledge is not as deep as we would have in other end-markets, but our understanding is that there is some amount of destocking, but there is certainly some hesitancy in investing in large implements even. And so that is what you're seeing is that reduction in OEM. And this is unique, because as we looked at this business and evaluated it, one of the things we were -- we did a lot of work around is to understand the relationship between cycle and this business's performance. And this seems a little bit unique when compared to their prior performance. So we're still figuring it out, but I will tell you that it is impacting us more than we had expected. And it is impacting us and that's what our current situation is. And we still like the products. We still like the people. We're still working on continuing to integrate the business, which is going really well. And I think that's kind of where we are at with ARAG.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, we don't -- by now, right, look, based on our expectations in the first quarter, we had expected that this would follow quickly or thereafter. That has not happened. So our guidance doesn't imply a significant pickup in electronic market for the rest of the year. And as we approach 2025, we will be in a better place to provide you more color as to when it might actually pick up. But I think what is important to remember is that we have derisked our outlook for electronics for the rest of the year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think it's a great question, Andrew. What I will tell you is that none of the projects we are working on with our customers that somebody come to us and said, look, this is all off the table, it is canceled. That is not the case. We continue to work with our customers on projects and opportunities as they bring on new technologies for AI, as they bring on more technologies for much smaller, much more complicated chips than we had. So that work, the project work continues, but what it is not translated is from that project work into system orders, it is not translated yet, nor have people completely canceled projects either, right? So we are sort of in this middle time, call it uncertainty, and I can only talk to you about what we're seeing in terms of customer sort of actions rather than what is the broader trend here. There seems to be a reluctance in translating work that they're doing into systems sales or systems orders, right? We continue to do well on our parts, but there seems to be some reluctance, and not exactly understand the core reasons as to why our customers have reluctance, but there is reluctance.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, we're not seeing significantly different behavior from geography, geography. We still -- we work with all of the major semiconductor manufacturers. There are -- it's not like -- obviously, we continue to sequentially grow. Sequentially, we have better order entry. So it is not like we're continuing to decline or we're not -- we're just flat in the bottom. We're starting to come out. It is just not as fast as we had hoped. I think that is probably what you need to take away is that our reduction in guidance is mainly because we had a far steeper implied ramp in our second half. That's not happening. And that is not happening because the orders we are getting are not at the same rate as we had hoped. It is at a little flatter rate than we had hoped for. And we don't see a whole lot of difference in regions. Clearly, when compared to last year, activity in Asia has picked up that we can tell you, right? Certainly, Southeast Asia is better than China for us, and that's just for us. Certainly, our automotive, electronics customers in Mexico are significantly better for us. Europe is okay. So that's -- broadly that's how we think about the ATS business.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think it's a fair question and we have spent time thinking about this. We certainly need to put that into part of our equation as we think about acquisitions and deals. But having said that, I would tell you the technology behind each of these deals are spot on for us as a Company to continue to expand our portfolio of precision technologies. We certainly have short-term pressure because of the market conditions, but we believe that the long-term drivers in both these spaces are pretty sound and we like the technologies we have and the people we've added. Finally, what I'll tell you, it's not offered as an excuse, if you so will, right? But it is -- we really don't control when high-quality assets come to market. We continue to remain focused on our strategy of building strong precision technology portfolio, continue to deploy NBS Next. And we believe the long-term strategic fit of these businesses, and I know as we get past these market conditions, we're going to be incredibly happy that these are part of Nordson portfolio. So I think it's a fair question you asked, but that's what we're working on.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And in the core businesses, Jeff, if you're asking for, what is a target decremental, it is about 50 to 55. I would use 55, which is sort of in line with our gross margins, because we want to stay invested in our precision technology innovation, we want to stay invested in our direct customer model. That is what we have done in the past and that's what we will continue to do. But if you really put all of this in perspective, right? If you look at our full year, we're still -- our midpoint is -- essentially implies a 1% growth over a record 2023. We're still expecting that we will deliver 31% plus EBITDA margins. We will still convert pretty strong on net income to free cash flow. In the quarter, we converted about 92%. So from an operational perspective, yes, the teams are dealing with some market conditions, but the operational performance of the Company is in a pretty good place and we continue to do that in this environment.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our solid second quarter operating performance reflects the strength of our diversified markets, close to the customer model, differentiated precision technologies and rigorous implementation of NBS Next Growth Framework. We remain focused on the deployment of the Ascend Strategy that positions us well for long-term profitable growth. With that in mind, we are excited to announce that we will be hosting an Investor Day in New York on Thursday, October 3rd, 2024. We'll be sharing more information about the details of the event this summer, but please save the date on your calendars for the afternoon of October 3rd. Again, I want to thank Nordson's employees for their commitment, which makes these results possible. Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Stephen Shamrock: No, I was going to say, Mike, that I think you're spot on there, because if you also look at sequential growth, we had 11% growth last year from Q3 to Q4, and our midpoint basically implies around 8% growth this year. So Q4 is usually seasonally our strongest quarter. So I think that aligns with how we're thinking about it.
Stephen Shamrock: Yeah. No. So what I would tell you and that really kind of ties back to our, what I would call, very strong Q2 performance, right? Basically, from a sales standpoint with Q2, we came in really where we expected from a sales standpoint. We came in with $651 million of sales in Q2. And that was -- when we gave the guidance for Q2, we assumed currency neutral. So if you add back about a $5 million unfavorable impact of FX, we basically came in spot on near the midpoint of our guidance. And we actually were at the high end of our guidance in Q2 because of the gross margin performance that you referenced there. And the way I would think about that is we really had a strong performance in margins for a number of factors in Q2, right? We had a very strong mix, I would tell you in Q2, whether it was parts versus sales that was very strong. We had good customer mix and even mix within product lines. And also had, we referenced in our earlier comments, manufacturing efficiencies and cost controls. How I would think about gross margins going forward? I think I mentioned this on a previous call, we're not focused on gross margin expansion. Our long-term focus is really to maintain the gross margins that we have. So I do think what you saw in Q2 was a mix than normal. So that's how I would think about that going forward. I wouldn't expect as favorable of a mix in the balance of the year.
Stephen Shamrock: Yeah, no, no, I was just going to say, Jeff, what I'd also focus on too is just our EBITDA margins as well, right? I mean, we -- I think we've been very successful in terms of generating strong EBITDA margins. I mean, even Q2 is the fifth quarter in a row where we had EBITDA margins, 31% or higher. And the last three years, we've delivered 30% or more EBITDA margins. And I think we're obviously well on our way to do that again here in 2024.
