Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First I want to thank our global team for their hard work in 2015. Our employees delivered a solid year in a challenging environment. Negative currency translation was a significant headwind through 2015 and masked what otherwise would have been a record year on several measures. I'm pleased with the more than 3% organic growth we delivered for the year which reflects the technology, application expertise and support we bring to our customers in the diverse end markets we serve. I'm also pleased with the progress we're making on the initiatives that we expect will improve normalized operating margins over the next two years. As we previously reported, we began these actions in our third quarter in our fluid management product lines within Advanced Technology segment. In the fourth quarter the Adhesive Dispensing segment began consolidation of four facilities supporting our extrusion die product line into a single center of excellence and we continued rationalization of product lines based on profitability. Additional actions related to workforce optimization and efficiency initiatives are also underway in all three segments. We expect these actions to improve normalized operating margins with some of the benefits to be realized during 2016. We're providing additional detail on these activities in the coming quarters as they unfold. Our first quarter 2016 forecast reflects our backlog, current 12-week order rates, typical seasonality and challenging comparisons to the same period a year ago. As we begin 2016, the global economy remains weak. However, we continue to target organic growth in 2016 that exceeds global GDP, given our ongoing initiatives around new products, new applications, penetration of emerging markets and recapitalization of our installed base. The diverse set of end markets we serve are all expected to grow over the long term and we're well-positioned to meet customer needs with direct sales and service everywhere in the world. Although we cannot actively predict movement in the exchange rates, if exchange rates remain where they are today, the impact of currency effects on both sales and earnings would be minor in future quarters. The fundamentals of our business are intact, our global team is committed to providing a best-in-class experience to our customers and delivering solid long term returns to our shareholders. We also remain focused on driving continuous improvement throughout the organization through the tools and practices in our Nordson business system. At this time let me turn over the call to you for questions.
Mike Hilton: You were breaking up just a hair there but let me try and answer the first question. If you look at margins for the year in the Advanced Tech area, your comparison, they're off about 5 percentage points. About 1 point of that relates to currency, a couple points relate to really just lower organic volume relative to last year and an increase in the spending and then about a couple points relate to mix where we had actually a significant decline in our automated dispense area that was offset by our surface treatment products, both of which have good margins but the surface treatment product margins have more bought-in items, less high value-added mix as part of it and so they have a considerably different margin. If you think about it, currency, the margin mix and then some lower organic growth in the segment relative to typical spending increases that we would see, nothing fundamental there in terms of pricing or anything else. As it relates to the acquisitions, the acquisitions that we added were tuck-in acquisitions, one on the polymer side. And then in the Advanced Tech it was really a automated x-ray product that has similar margins to the margins we see in the test and inspection business. So, it really comes down to currency and mix, largely and then some lower volume. Nothing fundamental.
Mike Hilton: Let me make a couple of comments. First, if you look at the fluid management part of our business, we continue to see strength in the medical business going forward. We see solid gains of strength in what I call general industry applications in our EFD type products. I would say year on year we saw some softness, particularly in the wearables space, come the end of the year. We think that's more timing than anything else. In the automated systems business, this past year for the wireless business, was not one in terms of a significant degree of change in terms of the product offerings and there are some changes in end customer market share, particularly in China. The one bright spot was really in the auto electronics segment. But when we talk to customers right now -- and this is the time of the year where we're doing a lot of project development work with key customers -- there are a lot of different new product and application activities that we're working on and we're hopeful that they are going to translate into significant growth this year. Obviously that will play out in the second and third quarters as these prospects and development projects turn into orders. But we're hopeful in that regard that we will see an uptick, particularly on the dispense side this year. We're getting some traction now, as well, with the Chinese manufactures that are on the low-end tiered product scale of the automated dispense systems.
Mike Hilton: So, maybe just talk a little bit across the businesses on prospects and what we're hearing from customers. If you look at the Adhesives segment, in our traditional Adhesives segment, largely driven by the consumer non-durable space, activity has been strong even through Q4 and as we look at it from an order perspective now, it's very solid. In the polymer product lines we're seeing improvements from an order perspective, starting to see some orders come in on the dye business. A lot of that, fluid coating, some specialty film dye, but the solid melt stream components. And our pelletizing was strong in the quarter but that tends to be big project related. So, I'd say encouraging activity there. When we look at the Industrial Coatings business it's been on a strong uptick the last three years. We've got some tough comps in this particular quarter but that feels a lot to us like just timing of larger products, particularly on the auto side. If you look at what remains strong, the auto platform work remains strong and we have some significant project activity there that we expect to come in in the future. The general powder coating environment has been pretty solid, so a lot of prospects. Even when you look across places like Europe, we're seeing solid prospect activity there. And then if you go to the Advanced Tech space, as I said, medical activity looks strong. The general fluid management activity talking to customers looked good from a prospect standpoint. We actually are encouraged that this could be a more significant year from a change perspective in the wireless area, including the wearable piece. And we've gotten some good traction with the local Chinese in terms of new products with our tiered product offering that came from the DIMA acquisition we made in China. So, I'd say we're encouraged on the prospect side of this. I think the areas that appear to be soft geographically, Japan is an area that's soft and we're clearly seeing some investment being pushed off there. China is more of a mixed bag but the areas that are strong, like auto, continued to be strong. And then on the electronics side, obviously that's where a large bit of the uptick would come this year. So, I would say the prospect discussions are good. We need to translate these new developments into orders and that will play out over the next couple of quarters.
Mike Hilton: I would just make two comments. Assuming we see GDP in that 2%, low 2% range, we would expect to outgrow that, number one. And, number two, we're on track with the initiatives we have in place to improve our margins which we're seeing some charges this year but will position us well to generate even more cash going forward.
Mike Hilton: No, just organic. We should be able to do that. We're not looking at numbers, we're looking at 3% or 4%, if you look at 2% GDP not 7% or 8%. But we should be able to grow that. And, quite frankly, it's largely the focus around our initiatives. We have a number of specific growth initiatives that are focused on new products, new applications, larger penetration in emerging markets, particularly globalizing some of the acquisitions that we've acquired over the last couple of years. So, we see good plans in place that we can execute on to help mitigate a little softer economic environment.
Mike Hilton: And then just a comment with regard to M&A, we did say this year that our M&A activity would likely be focused on drop-ins and plug-ins. And if you look at the three things we did -- the Liquidyn acquisition was a product line plug-in for our EFD business. The WAFO addition was a make-buy decision given its European capability that we've since gone in and been able to significantly expand the furnace capability there which will help us in our plastics area. And then the MatriX Technology was a way to upgrade our capability from an automated platform and integrate it with our advanced x-ray technology. So, all good plug-ins. I tell you we see more of the same in terms of that smaller drop-in activity. The one area where there are some larger potential opportunities are in the medical device space that's been growing strong double digits for us over the last three years with the acquisitions that we did make.
Mike Hilton: Yes, so just a couple of comments. I'd say we're right on track with our plans in terms of the actions we're taking for the margin enhancements. In the third quarter, our margin enhancements were largely the result of exiting an EFD facility in Europe and consolidating our Minnesota manufacturing into Colorado and Mexico. Those were part of the Advanced Tech segments. A lot of the activity here in this quarter was around improving effectiveness and efficiency across segments, as well as I mentioned we're going to consolidate three U.S. facilities in our dye business to one. We're going to exit one in Belgium and we have some follow on activities to consolidate two facilities in Germany and some other thoughts that we're working on. So, that will play out throughout the year. So, we're right on track in terms of the actions that we're taking according to plan to get us to deliver that 200 basis points in 2017. And on a normalized basis we'll see a portion of that this year. It will be masked by the costs associated with getting there that will show up as a one-time recurring costs but we're right on track there. As far as the overall operating margin, we would see some normalized improvement. It may not be a percent this year but on our way towards a percent and right on track for the 2% next year in a volume-neutral basis. If our volume goes up we should see some leverage on top of that.
Mike Hilton: This year's normalized number, as we look at it for the Company, is around 21%. And that's with what's been going on underlying in the Advanced Tech segment.
Mike Hilton: On a volume-neutral basis. So, then the additional volume on top of that should provide some additional leverage.
Mike Hilton: I think if we split it into two phases, if you look at the structural program I'd say we're right on track with what we're looking to do and exclude one-time we'll see improvement. Whether it's a full 100% points there, not clear, but directionally it'll be moving towards that. And then what we're saying from a volume standpoint, if the year plays out as we expect and the GDP is a couple of percent or so and we outgrow that, we should see some additional volume leverage on that.
Mike Hilton: If you look at a typical electronics seasonal pattern, first quarter is always soft. That's the quarter where, as I mentioned, we're typically working with customers on development projects that they then would enact in the second and third quarter and the typical commitment and ramp up is generally in that second and third quarter. If you look at last year, we had a particularly strong fourth quarter and a particularly strong first quarter and a lot of that had to do with everybody pushing for wearable opportunities to go out and test the new market segment there. We should expect to see this play out in the second and third quarter. If you look at our typical seasonal data for this business, it declines pretty sharply from the end of the third quarter in through, say, the beginning of January and the peak periods tend to be in the second and third quarter, peaking somewhere in the third quarter typically. That's what we would expect based on the conversations we have now. Now, these new developments which are new product and applications related, need to translate into orders. But we'd expect to see the pickup in the second quarter and a peak in the third quarter, would be typical.
Mike Hilton: I would say a couple things. If you look at the last two years on an organic basis we've exceeded the global GDP. 2014 was a little more robust at about 6%. This year is a little over 3% with a tougher electronics market. I would say in some of our core adhesives area, both on the packaging side and the nonwoven side, in particular, we would see recap as a driver this year. We had good traction last year and that's continuing into this year. So, in other words, looking at upgrades and improvements and recapitalization of some of our installed base there and we see a lot of customer activity on that front. We're working on some new applications in the product assembly area that relates to some furniture applications and flooring applications that are starting to take off with improvement in the construction industry. I'd say in the polymer area, we're seeing good growth in the fluid coating part of the dies business and some uptick in some specialty dies, getting some traction on our melt stream and some good projects on the polymer pelletizing side of things, particularly in Asia. And that's related to our spherical underwater pelletizing capability. When you look at Industrial Coatings, we think this year is going to be another solid year in the auto platform and we've been pretty successful there. We've got continued upgrades to technology on the powder side and some improvement in the general metal contracting area that we see some traction on. And then if we look at the medical space, there's just a whole slew of new products that we've introduced. We're getting good traction on new products from the Avalon acquisition last year, the value plastics components. We've broadened the product line in a number of ways and we're getting good traction on that. And also we're starting to see some globalization of those businesses. In our cold materials space we've got some new applications going into aerospace. These are not home runs. These are all singles. But with new applications going into the aerospace area they are starting to get some traction. And then I would say our tiering approach is helping us to get some traction with the Chinese wireless companies. We're in with all of them and starting to get some reasonable orders in that area. Again, that's one where we're not quite sure what the pace of conversion will be from manual to automated but the tiering approach is really helping meet their needs there. So, so I would say this year has been a good year in terms of introducing new products. Next year is the area we want to commercialize and take advantage of that and we think we're in pretty good position. A lot of our expectation is these initiatives over and above the float of GDP is whatever is going to drive our growth for next year.
Mike Hilton: Certainly if you look at where we're at from an order perspective the whole adhesive has been the one that's been most solid right now. We've been a little softer on the coatings, but that's off a strong comparison and a little bit softer on the Advanced Tech. Those margins in the first quarter typically go down anyway and they would on a year-on-year basis be off just given the volume leverage. So, it's that mix that we're looking at.
Mike Hilton: But we don't see it necessarily as an atypical quarter for us just relative to last year a softer quarter in those areas.
Mike Hilton: Most of the wireless activity falls into the automated assembly space. There are some things that we sell for manual and modest tabletop automation, too, that go into some customers. If you recall, we have a range of customers. The ones that are just stepping out of doing things manually might go to simple tabletop automation which would fall into our EFD segment. But most of it typically falls into the automated segment particularly now that we have the first-level tiered automated product to offer, that we would expect to see growth across that range.
Mike Hilton: I think our expectation is continued growth in that segment. A lot of it will be, I think, driven by the fact that we're improving our capability in that area in Asia and, to some extent, in Europe and the fact that the WAFO acquisition we made will help us from a capability standpoint in Europe for those component products. And it largely will impact mostly our screw and barrel business. And we do have some new applications that we're working on, particularly for twin barrels and some coating applications. And then we're seeing some good growth getting beyond the injection molding piece, both in our melt stream applications with new products and in our fluid coating business on the die side. And we're starting to see for the first time some uptick in general orders in the die business. I think certainly the things that have been driving the injection molding have been things like auto, medical and, to a lesser extent, some of the consumer product conversions going on.
Mike Hilton: I would say it's more special items at the moment, although we're starting to see some requests and activities on the buy X side. And we like to see a little bit more traction on that to conclude that we finally turned the corner there. But on some specialty applications we're seeing some uptick. So, I'd say no, not yet. We would like to get a little bit more traction there but maybe some early indications that things are improving.
Mike Hilton: We're not really seeing that so much. If you think about the drivers for upgrading, certainly that's one of the drivers. But speed is another driver, so getting effective capacity out that reduces unit costs. And then we're seeing feature function changes. For example, in the nonwoven space, our customers are moving towards more clothing-like diapers and adult incontinence products which drive change there and require some recapitalization. So, I would say from an efficiency and therefore cost of the adhesives products, it might be a modestly lower driver, but for some of the other things we're still seeing interest in recapitalization.
Mike Hilton: Got it. And then maybe just one for Mike, can you talk about the magnitude of order weakness you saw in the U.S., what the drivers were there? Did it surprise you? I think the number was down 12, I don't have it in front of me. But just what's driving the softness you're seeing in the U.S.? And should that be a broader concern? If you look at the U.S., a big driver of the short term has been in our Industrial Coatings business. And that's really linked to year-over-year timing of bigger projects, particularly auto platform projects. As we look at it and the prospects out there, there are still a lot of prospects for new auto platforms we're working on now and we think it's more of a timing issue. And, similarly, from a powder coating business perspective, there is some larger projects in the first quarter last year that we see perhaps playing out later in the year this year. And I think that's the most significant piece that we see there, but when we talk to the customers, look at the prospect list and bidding activity, I'd say at the moment we're encouraged by what we see there in those areas.
Mike Hilton: So, to be clear, our dispense business was down pretty significantly year over year and our surface treatment business was up. That's the mix effect we're talking about.
Mike Hilton: No, I wouldn't say it's a reset. If you look at the year-on-year comparison we talked about earlier, currency was about a 1% impact. The mix was a couple percent or so impact. Then volume relative to spend was very modest in total, so we lost some incremental volume leverage there. In all of our businesses, we've talked about actions we're taking to improve effectiveness and efficiency, including that segment. So, we think as we get back to a more normal mix and without further currency impacts we should bump back up in that business. So, no, there's not a permanent change, there's not a pricing change, there's not a competitive change, but there is pretty substantial mix. And as Greg was saying, if you look at the composition of what we sell in, say, dispense versus surface treatment, we buy much less in that product line, so we're selling essentially only all of the high value-added product and that's why we've got a difference.
Greg Thaxton: Total Company was about 42% which trends out to be a pretty consistent percentage for all of the quarters and full year. It's very near that range. And if you look at the various segments, they all trend very near that total Company. I'd say in the quarter we probably had slightly higher than normal within Advanced Tech given this volume shortfall in system dispensing. But adhesives as well as the other segments tend to fall very near that Total Company of 42%.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Allison, this is Greg. You support that with the strong cash generation that this business generates. We're certainly not uncomfortable in this range where we're under our current credit facilities, we have about $200 million available. We certainly have much more than that from a capacity under our covenants perspective. So, we're comfortable in this range and think we still have some dry powder for other strategic initiatives. So, it's not a level that we're not comfortable with in this environment.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. I'll handle the first part of that question. Clearly with some of the data we've provided, we did believe it was an opportunity from a share repurchase perspective and that's what drove that activity. I wouldn't say at a high level it's a change in our perspective going forward. It was, we felt, an opportunistic time.
Greg Thaxton: Just on the comment about and do we think we can continue to expand those beyond once we get to that 200. And I'd say yes. We have our continuous improvement wrapped into our Nordson business system that allows us to continue to look to enhance performance. Again, even outside of that volume leverage, I wouldn't say that we stop after these initiatives. We think we can continue to widen those margins.
Greg Thaxton: So, it was a 15% number if we excluded the one-time. We're saying from this 15% number on a go-forward basis over the next year and then in 2017 we expect to widen from there.
Greg Thaxton: And, Kevin, the point there, too, is, yes, we're off here on the first quarter but we don't get too concerned about one particular quarter. And this happens to be a quarter that for us, as you know, is a softer quarter. It's a softer quarter for many of our customers in their capital cycle. We've got the holidays, et cetera. As you suggest, we're starting off in a bit of a hole here in the first quarter, but as we look at the project list, as we look at activity within the businesses, we're still targeting that on a full-year basis we'll hit our sales growth targets.
Greg Thaxton: Walt, this is Greg. We typically in our guidance don't go to the segment and we certainly don't take it down. We just don't work it down to the product line level. So, what I'd suggest is similar to what Mike was saying. We look at where the order rates are. Certainly volume is going to have an impact on what those reported margins will be.
Greg Thaxton: And both of those dispensing are good for us. Those tend to be our higher-margin products. So, if we see that demand that plays out within the business that's good from a margin perspective.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Walt, that is the gap in guidance. When you look at where the revenue shook out it's the mix issue and the impact on margins within Advanced Tech and specifically in the electronic systems portion of the product line.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, if you look at where the euro, yen and the pound, the three bigger currencies for us, once we get through the first quarter here, we pretty much lap the currency effect where, for each of those quarters two, three and four, where rates are today are pretty much right in line with where they were prior year in those quarters. So, we'll have this currency impact this quarter. If rates stay where they are it will be minimal in the future quarters.
Greg Thaxton: And, Matt, just to add to that, particularly with those two product lines, they tend to be larger dollars, so timing can really have an impact. Whatever your cutoff point is for your comparison, the timing of those orders can have a big swing, create a big swing.
Greg Thaxton: We were commenting earlier that where we have application demand that drives the need for automated dispensing, we generate higher margins there than we do in other portions of that product line. Now, the positive side is we offset that dispensing revenue with some new application revenue within that Advanced Tech space. It just comes at lower gross margins than our dispense platform does.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Chris, as you mentioned, normalized would have been 24%. And currency also was a big impact here, that if you excluded currency we would have been 27%. So, it would have actually been slightly accretive to where we were prior year.
