Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, as Greg noted, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First, I want to thank our global team again for their hard work, their commitment to our customers propel Nordson to a very solid start to our year. At the midpoint of our second quarter guidance, we're expecting sequential sales growth of about 7%, which we should leverage to delivering operating margin approximately 3 percentage points higher than the first quarter, and earnings per share that are 23% higher than the first quarter. As Greg mentioned, on a year-over-year basis, we do expect currency translation to remain a significant headwind to revenue and earnings growth in the second quarter and full-year, given current exchange rates. Excluding this currency translation effect, our underlying business remains sound. Our backlog is solid and 12-week order rates are up a strong 14% compared to the same period a year ago. This growth in organic orders are impressive, given the challenging macroeconomic environment. Given the strength, you might expect our organic growth in the second quarter to exceed the 1% level we are forecasting at the midpoint of our guidance, as we typically have a strong correlation between order growth rates and the outlook for the next quarter. To help reconcile this, let me provide some additional color. First, timing does play a role here as the current backlog does include some longer lead time items that are expected to benefit the third quarter. This is particularly true within Advanced Technology and Industrial Coatings segments. In addition, we're optimistic as to our likely success on various projects that are not yet in our backlog, that should generate revenue beyond the second quarter. Our participation in these large dollar projects reflects the consultative approach in applications expertise we bring to our customers, and in several cases is being driven by innovative Nordson technology; due to the competitive reasons and customer confidentiality agreements regarded with the details we can share at this time. Directionally however, we can provide some general commentary. While we're not providing a specific forecast beyond our second quarter, we are optimistic that the current backlog, current order growth rates and project momentum will drive double-digit organic growth in the second half of our year, as compared to the prior year, resulting in high single-digit organic growth for the full-year. From a broader perspective, there are many reasons we continue to feel good about our longer-term prospects. While we can't control currency or other aspects of the macroeconomic environment, there are many things we can control, and that is where we were focused. The worst of these is innovative technology. Nordson earned 211 patents in 2014, driven by our envision process, we continue to introduce products that provide tangible benefits to our customers and are helping to drive organic growth. Second is continuous improvement. The Nordson Business System is our set of tools and best practices for driving improvement in all value streams across the company. We continue to ingrain the Business System in all we do. Third is, adding to the portfolio through targeted and strategic acquisitions. We continue to evaluate opportunities in the spaces we've talked about previously, and are working to optimize our integration processes deliver value faster. Finally, we're focused on making a strong team even better. Our talent management and development initiatives continue to gain momentum, ensuing we're equipped to capture the growth opportunities that we see. Overall, we're focused on providing our customers with the best experience in the industries we serve, and delivering excellent shareholder returns over the long-term. And we will continue our balanced approach for capital allocation, including returning value directly to shareholders with dividends and remaining prudent with regards to our share repurchase activity, and executing on appropriate acquisition opportunities. At this time, let me turn to your questions.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Joe, you did hit the – sort of the key areas that tend to have bigger projects, and bigger projects tend to be a little bit longer lead item. We also have projects in here where our customers have asked for sort of phased deliveries, so that's also a part of what we're seeing, and that falls into the two areas, in particular that you mentioned the Industrial Coatings and the Advanced Technology area. There are elements of our plastics business that have some longer lead time orders like our pelletizing business that also impact that. So from our perspective, what we've seen is more of systems orders, which is encouraging, and some of those are phased from a delivery standpoint, and that's really the main fact – chalk it up essentially timing.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Yeah, Joe, as you know it's soft because of the holiday period, and it tends to – as we talked about in the past, orders tend to get to a low-point, sort of over the holidays, right after the New Year, and then start to pickup, and we absolutely did see that trend where each of the last few weeks has gotten stronger, generally across most businesses.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So you've – currently have the currency is a significant impact. And then when you look at things, volume is relatively soft and actually down a little bit, so we get a little bit of a negative leverage there, relative to our spend base. So it's not anything that we're alarmed about, again, I think it's largely the timing issue on the organic piece, and we're really pretty encouraged by the prospects that we see in addition to orders already in hand. The currency piece, as Greg said, we're going to deal with over the next couple of quarters, and it is a strong headwind and it does impact margin to the tune of about 100 basis points, maybe a little more in the second quarter, and a little less as we go throughout the year.
Michael F. Hilton: Year-over-year, it was pretty much the same as last year, around I think, 43% or 44%, Charlie, so no significant impact. Adhesives is one of the areas where we feel the biggest impact from a currency perspective.
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I think overall for the year we're thinking – the things will be consistent with our long-term kind of growth rates. I think in the second quarter, we're looking for things to be a little bit less, and then – and pick up based on some of the orders, trends coming in. So not too atypical when you look at sort of the more traditional Adhesives. The one area that is strong right now, but can be lumpy is the product assembly piece, because those tend to be bigger systems orders as well. But nothing atypical that we see here in terms of progress on that part of the business. We're engaged by what we see across most of the product lines.
Michael F. Hilton: It's mainly on the plastic side, that the – particularly the pelletizer business, that tends to be a little bit longer lead times. So you're seeing that sort of impacted in the near-term. There is nothing unusual in the Adhesive side. As Greg said, you can have some one quarter and other movement based on some orders, and typically those orders will be in the product assembly area that's been pretty strong for us here of late. So nothing unusual there, but we do have our orders in the plastic side, that are little bit longer lead time and that's pulling that number down in the short-term.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, I think you know that we've got tremendous incremental margin leverage on volume. So in a typical year, we'll see margin improve from the first quarter throughout the year as volumes improve just on a seasonal basis, and this year based on some of these orders stretching into the third quarter, and what we see from a project list and some new technology introductions, we expect to see that volume lift later in the year, and with that you'll see the margin lift that we typically see across the quarters with volume.
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say the growth across most of our segments looks solid. There could be certain end markets that are a little soft here, but we're making them up in others. I'd say, more concern would be around geography, and just because some of the geographies are struggling from a economic perspective. So when you think about the Americas, particularly Latin America, Europe is not as robust and Japan is more of a mixed bag. That said, some of the other geographies have been considerably stronger. So I'd say, it's more of a mixed bag on geography than end market applications. There are obviously some that are pretty strong, and things like auto, medical, electronics, applications including wireless, those kind of things are generally pretty strong. We've got new areas where we're interested in, that are picking up, but for us also, we're introducing a lot of new products this year, I would categorize in the singles category, a nice new incremental growth opportunities or recapitalization opportunities, that I think will also help in our – getting some traction.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I mean the incremental margins are significant as the volume grows throughout the year. It does depend a little bit on mix. So for example, the Industrial Coatings, given the nature of scope what we provide there, while they have very good incremental margins that are probably in the 30% kind of range, are different than what we might see in technology, which would be higher and traditional adhesives would be higher yet. So it does depend a little bit on the mix. But we would expect to see strong incremental margins across each of the businesses as it grows throughout the year. You can see from the order rates that we're providing, Industrial Coatings is stepping up nicely and the Advanced Technology is stepping up nicely, so those mix effects will be a little bit lower than, say if all the Adhesives business was stepping up. But we would expect a pretty typical pattern as the volume grows up – grows for the rest of the year, only to be moderated a little bit by mix.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Maybe I'll just start with a comment on the – for the two major end markets that support all that business. As Greg mentioned in his comments, the plastic injection part of the end markets are doing well, and when you think about the products that are being made there, it goes into auto, it goes into electronics, it goes into medical, those areas are all doing pretty well. When you look at the film side of the business, the film side of the business, particularly the high-end film side of the business is really struggling, while there's some increase in demand. Europe slowing, China slowing, Latin America slowing really hurt the sort of supply/demand situation on the film business. So I'd say, we're still struggling pretty significantly on the film business that affects the dyes business the most. A different application like fluid coatings in the dyes business is doing really well, but the bigger application is struggling. So we're obviously – we're behind where we had hoped to be. And the supply/demand imbalance has not resolved itself yet. And we could be looking at another year or two before that's completely resolved, and that's a function really of the soft growth primarily outside the U.S. on the demand side at this point. Now, as far as integration goes, we made, I think great progress on the integration of those businesses. We're focused on new products in sort of other markets that we haven't played in as much, particularly on the film side, and we're getting some traction there, and we've built up our international capability, it's allowing us to do well, particularly in Asia. So we're encouraged by that. But in the short-term, we're obviously behind where we thought we would be.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. It's pretty much across the – across the board. So if you look at – and the electronics part of the business is doing well in wireless, but also in more traditional advanced packaging applications have started to pick up. And if you look at some of the Gartner data, it's encouraging in that area. But also auto electronics has been strong. And then, outside of the electronics space, a lot of general industry applications that would affect our EFD business are strong. We have a bunch of new products coming into play across our EFD business as well as our systems business. And then the medical businesses aren't really well – really driven by the broadening of our product line, and some international growth now as well. So really across the board, that looks very encouraging at the moment.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. We are seeing that, my comment on advanced packaging is directly related to PC, desktop, server kind of applications, both with end users and then sort of the outsourced manufacturers, we saw some encouraging orders coming through. So we're certainly starting to see that.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So we have, on the wafer project we launched, we picked up our second big order in that business, and we have probably more than 10 significant prospects that we expect to see signed this year. So we're getting good – I think good traction on that. We're also taking advantage of expanding our local China manufacturing applications, and we have a number of new products across the – that particular systems base that we're introducing this year that we are seeing some good traction, and so it's encouraging at this point.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, we've had an uptick on both of those products in the last couple of quarters. I think what we used to characterize last year is probably revenue exceeded expectations, volume didn't quite exceed expectations. I think that is continuing, but we have seen an uptick. The one we issue we mentioned was the availability of new adhesives that would further enhance the benefit of those particular new products has really not come to market yet. And some of the things going on in the oil industry right now, and the supply chain probably delayed that a little bit further, but they're clearly, Freedom is top of the line, Liberty is sort of our next tiered position and we have a number of other tiered positions. So we feel pretty good about what we have to offer broadly, and then we've only recently started to offer those products in Asia. So I'd say, we're at expectations on those products, not accelerating the way we might have hoped, based on the availability of the adhesives.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, so of course, Walt. Yeah. So I would say, obviously the business itself is linked to the business cycle, and that's, I think, what you're referring to in your comments. That said, there are a number of markets that have been strong, so auto for example is one that's been strong for us. With some of our, cold materials acquisition in the Sealant Equipment business, we've been able to take that – now starting to take that internationally, we're seeing some uptick there. And we've talked about in the past – oil and gas exploration, and what that's doing from pipe coating application, pipe coating. So I would say solid, but even in businesses that are more traditional like our container business, we're seeing good order growth, some of that is upgrades and recapitalization, which new technology helps. So I'd say, generally it's fairly broad-based, I'd say the areas that are still a little bit – a little bit slow would be the things like coatings for recreational products, for some office furniture, things like appliances kind of go up and down a little bit, but they're generally solid. So, I'd say the key drivers are the ones, that I've talked about here, and we've got as you look at the orders, some pretty good visibility, and – at least in the near-term. And when we look at our projects list, really across the globe, we see some pretty good activity.
Michael F. Hilton: No. If you look at – we're pretty well distributed from a supply chain standpoint, so it's really the translation impacts that you're looking at there. So no, we're not seeing any significant competitive threats there. But the degree of change particularly in Europe in the end, and to a lesser extent, the pound has impacted the translation effect, but we're not seeing a competitive dynamic given the balance in our supply chain.
