Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First and as always, a big thanks to our global team. They continued to perform at a high level and delivered record second quarter performance. The 8% organic growth on the top line was outstanding, which we leverage to drive significant improvement in operating margin and earnings per share compared to the same quarter a year ago. As we look at current backlog, recent order rates and timing of shipments, we are forecasting modest organic growth at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are comparing to a previous [ph] strong organic growth in the third quarter last year and certainly, the current macroeconomic environment remains relatively weak. We are not prepared to offer a forecast beyond the third quarter. Current project activity remains solid in all three segments, which could provide benefit in the latter part of the year. Beyond this near-term view, we continue to execute on activities we expect will drive value for shareholders over the long-term. Specifically, we continue to focus on innovative products, tiering, new applications and emerging market penetration to drive growth. I am also pleased to report that we are making solid progress on our margin enhancement initiative using tools within the Nordson businesses system. During the quarter, we continue to execute on integration and footprint optimization activities within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, including next steps in streamlining operations of the U.S. and Europe. We also took selected actions within the Advanced Technology and Industrial Coating segments to drive greater efficiencies. In summary, we look to deliver a solid third quarter given the current global economic environment. Overall, we remain well positioned to capture growth opportunities when and where they occur and we remain focused on continuous improvement throughout the organization. We also continue to generate strong levels of cash, which provide us with the ability to fund multiple priorities. At this point, we would be happy to take your questions.
Mike Hilton: Well I would say there are three factors. Certainly, the volume helped and so we get significant incremental contributions from that. There are some mix benefits in parts of the segment particularly in say the Advanced Technology area, where we have a strong quarter from a dispense side in that business and medical was very solid as well. But I do see us making progress against our overall goal of improving normalized margins 200 basis points by the end of next year and we have seen significant improvement in the quarter coming from that.
Mike Hilton: Yes. There is probably 200 basis points that were orders we expected to come in, in the second quarter, but to be completed and go out in the third quarter. So 200 basis points of that 300 basis points that we exceeded the top end. And I would say certainly, we saw some of that come through in the advanced technology area as well as a little bit on the Adhesives side. So those are probably two areas where we saw some specific projects that we expected to get in, but we expect that the order time will be such that will be sales in the third quarter.
Mike Hilton: Well, I think those are the two main segment areas and in some cases its specific project related. So, we did anticipate these orders, just we felt that they would come in perhaps later in the quarter and then therefore ship out in the third quarter.
Mike Hilton: I would say what we are seeing in Advanced Technology particularly for the electronics segment is a concentration within the year on orders. Our customers have helped us to reduce our lead times. And so the concentration order tends to be in the second and third quarter. I am not sure there is a typical pattern, because it really depends on what they are doing from new sort of launch perspective. I would say though that we have made some progress on new applications related to new technology we have introduced. So, as an example, we came out with new dispensing technology from our ASYMTEK business that it’s allowed us to do on way for dispensing. And so we have made some progress on the semiconductor side that we haven’t historically done. So, as customers have gone to stacking chips, there is now potentially an opportunity to do that on the wafer. So that’s been good progress. And then with that, we have also seen an uptick on the x-ray side. So, I would say the general sort of mobile-related cycle is getting more concentrated. Part of our effort is to diversify applications and we are getting some traction there in terms of different types of applications.
Mike Hilton: Well, that’s not just an AT activity, that’s across the mix of businesses. But I would say the typical, if you look at our business, the order patterns typically decelerate through the fourth quarter and through sort of January and then start to pick up and typically reach a peak at the end of third quarter or early fourth quarter. We are seeing that same type of pattern. It can vary a little bit between where the peak is in the third quarter, it could be early, it could be late. So, that’s the challenge based on timing of some of these orders. But we are following a pretty typical pattern I would say this year and we saw a nice progression in order rates throughout the quarter, stepping up the way we expect from a seasonality perspective.
Mike Hilton: I would say it’s generally within norms. I would say the mix is more within segments and across the segments. So, we had very strong performance across our adhesives business, including our sort of core adhesive packaging and non-wovens. We also in our Advanced Tech had the solid performance in our EFD business, strong performance in medical, in our dispense and the ASYMTEK business had a really strong quarter. So, it’s more of sort of a mix within the product lines and across the segments. It’s not really been much of a parts systems kind of issue in this quarter.
Mike Hilton: Yes, so a couple of comments. So, we did see within the quarter some nice orders from our tiered product structure that same really at the Chinese OEMs. So, we made some good progress with the material orders there. And as I mentioned also, we, in broadening applications like the semiconductor dispense application for the next-gen technology was important. And then on the x-ray side, the acquisition of MatriX has really helped us from an automated x-ray standpoint and we have had real nice penetration in Asia with that automated x-ray platform combining with our leading tube and detector technology. So, we saw nice orders there. And we started to see the typical upturn that we see in components on the mobile side, the general mobile side as well and we would expect to see that continuing through the next quarter.
Mike Hilton: Yes, so maybe just a couple of comments. Obviously, some of the end markets, some on non-durables side like food have been very pretty solid. We have seen a strong quarter in terms of the diaper side of the business. Some of this is the sort of new products our customers are coming out with, but some of this is new technology in our part giving them the opportunity to recapitalize existing infrastructure. So, we are seeing that recapitalization approach based on our new technology taking off while supporting the new sort of clothing like materials there. And then if you look at our sort of product assembly area, we are seeing some traction on the furniture market with some new applications around laminates and things like that. So, there is a couple of new applications there plus the recap that are helping to drive beyond some of the solid market performance and things like typical food and other packaging opportunities.
Mike Hilton: Yes, so a couple of things. I mean, just one comment again. Our customers are compressing sort of the lead times as I talked about, so we can give some lumpiness just as a result of when they are placing their orders, because when they place, they place large quantities ahead of time. But that said, I made a couple of comments earlier where we have made progress in a couple of areas. So one, when you look at the new dispensing technology that we launched in the fall that allows us to provide many more dots at a much smaller size, it’s really enabled us to get into dispensing actually on the wafer as opposed to on the package. So as customers have gone to the three dimensional pack – three dimensional chips, they are now looking, at least the leading edge guys are looking at doing the wafer and we saw significant orders coming based on that new technology on the dispense side. It’s very sophisticated technology. With that we have also seen some pull along from an inspection standpoint on to the front end wafer side of things. And then one of the benefits of acquiring MatriX is to get a world class automation platform and what we did is combine that with our latest tube and detector technology. And we have got really good traction particularly in Asia with that combined combination of our technology and what the MatriX team brought to us and then the direct strategy we have in Asia. So I would say there is quite a bit of new product contribution coming into the business within the quarter and it’s really based on products that we launched sort of light in the fall that are getting real traction now and helping us to diversify. Then on top of that, the medical business continues to grow dramatically and again that’s also around a new product story. So those combinations I think it really helped and hit in the quarter and should continue to get traction going forward. We are not going to get out of the lumpiness though because we have to do what our customers need and it’s linked to their cycles that we have got very good at ramping up, ramping down to support that. So there is still a lumpiness related particularly to the mobile side of the electronics business.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So if I look at this quarter, I would say that probably three quarters of the improvement is the function of the volume leverage in mix and probably one quarter is a function of the sort of the restructuring activity. And I would say year-to-date, we are probably half restructuring, half volume and mix in terms of the margin improvement. I think going forward, significant driver of that margin improvement is restructuring, some of which we have already completed, some of which is yet to complete. So we are – we suggest that that we will get there by the end of next year. This year is continuing to play out, but we are making good progress.
Mike Hilton: Liam, it’s improving from where we were last year, but it’s not where we wanted to be yet. I would say the volume is certainly helping. But as you know, we have plans to transform that business. We are in the middle of that and that’s going well today. But we have some more things that we need to do that we will continue to work on in that business. But it’s encouraging to see some volume growth across the different product lines. I would say we are starting to get some indications at least on the more complex films that are sort of OEM channels are starting to see activity there. That’s probably still a ‘17 kind of activity, but we are seeing specialty applications in this quarter. We have seen some good growth across most of the product lines in this quarter, so that’s encouraging. So year-on-year, it will be nice improvement, but we still have ways to go.
Mike Hilton: Yes. We are seeing real good progress on the medical business. It’s really linked to broadening the product lines that we have, getting placed well with the new applications. We have got the capacity in place between Colorado and Mexico now to support the growth very effectively. And so we are in good position there and we continued to broaden our portfolio.
Mike Hilton: I would say in the longer run, as things like medical, our general applications and sort of our focus to broaden the customer base, I would say yes. In the short-term, may be in the next year or 2 years, we still could see some swings there because of just the market structure of the key players out there. I like the progress we are making with the Chinese OEMs. As I have talked about in the past, there is still coming of the learning curve from an automation standpoint, but we are making – we are building some momentum there. And I like the diversification efforts that we have going on like I talked about with the new dispense technology that we just put out there and then of course medical and general applications. So over the long run, it should be less of a factor I would say in the next year or 2 years, it still could be more of a factor. And certainly within the year, we have kind – it kind of affects some quarter-to-quarter movement.
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say so, because while we had a tougher year from a dispense standpoint, it was actually down say in the electronics side and we filled in with solid products, but not at the same kind of margin profile. So, that’s fairly extreme. So, I would expect as we continue to broaden the base for that to moderate a bit and that’s a key focus. I mean, obviously, when we take advantage of the growth there and the good customer relationships we have and the benefit that technology can play in delivering sort of leading edge products, so we don’t want to give up on that, but we do have a strong focus to diversify both markets, applications and customers.
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say overall, our priorities at the highest level are the same, support organic growth first, keep our dividends string going. Second, offset dilution. Third, there is relatively modest. So, then it comes down to the M&A activity that you are pointing out and then what else we might do opportunistically from the share side. And I would say couple of things. We did say we were going to take a little bit of a breather here in the first part of the year to continue to complete the latest integrations and the kind of work down our leverage a little bit and we are doing that. I would say the pipeline out there still tends to be smaller opportunities in some of our businesses with the exception of medical, where there are smaller opportunities than potentially a couple of larger ones. So, I would say that’s the area probably where there is more opportunities. Timing is always questionable. I would say pricing is still fairly robust. So, it’s still relatively a sellers market at the moment. And that varies in terms of the kind of opportunities that you are looking at, whether it’s a product tuck-in versus something more substantial. So, we see a pretty robust pipeline in general, typically smaller deals with the potential of some larger ones in the medical side. It’s hard to predict when they might come forward or come to market. Some of them – a lot of them tend to be private owners and that’s always tough to judge.
Mike Hilton: So, I would say, directionally, you are correct, we are improving. I mean, we have taken action across the segments and in terms of some restructuring and then you are seeing some of that improvement come through. As I mentioned a little while ago, we still have some work to do in terms of realizing all of the benefits on the plastic side from improvements and some of the restructuring that we have underway. And of course, then there is volume leverage as that comes back. So as we have said, I think in the past our goal is to get that segment up to the 30% margin plus point. The specific timing is still probably a couple of years out when you think about it on an annual basis. We can have quarters, I think where we will be approaching that, but on an annual basis, it’s still probably a couple of years out when we complete all of the efforts that we have ongoing in our plastics business. But directionally, we are moving with improvements across all elements of the business.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, what – just a couple of high level comments. Overall, we talked about getting out of one facility in the Netherlands. We talked about consolidating multiple German facilities into a single facility. We are on process to do that. We have talked about other consolidation in our dies business in the U.S. We are in process to do that. We still have some additional consolidation to do as well. Some of that is dependent on expansions in other places. So in other words, there is an expansion in one site and consolidation in other. So, we have got a very thoughtful plan on how to do that. So, we have multiple phases here. I would say we are well into probably complete – almost complete in the first phase and we have some other things that we are working on. Really not going to comment anymore specifically on that until those plans are more fully fleshed out and communicated, but we are making good progress there. We have seen the benefits that we expected to see from the actions that we have taken. And we have taken actions across the business, not just in the plastics area reflecting sort of the softer environment, we are seeing from a macro standpoint and our desire to make that structural improvement in margins. So, it’s not just a plastics activity, it’s across multiple businesses. If you recall last year in our EFD business, we consolidated in Europe, exited a facility. And in the medical business, we expanded in Colorado, got out of manufacturing in Minnesota. We are expanding in Mexico to support our assembly operations. So, these are the supply chain moves we are making outside of just the plastics area.
Mike Hilton: The other thing as you look out you are comparing against a pretty strong quarter into Q3 of last year and so the comparable is maybe a little bit tougher as well.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I mean, I think we are trying to give you the best snapshot that we have. I mean, as Greg said, if you went into last quarter, our backlog was pretty solid at 8%. The order rate was a little softer. We had some guidance that was kind of in the middle and the order rate picked up. Here we are a quarter later the backlog is a little softer. The order rate is pretty solid. We are giving you our best estimate. But as you have just said, we got a lot of business that comes in and out in a relatively short period of time in a matter of weeks. We have a good view of the project activity and the list associated with it. Our customers aren’t always as clear on their expectations, both in the placement of the order and the delivery. And so that can move around. So, we are good at dealing with that. It does make it a little more challenging to forecast.
Mike Hilton: So, just first comment, the non-wovens business is a good business for us. So, I wouldn’t categorize it as low margin business first of all. Secondly, what I would say is there is lot of change there that’s driving kind of nice growth. So, from an overall mix standpoint, I think what we have talked about in the past, we have sort of three areas in that sort of more traditional adhesives business, the packaging piece which tends to be our highest and then the non-wovens in the product assembly and that sort of order the product assembly takes more of an integrated systems approach and so the margins tend to be a little bit lower. They are all good margins though.
Mike Hilton: Alright. With no further questions, I want to thank everyone for participating in the call. We appreciate your support. Thank you.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Well, this is Greg. That gross margin dilution in the third quarter is pretty typical with the volume growth where we have a heavier mix of systems versus parts. So, it isn’t necessarily a big shift in segment per se, but it’s more a mix of systems versus parts.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Kevin, this is Greg. Just to add a couple of comments to that. I would say what we also did see in the quarter of above and beyond what we characterized as project activity that we anticipated to come in but shift during the third quarter. So that clearly benefited second quarter. But what we also saw during the quarter and this would affect within the Advanced Tech segment, both the electronic systems as well as fluid management product lines is a good pace of order activity that came in, in the quarter and got out during the quarter. And I think that highlights what we have seen from our customers’ behavior over the last couple of years is this demand to shorten lead times and we are really good at reacting to those kind of demands. So it was a good pace of order volume that came in during the quarter. So it wasn’t in our order rates or backlog leading into the quarter that we are able to turn around and get out during the quarter as well.
Greg Thaxton: Well, I think to Mike’s point, we’ll see some lumpiness in those order rates. And in terms of what that demand looks like on a going forward basis, we are at that point in time, as we mentioned, where we tend to get stronger order activity in the cycle over this time period, our second, third quarter that leads to volume shipping in the third and fourth a bit stronger than the first half of the year. One other comment I would make is one – at least in our electronic systems business area, one of the things that’s moderating sort of the growth is if you recall last year, we had very significant growth in our surface treatment business related to a new application. So we are seeing some new opportunities in that business with other customers that haven’t come forward yet. So we are up against some pretty tough comps there. So the dispense piece and the test and inspection piece look very robust. The service treatment piece is a bit weaker really based on the tough comp in the prior year, but we do have good prospects to spread that technology more broadly, may hit this year or may not hit till next year.
Greg Thaxton: No, Chris, this is Greg. FX would have had a slight dilutive effect on both gross margin and operating margin.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Charlie, this is Greg. I think you have got it to suggest that kind of during the quarter as we entered the quarter, order rates have been up 1%, coming into the second quarter. We saw good demand activity during the quarter clearly that helped drive this performance, sales performance in the second quarter and it’s a snapshot. So, you get variability from week-to-week, but as we looked at where those order rates were the latest 12 weeks, we are up 4%. So, that would suggest that we had some strong pace during the quarter that moderated a bit towards the end of the quarter.
