Scott McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom continued to perform particularly well in the December quarter, with better revenue results than we anticipated. Broadcom's quarterly revenue growth was well above seasonal, with record sales of $1.95 billion.  On a product revenue basis, this is up 8% sequentially, and over 47% from the solid sales growth quarter one year ago. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was led by strength in our Mobile & Wireless business, which was up 14% sequentially. Our Broadband and Infrastructure sales also reached record highs, up 3% and 4%, respectively. Broadcom's strong revenue growth was driven by new product ramps and increasing attach rates in a number of wired and wireless communications markets.  Broadcom far surpassed our 2010 financial goals of gaining market share while driving meaningful financial leverage. Broadcom's annual revenue increased approximately 52% year-over-year, significantly better than the overall industry growth of 25%. We delivered almost 17 full points of improvement in product operating margin and achieved record EPS of $1.99. As a result, Broadcom has exceptional cash flow from operations of approximately $1.4 billion, and our cash and marketable securities position increased to a record level of $4.1 billion.  Broadcom's goal remains to create great products that enable us to grow our market share and deliver strong profitability and robust cash flow from operations. We believe we can achieve all of these objectives while at the same time increasing the return of capital to our shareholders. Our confidence in cutting-edge solutions and solid financial discipline is the basis for the announcement we made this afternoon to increase our quarterly dividend by 12.5% and to accelerate our share repurchase program.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the fourth quarter results and first quarter guidance.
Scott McGregor: In terms of Q1 seasonality on our Wireless business, we look across that -- we it to be roughly in line with what we've seen over the last five years. We do believe that, that business will continue to grow strongly. And I would say that will be one of our strongest growth drivers over the course of the year. So I view it as more of a quarterly fluctuation rather than any indication of a let-up in attach rates and strength in that business.
Scott McGregor: In the combo chips, we're seeing extremely strong design win traction. We've got a number of new products we've announced recently, and they're being very well received by customers. We continue to have what we believe are the best combo chip solutions out there. And our customers are reflecting that in terms of their design win choices. So that's really the basis by which we see that as strong growth going forward. Both that and the increased attach rates we talked about at Analyst Day. In the cellular space, we have said previously we are working with additional customers, but we don't have any announcements to make right now. And we'll generally announce those products as they start to ship in the market.
Scott McGregor: I regret, Craig, it's hard to do that. The customers we have today, we don't like to preannounce their models and their plans, and generally, for new customers, we want to wait for those to come into the market before those are announced. So I'll adjourn on that.
Scott McGregor: Certainly. In the Broadband, there's one or two customers that we believe ordered more in Q4 than the underlying demand would support. And we think they did that because there'd been a long tightness in the industry, and I think they finally got all they hoped for. And so we believe that's a one-quarter effect in inventory issue in Q1. And as I said in my earlier remarks, we do expect that business to bounce back strongly in Q2. So it is a short-term effect, and I can't give you the specific customer or the specific area. But it is quite limited, but it probably had the effect of moving $10 million or $20 million higher in Q4 versus what we would have otherwise seen in Q1.
Scott McGregor: I think, going back to the inventory situation, we had a pretty tight supply situation and some fairly long lead times throughout 2010 because of the robust growth in the industry. And so a lot of customers were concerned about whether they would get enough parts. So we think some of them might have gotten a little over-excited on that and maybe ordered a little ahead of what they actually needed. We are in close communication with these customers, and we have pretty good visibility, especially in the Broadband space, into the end markets. And so, based on what we see in the end markets and our conversations with those customers, we believe that it is a fairly simple -- and it's specific to a couple of parts and one or two customers. So we believe we've got a good handle on this.
Scott McGregor: I think that's hard for us to do. We're always surprised by what grows the fastest, but in general, I would expect our Wireless business to be our fastest-growing business. We believe we have good opportunities in Broadband and Infrastructure as well. But I would probably say, of the three, I'd expect the Wireless business to be the fastest grower. Probably a little harder to judge the other two.
Scott McGregor: Well, our strategy is very much intact, and we've, I think, been quite good at ramping the two prime customers we've already announced. 2010 was a very important year for us as we did ramp Nokia in addition to Samsung. And so we had two very strong customers going into the end of the year. And in fact, our Cellular Baseband business had outstanding performance into the fourth quarter. So very, very good results from that team. We do see a continued drive to create what we believe are integrated handheld devices and that Broadcom's got a very strong advantage across the breadth of our technologies. And the combined organization really allows us to bring all the power of combining various of those technologies into single devices, and we'll continue to do that. I think Broadcom is one of the very few number of companies that are capable of that kind of integration, and so we believe we can offer strong solutions for our customers there. We have said at Analyst Day we will look to add additional customers, and I apologize, I can't announce any of those until they're shipping in the market, but they will indeed show up. And I think for those of you who were at CES, you probably saw some interesting new technologies there, not only the debut of some of our 4G technologies but also significant performance increases on ARM Cortex-A9 processors. And I think if you put all of those together, you can probably get a sense of where we're headed. In terms of organization, Scott Bibaud now does report to Bob Rango, and we'll say more about that over the course of the year.
Scott McGregor: Tim, as far as gross margin goes, certainly on the GAAP side as we move out of Q1 into Q2, we should get some benefit as we wash out the stepped-up inventory. And that should provide a bit of a tailwind on a GAAP basis. Beyond that, I think it really gets down to the mix cost and price part of our business and continuing to drive smaller die sizes and better cost positions with our products as we innovate. I think that we are very focused on it. All of the businesses are very focused on it. It's hard to have a conversation about a product these days without a discussion about how its gross margin will be accretive to the business. So those are the things that we're focused on. I think as the enterprise market picks up, probably into 2011, we'll benefit from that, certainly on the mix side.
Scott McGregor: I think we've said consistently that there are a number of technologies that we do not believe will be stand-alone chips going forward, whether it's cellular baseband or application processor. And we believe that our customers are looking to integrate a lot of these for cost savings, for power savings, also for footprint savings inside of relatively space-constrained devices. And Broadcom's strength is the breadth of our IP and the ability to integrate all those technologies into a single device. If you look at the product that we talked about at CES for tablets, it's a very interesting product. It not only had the north-of-one-gigahertz ARM Cortex-A9s, dual ARM A9s, but it also had all kinds of VoIP technology and video processing technology and a variety of peripheral support and so really created a much more complete solution for somebody creating a tablet, which brings the cost down. And so you're able to create very, very high-performing tablets for a bill of materials that are below $100. And so we believe that making a lot of these great technologies available in a very price-performing package, an overall solution is a real differentiator, and I think you'll see us continue to do that. I think a lot of our competitors who only do application processors, who only do basebands or other things, are going to have a problem that they won't be able to compete in terms of creating that overall solution. They may have a great, excellent component, but as we found with combo chips, having an excellent component doesn't play when things begin to consolidate.
Scott McGregor: Networking business is driven by a number of things. One is the explosion of data across the networks. And Cisco, by the way, has a very good white paper on this that details exactly where a lot of that growth is coming from and what's driving it. Certainly, as many of the cellular carriers have found, if you put a lot of smartphones on these mobile networks, they use a lot of bandwidth. And so there's a tremendous opportunity not only in providing the air protocols for those devices, but in all of the mobile backhaul as well, and so a tremendous networking opportunity there. And then, of course, tying that together across the Internet backbone, where Broadcom has a very sizable position. And then into the cloud data centers. And in the cloud data centers and in enterprise, as people are trying to drive more video data and pictorial data, it's driving the bandwidth way up. And so, for example, our acquisition of Dune for creating a very high-performance switch fabric is getting incredible customer demand because, frankly, just nothing else can switch at those kind of sustained rates for a very large data center. So those are the kind of things that are driving it. There's also an evolution from gigabit technology to 10G. As the cost and power consumption of 10G over copper, 10GBASE-T, starts to come down, we believe that'll drive both an ASP increase and a replacement cycle in a lot of the high-end enterprise devices. And then just overall switching support for 10G and 40G and 100G going forward.
Scott McGregor: We do believe that the cellular business is a growth business for us this year. We are still not completely penetrated into some of our larger customers, so there is a potential for larger EDGE sales. So not only larger EDGE sales, but we do expect to grow our 3G business as well.
Scott McGregor: Well, connectivity in Tablets is definitely an opportunity in the March quarter. Tablets has definitely captured the imagination of many people, and Broadcom's combo products are in most of the tablet products that are out there. So it really allows us to have an opportunity as Tablets continue to grow and become more popular. In terms of some of the tablet products, which include the processors and other things, that we showed at CES, that's probably not a large opportunity for us in the March quarter. That'll happen more over the next couple of years as we get into some new designs there and get traction on those. We do have some designs shipping today. The NTT DoCoMo product, for example, and some other carrier-based tablets are shipping today, and that'll probably be the first place we see the growth for complete tablet solutions from Broadcom. And in the meantime, we'll do very well in terms of the wireless connectivity side, GPS and then probably, as we go into next year, things like NFC, which I think will be very important in tablets as well.
Scott McGregor: I think there will continue to be some tightness throughout 2011. There's been some structural underbuild in overall foundry capacity for the last couple of years, and so I think that'll linger throughout 2011. And certainly, if the economy picks up more strongly than people are expecting, that could become as tight or even tighter than 2011, which would be good for ASPs and other things. I do believe Broadcom can get the wafers we need. We have very good relationships across a number of the top foundry partners. So I think right now, we're seeing some seasonal softness in the industry which has reduced the overloading that the foundries were seeing last year to more normal levels. I think a number of them reported in the last couple of weeks, and they're now getting to be high but relatively normal-loading. And we'll see how that goes forward. Some were bringing on additional capacity, which will help, and Broadcom is certainly looking at migrating a number of our products into smaller feature sizes. Most of our products are now in 65-nanometer, approximately 2/3 of our products, or 65% of our products are in 65-nanometer. I think I recall the other day looking at that coincidence. But we'll be moving more rapidly into 40 nanometer and other things. So in general, I think it's going to be an interesting year. I think it's going to get tight in the second half, and I think Broadcom is in a good position with our various foundry partners to weather that.
Scott McGregor: Let me take a couple of facts on answering that question. Certainly, for this year, all of the design wins have pretty much been decided already for what's going to be in smartphones and tablets this year. So we feel pretty good about our market position continuing to lead in combination chips across smartphones and tablets up throughout 2011. Going forward, we believe that we will increase the competitiveness of our products, both in terms of moving to smaller feature sizes, adding new features and adding new technologies, everything from new varieties of wireless LAN, there's some technologies called 802.11ac and ad, they'd increase bandwidth and increase some of the capacity of those devices. There's various new Bluetooth technologies coming out. NFC, we are big fans of NFC. We think NFC will have extremely high penetration into mobile devices. It could be as high as -- it could catch up with Bluetooth in terms of attach rate because of what a lot of the carriers and other players are thinking of doing with that technology. So there are additional technologies beyond that that we haven't announced or discussed publicly. So we will continue to create very competitive combo products not only with creating great combinations of the products we have today in technologies we have today, but we'll try and push that forefront constantly.
Scott McGregor: We see tightness more in the 65 and 40 nanometer area and less in the larger geometries. I think a lot of people have moved to those smaller feature sizes. Certainly, we have now with the majority of our volume coming from 65 and down. And so, however, that is where most of the foundries are adding new capacity. So we'll see how that develops over the course of the year in terms of who wins the race, capacity or load.
Scott McGregor: I think there's a distinct seasonality to the cell phone business as people tend to buy a lot more products around the holiday season in the latter part of the year. So I would expect, as is normal, to see Q1 and Q2 a little more subdued versus fairly stronger, relatively stronger Q3s and Q4s. I would expect that seasonality pattern to show itself in this year as well. So it's a combination for us of continuing to ramp with that seasonality overlay. And so that's probably how to model that business for us.
Scott McGregor: I think lead times are getting to be relatively normal. They're probably slightly elevated versus normal but not excessively so. So definitely in the range of normal. Throughout all of last year, Broadcom was able to deliver product to customers ordered at lead time. And so there wasn't a lot of incentive to order more products than you needed except for a very few areas. The one exception we saw was where customers themselves would see a surge in demand on very short notice, and so they would see customer demand over a couple-of-week period. And as you know, when we're looking at 10-plus-week lead times, if they want it in three weeks, it's sort of the old if you have nine women, you can't have a baby in one month. It's a little bit of that problem. And so the tightness we saw in 2010 was more around surging demand. We still do see that from customers. They're selling various products, and they'll get upside in products, and they'll ask us for a lot more than we could possibly deliver. But generally, anyone who orders at lead time, we can provide products for them in those lead times and reliably deliver that.
Scott McGregor: With regard to switches, we do expect to see some growth from switches this year, although it'll be moderate and not the kinds of levels of growth we would see from some of our wireless technologies this year, but it should be good, solid, steady growth in that space. In terms of NFC, the market right now is selling NFC as discrete products, and we certainly have the capability to do discrete products. I believe over the next few years, the market will transition to integrated products, and for us, it makes a lot of sense to see NFC integrated as part of a larger product and makes less sense as a stand-alone product going forward. And so as we announce products and make it more visible what we're doing in that space, I think you'll see us follow that market trend of moving towards integrated products over the next couple of years. But it will be a discrete market initially.
Scott McGregor: The first question on tablet design cycles, I'd say they're roughly the same as what we see in cell phone designs. There are companies that take a long time with cell phones and do a lot of differentiation and added value, and there are companies that rush them to market and have relatively little differentiation. I think there's a flurry of tablets being rushed to market right now with little differentiation. And so certainly, for those, it'll move fairly quickly. I think we will see a broad opportunity to participate in wireless connectivity, as I mentioned before, and increasingly in complete tablet solutions as we roll out the products we announced at CES and additional products going forward there. In terms of some of the people who do add more value in tablets and more differentiation, we continue to work with them on a variety of fronts and see opportunities there. So I wouldn't characterize it, really, as a different environment or one that requires radically different R&D than what we're doing anyway in some of the cell phone space and smartphone space. It's interesting that most of the successful tablets are really smartphone architectures put into a larger form factor with a larger screen and battery.
Scott McGregor: In China's spending, it's hard to give you much more color than we did, but we do work very closely with some of the largest infrastructure providers in China. Some of the largest networking companies there work closely with us, and if you open up their boxes, they're largely made of Broadcom chips. So we do have some insight into that market, but hard to give you much more color on that. In terms of digital television, we do have a lot more competitive chips out right now. Our 40 nanometer chips are seeing quite good traction in the market. I believe we're getting very strong design win traction and have gotten that over the last year. And as those products deploy, I do believe that's going to be one of the higher-percentage growth driver businesses for us over the course of this year.
Scott McGregor: I guess I see it largely as not a big factor for us. I mean, Atheros was a competitor for us in wireless LAN, and as part of Qualcomm, we expect they will continue to be a competitor for us. We believe that our ability to create combo chips is better than them in the past and better than them in their new home. We would observe that in their new home, they still don't have good Bluetooth. They still don't have a good NFC solution. They still don't have good FM radio. And while we wouldn't put it past our larger competitor to buy CSR and SLAB and all the rest of those guys, it's a big difference between, first of all, not having those components, which is the current state, to having them and figuring out how to integrate them into a high-quality solution. And one of the things we found with combo chips is that the combo chip is only as good as the weakest link in the combo chip. So you can have the best wireless LAN in the world, but if your Bluetooth isn't top-notch, if your FM radio isn't top-notch, they won't use the chip. And so I think that's what's really interesting about Broadcom is that we are best-in-class in GPS, best-in-class in Bluetooth, best-in-class in wireless LAN, FM radio, NFC, across the board. And that's an unusual combination, and I think our competitors are going to have a hard time putting the same thing together.
Scott McGregor: In terms of the wireless LAN business size, we don't break out that number, I apologize. But I'll let Eric speak to your amortization questions.
Scott McGregor: So that brings us to the conclusion of our call. In closing, I'd like to leave you with a few thoughts. Broadcom had an exceptional year in 2010. We've grown more than twice as fast as the industry, with significant market share gains in almost all of our businesses, and we're looking forward to additional share expansion and model profitability in 2011. And finally, as a reminder, we'll be hosting an analyst open house at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on Valentine's Day, February 14, for all of us who will be enjoying that away from home, at 4 p.m. local time. If you need additional details on this event, please give Chris or John a call. And with that, thank you very much, and have a good day.
Eric Brandt: And, Jim, as far as the acquisitions in Q1, they weren't material, they were single-digit-million revenues.
Eric Brandt: There are two step-downs. There is a fringe step-down. There should be a stock-based compensation step-down as well. Beyond that, the merit increase only has, really, one month, so you have a full quarter effect, so that steps up again a little bit in Q2. Legal, I don't know. But over the last year, we did probably, with the exclusion of Q4 and Q1, we were guiding to $20 million to $25 million a quarter. I would expect as we look at 2011 that number to look like $5 million to $10 million less sequentially going forward. So it will be -- it should be a slower ramp based on the current expectations of industry growth rates. If that accelerates, we may accelerate as well, but it would be behind the revenue curve.
Eric Brandt: In terms of cellular customers, we have a great deal of interest from a lot of the cellular customers. And I think, keeping to our strategy of focusing on the larger customers, we'll probably look for the larger, more important customers as our next customers going forward. So we'll continue that strategy. But I do believe we're seeing a lot of interest from these customers in the products we've been doing.
Eric Brandt: Again, Uche, the best I can do at this point because of the nature of the way takeouts are lumpy, and sometimes legal can be lumpy, is to say that we certainly are entering 2011 with a more attenuated view on operating expenses than what we did in 2010, which was growing quite significantly. As we roll across the year, I think we will see $5 million to $10 million less sequential increases than what we saw in 2010. Beyond that, because of the way tape out, sometimes snow plow or other costs come in, or if we do an M&A transaction, it's very hard for me to do that. But I'm just trying to give you the best picture of how we're thinking about growing OpEx now that we're at model, much more closely aligned with what we think revenue growth will be.
Eric Brandt: Sure. So I don't think the step-ups you see really reflect what's going on in the underlying business. The step-up in stock-based compensation in Q4 plus $8 million of acquisition absorption in Q4 really drove the OpEx well above what it would normally be and what the underlying OpEx is. If you look at Q1, again, it's the same thing. It's a series of underlying things that are not within our control. If you add up the merit increase plus the fringe with the stock-based compensation that moves from the merit increase and the legal cost, that's $55 million of the $45 million to $55 million. So what you see is, underneath that, is that our underlying cost control is actually much tighter than what it looks like with the guidance we provided. And so we haven't changed our view of our operating model. And on a non-GAAP basis, with operating margins at 20% to 22%, we're operating above that today. We think we'll operate in that range in 2011 and, from a GAAP perspective, 15% to 17% on a product operating margin basis. So nothing from our perspective in terms of what's going on in our business due to the acquisition-related charges and the step-up of stock-based compensation in Q4 and Q1 change our long-term view of the business. And hence why I made the point that the operating expenses would be lower than what we saw in 2010 as we go across 2011 and we begin to match operating expenses much more closely with revenue growth.
Eric Brandt: Sure. So we were running $20 million to $25 million through most of 2010. And so $5 million to $10 million less than that $20 million to $25 million, I think, is a reasonable sequential growth rate for OpEx as we look at 2011.
Eric Brandt: So I think a couple of things. First of all, on the share count, I think it will begin, most likely, to flatten out. It'll drift up a little bit over the course of the year depending on option exercises, but for the most part, I think it'll begin to flatten out from what it's grown at, in the 5% to 10% range, once we get past that. The second question you had on stock-based comp, I think it'll step up in Q1, and then it'll proceed to step down through the rest of the year, probably down -- hang on one second. I have that -- but down some amount. You said $5 million to $10 million a quarter? About $5 million to $10 million a quarter.
Eric Brandt: Sure. So as it relates to the inventory side of the house, they were up about $60 million quarter-on-quarter. They're actually up about 65% year-on-year on revenue growth of about 55% on a product basis. And the delta there is principally driven by increased VMI-related inventory, which hits us about a half a turn. Pretty much from this point going forward, it's been going from about 10 or 20 basis points going up to closer to 50. And with a bit of the longer lead times that we saw -- that'd probably hit us somewhere between a quarter and a half a turn. I would guess that as we sort of roll into 2011 that we'll, and things stabilize on the lead times, that we'll see inventory turns begin to stabilize and maybe drift back up towards the 7% range. So 6.5% is probably a little low for where we'd like to be. I think 7% is closer. 8% is probably harder now with the increase in BMI inventory that we've got. With respect to gross margin, your math is correct. It would be right around 49% or just below 49%. The step-up charges, pretty much the inventory that we acquired, should wash its way out in Q1, maybe a little bit in Q2. There will be continued amortization charges, but part of it is also what's going on with respect to absorption. And as we step down in revenue from quarter-on-quarter, we get hit probably close to 30 basis points on absorption. As the revenue continues to grow to the more seasonal side of Q2 and Q3, we'll pick up absorption benefits as well. And obviously, the higher revenue, the lower the impact from the amortization as it goes through.
Eric Brandt: And with respect to your gross margin question, I think it's probably useful to step back from all the stuff that goes on and the other cost of sales and look at the standard margin of the company. When you look at the standard margin of the company, and Q4 being a very, very strong growth year for growth quarter well sequentially from Q3 on the Mobile & Wireless side, the standard margin between Q3 and Q4 is, ostensibly, flat. So even as the mix is shifting to the Mobile side of the business, we've been pretty good at holding our standard margins relatively constant. And part of that is driven by the continued introduction of a number of the new products that are cost-optimized, both in 65 and now, as we look in 2011, more in 40, which will repair, in some cases, where we have certain 65 nanometer products that are below margins. So while the Mobile & Wireless business can be below the corporate average and it does present a bit of a challenge, I think to the extent that we can improve the margin in that business and improve the margin in some of the other businesses with the new and more integrated products we're launching, you will see the ability, we believe, to try to head off some of that mix effect that you're talking about.
Eric Brandt: Yes. It will step up. Shawn, maybe what we can do is follow up on that. I don't have that number on my hands right here, but it will step up as we go into Q2, because that Q4 is only a partial quarter of amortization. So my guess is in the vicinity -- I don't want to guess. We'll follow up with you when we give you a call, but it'll step up probably some amount in Q1 and beyond for those transactions as we get the purchase accounting complete for those transactions.
