Hock Tan: Yes, Ross thanks for the question. Yes, it's -- in fact it's a phenomenon we have been indicating to you guys for the last several years which is over the medium term -- long-term, I would say, our strength of franchise in cellular and our RF cellular analog, the front end cellular analog, which includes FBAR and power amplifiers and all the circuitry and component that goes in front of the transceiver in the handset for cellular. That's one area and the other area in Wi-Fi Bluetooth connectivity. Those two functionality, those two features in phones continue to evolve and with each generation. And as each generation evolves, when it involves, in the case of RF cellular is two-fold. One is basically more band as we progress -- as more and more countries globally progress into 4G and eventually even further beyond that. More and more bands -- spectral bandwidths get pulled into the fold and number of skills of phones get less and less for any major OEM manufacturer simply because of complexity of these phones. And so because of more bands, it requires more filters, more components like power amplifiers -- low noise amplifiers and because of that necessary content increases. I should also add the difficulty of engineering those products increased fairly exponentially, which therefore drives towards better and better content for us into those very high-end flagship smartphones. In the case of wireless connectivity, the same phenomenon is happening and it's particularly driven on bandwidth on the peer [ph] throughput as we move from -- what we gradually move from what used to be much lower bandwidth in Wi-Fi to today's AC. As we move from to single users to multiple users and as we move next generation from AC into AX and further. Obviously, difficulty of doing those products in smartphones become correspondingly more difficult, content increases and we benefit from basically content increase. It's a normal phenomenon and we expect to see that continuing into the medium term.
Hock Tan: I think the fairest way to answer that is we have articulated last fiscal year very clearly and even a year ago when we acquired Broadcom, as long as a year ago, that we were scaled and we were diversification of product portfolio. Our long-term model, out five years, 10 years is a compounded annual growth of 5%. Not every year necessarily, but long-term 5%. And why we feel the need to mention it is obviously you saw the numbers we were guiding for Q2 on the topline and they're showing 15% year-on-year from a year ago. That's just one quarter and obviously just one fiscal year, one point in time. So, we felt it necessary to just mention it that do not just take it and extrapolate it to say that we have move away from our broad model on guidance of 5% compounded annual growth in the long term to a 15%, far from it.
Hock Tan: To be -- I don't have specific data between to be able to speed out accurately between units and content, but off the cuff, my sense is it's largely content.
Hock Tan: That's a very interesting question and on the switching side, which is a subset, obviously, of our Wired segment, which is our largest segment, but just if you look at our switching and routing sites, fair way to put it together, which is really data center networking business, we continue to see strength through the rest of the year. We see -- a big part of that strength we see is simply because of a very strong data center demand -- data center buildup by the cloud operators. We're seeing that now and I suspect that phenomenon will still continue, particularly when we start to ramp-up newer generation with high-bandwidth of Tomahawks and Tridents and as we go later part in the year of our DMX router and aggregation switches. So, we see that and this momentum to be fairly good based on demand -- intrinsic demand out there in data center expansion, especially into the cloud, but also from the fact that we're launching a few very key new products in this year.
Hock Tan: I'll be [Indiscernible] our visibility in the SSDs are not as good as perhaps our customers are. A big part of it is there are three parts to our Enterprise Storage, three broad parts, one is very related to storage server connectivity, that's the rate part and the Fiber Channel whole part side of it rate. And then there is the components we ship into hard disk drives. And hard disk drive has experience as you well know a strong surge over the last several months probably because flash have been in short supply. And the last and smallest part of our business in Enterprise Storage is really related to Enterprise flash controllers for SSD. And that's really a small part. So, we don't get that broad visibility into this SSD market as a lot of other people would. But you're, right now, it's very, very strong and especially in SAS.
Hock Tan: For very competitive reasons I really hate to give you specifics here. Suffice to say it's very well received. We have a lot of momentum on our entire switch portfolio. And by the way as Tomahawk doesn't fully replace Trident, Trident is using a different segment versus Tomahawk and both are going very well as are the Jericho products, which are more aggregation switching and routing. So, broadly our portfolio of -- from high end down to even low range -- on the low-end range of switching -- campus switching pointers [ph], those are all going very well. And I suspect it's all largely due to the strength in data center spending that still receive continue, particularly more recently since we had very strong conversion of Enterprises into the cloud.
Hock Tan: Okay. Carrier aggregation as you well know is the phenomenon of especially benefiting operators who have multiple spectral bandwidth, not necessarily one but multiple, and interest of reducing CapEx infrastructure is the phenomenon of enabling those bandwidths to max together into one, which creates much more capacity throughput and that's not only in infrastructure, it goes into the phone. And we are probably one of the leading enablers in the phone of making that happen simply because not just of architectural design of the cellular RF analog, but also the fact that FBAR filters which are FBAR, are much better performing and more integral -- have been able to integrate it into a module to allow of that maxing and de-maxing separate spectral bands. And that's happening. It started very aggressively obviously in China continuing to be very much so in China. It's also happening very aggressively in the U.S. Those are the two biggest geographies where a lot of that is happening, started with downlink last year, I think, and it's now moving on to up-linking, not just downlinking, which, of course, then part of reason why it's helping create -- not the only reason, but one of the reasons creating increased content in a cellular RF demand. So, it's great for us and we see that phenomenon continuing to grow and expand into other regions of the world.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, it's a very interesting point and as we -- if you look back to a year ago when we just closed the Broadcom transaction every quarter since then, we have been able to expand our gross margin in the range of roughly 40, 50 basis points sequentially. A big part of it is as we settle down the portfolio, as we start to get the benefit of larger scale in purchasing materials and as very specific actions like taking -- basically bringing testing very much in-house and consigning testers to contract manufacturers instead of leasing test time for our huge volume of semiconductor chips. All those various actions -- a lot of a big part of this expansion of gross margin comes from a scale and ability to leverage on the scale in direct materials. It also helps that our product margin as we move from one generation to the other, keeps getting richer in terms of the mix. So, that's a combination of those two things. And in terms of where will it go from here? Frankly, I don't know. Best indicator is probably to look at history.
Hock Tan: That's a very interest -- good question actually, very insightful and let me try to explain it on our Wired business. You're right, it's our biggest segment and in simple terms broadly, there are two groups of products here and end markets. There's switching and routing, you correctly put out and that come from various fronts from standard switching and routing, as well ASICs, which is also part in there, as would be building block products as well as fiber optics components. That business is very Enterprise driven directly and has actually done very well even on a year-on-year -- especially on a year-on-year basis because it's growing as we move from 10-gigabit few years ago -- couple of years ago, to increasingly 25 and 100 coming out very fast. As that transition happens very fast, obviously it's driving and you always hear products like Trident going to Tomahawk, especially in the very high end and at Jericho. All these are related to data center switching and that's very, very -- that's driving growth on all infrastructure on a very stable basis, but driving growth very nicely close to high single-digits, even double-digits. Then the other part of the segment, which is pretty big too, is our broadband. And here the set-top box on the CP side and access gateways like DSL/PON on the infrastructure side. And here the business is stable; it's very stable, has been stable for the last couple -- few years and continues to be very stable and it's also very seasonal. And you will see that the later part of second half of the year is typically when it drives up and in the first half of the year is when it shows a seasonal decline. Hence in my opening remarks, I was mentioning that Q1 -- fiscal Q1 is probably a very seasonal low point and it gradually picks up seasonally later part of Q2, but certainly Q3, and then starts rolling over again, but if you look at it year-on-year, relatively very stable. So, we have a confluence of two segments mixed together in our Wired business which is what you're seeing. It dilutes basically the strength, the growth of switching and routing, but nonetheless, both are very franchise product, very franchise business and drives stability in this company.
Hock Tan: Great question. Giving the opportunity to expand a little propaganda here, again, as we've already articulated. The franchise products we're in, the -- we are the technology; we are also the market leader in those areas. In those niches, some of them are very large niche, but we are the technology leader and we don't get there by not investing. We invested, as my remarks said and I said many times, very heavily in those areas we are in. We develop products that generally in those franchise areas before anybody else do it out there. And that's why we can sustain it, that's why our margins are the way it is because we provide products that allow our customers to differentiate and innovate themselves. So, we invest very heavily and you look at our total R&D, we invest in total $2.7 billion a year as a company in R&D. We're the best engineers out there; we have the best products in this area. So, that's really where we continue to sustain leadership in our existing franchise products. In some of those flights of fantasy somewhat that you covered earlier, we're not -- I'm not saying it won't happen. I will be direct, let somebody else take another hits and then we'll buy the company if it's successful. Thank you.
Hock Tan: You are really trying to pass the data, aren't you? It's all a combination really. It is -- and you obviously know out there it's also timing of some of the shipments and purchases by our two largest customers. So, there's a bunch of -- a few factors involved in here. One of which was there's timing this quarter differences in timing. There's the fact that you're right, Korean customer is coming in with a vengeance to try to recover share. And broadly, we're also talking about content increases as each new generation comes in and it's not even the Korean customer it's also the major North American customer. And it's a mix of all these factors. Have I sat down and broken it out in detail? No. We don't try to analyze it to that in degree, but those multiple factors mix pull together to basically indicate that the seasonality -- the downward seasonality that we saw a year ago is perhaps less pronounced this year.
Hock Tan: Well, there are opportunities for us in China, and -- but the focus of our success and our product success in Wireless, especially content increases year-on-year is -- as you know, we push the cutting edge on technology. Be it wireless Wi-Fi connectivity or RF cellular, we push the envelope and that tends to go very much largely to the flagship class phones. That top of the pyramid where a big part of it has been our major North American customer and Korean customer, plus a few other guys spread around. That's where our strength is, that's where the demand and value seen our products can have. As China evolve over time, having said that, the opportunity exists, they will move from feature phones to low-end smartphones to now some premium phones. And we begin to get traction on even those premium phones to the extent that those brands in China use it, and that's why we need the technological engineering edge that we provide in the products. Until then, they need less of it. Except -- with exceptions like carrier aggregation when we obviously are the leader in providing solutions for carrier aggregation on a discrete basis. But on an integrated basis into smartphones, it's really the flagship phones and now increasingly premium phones making its way into flagship phones that we see the demand. And that transition is happening in China, albeit, on a very gradual basis, but we're very patient people, we'll wait for it.
Hock Tan: That's a very insightful question and we see the SSD controllers for Enterprise to be a lot of it will be outsourced. Why? Because there are certain IP inherent in those Enterprise flash controllers that are very tricky to do. Not dissimilar from the re-channel of hard disk drives, so that will happen. [Indiscernible], because the nature of [Indiscernible], it's not so complex technology, IP required is not so extreme. We see that as probably less opportunistic for us, though one never knows. But certainly on Enterprise, which is where we are very focused on, we see a lot of need for intellectual property blocks features that few people can do. And we are one of those few people who can do it very well.
Hock Tan: Well, if you talk about switching and routing, it's really more than just chips -- building blocks of chips. It's really as much an architectural play, especially in the high end top of the rack, in the [Indiscernible] and the spine side of the data centers. And here is where our model just goes beyond selling pieces of silicon; we sell a lot of firmware and software that goes hand in hand to enable those chips to work with multiple OEM customers at the end of the day. So, that's a very interesting model for us and what is overriding all of this is obviously the need for more larger and larger more and more throughput, especially, in data centers, and especially in top of the rack and all the way to the spine. So, we have big advantages in this area simply because of the strength of the intellectual property we have in making very complex engineering, very complex SoCs, but also interface very high-speed interfaces or [Indiscernible] as we call it. So, all that plays to our advantage of being able to do it. And we continue to do that, and we continue to -- it goes from 10-gigabit to 25 to 50 to 100 and maybe -- and going on in the future to 200-gigabit to 400-gigabit. We believe we are investing heavily to ensure that we can develop those kind of products and develop it first and better than anybody else. So, -- and with that expansion of features, we benefit from content increases, simply because you are providing a customer more throughput and it's not a one-on-one scaling, it's more and more -- it's a lot of value for our customers to be able to go from 25-gigabit -- or 10-gigabit to 100 in the next year or two and we provide a lot of value in that. And by the way, in broadband, it's not dissimilar. Except that maybe it's not evolving as rapidly simply because it's a much more stable market, for instance, you hear about now 4K TVs video delivery to moving on to high definition, HD, and eventually moving even to 8K. That would be interesting to see how 8K is going to be accepted since the human eye may not even notice the difference, but people want it. And they want that, we're able to provide that. But it might take a bit longer, that's why I said broadband to us is a much -- we look at it as a much more stable gradually evolving market, even as OTT, the hype behind OTT and all that comes play which we participate in. But in data centers, it's serious stuff. More and more data are being basically pushed through pipes stored, processed as social media keeps expanding. And that's why we are seeing this past quarter and current quarter extraordinary strength in the demand for switching and routing.
Tom Krause: And Ross, I mean just to add -- I also want to reiterate, we don't believe we need to have this accelerated revenue growth to hit our financial targets which we remain very focused on, specifically the free cash flow margins at 35%. We're very comfortable achieving those results based on a more normalized long-term CAGR of mid-single-digits.
Tom Krause: William good question and I think that's sort of the point of the prepared remarks. And if you look at where we are from an operating margin perspective, you look at the fact we restructured the balance sheet around now fixed rate debt. If you look at our sustainable tax rate of 4.5% and cash taxes of approximately $100 million a quarter and you take out the restructuring costs, which are bleeding off here pretty quickly, you take out the one-time campus initiative, the one-time tester initiative this year which will sort of play itself out over the next couple of quarters. Frankly, we're largely there. And that's probably the real takeaway and of course that doesn't take into account what we would expect to be the second half seasonally up trends from a revenue perspective.
Tom Krause: Yes, I mean there's no real uptick there other than we outlined very clearly that we're going to continue to drive given back 50% of free cash flows to investors in the form of dividends, which, of course, at these levels, would imply that we're going to have the ability to continue to increase the dividend pretty meaningfully here over the next couple of years certainly. Beyond that we've used M&A to drive returns, obviously, over the last several years pretty effectively. We continue to see opportunities to do that. Brocade is the latest example of being able to put capital work and an interesting opportunity that drives better returns than our alternative. So, we're going to continue to do that, but given our scale, we have the opportunity to do that mostly off the balance sheet, particularly with smallest opportunities that arise.
Tom Krause: Well, they kind of go hand-in-hand Stacy. I think what we're going to do and so articulate in the past is we're going to get to the end of the fiscal year, we're going to look back at the free cash flow trajectory on those margins over the course of that previous year. We're going to look at the business; obviously, we're very focused on sustainability. And then we're going to pay out 50%. And so all you are seeing is the general trajectory improving from where we exited last year to where we are here exiting Q1 and guiding Q2. And you're right consistent with the policy as we get to the end of the year where we will achieve expectations that we're going to have -- obviously be in the position to raise that dividend consistent with getting back 50% on an LTM basis.
Tom Krause: Well, Stacy, it's -- actually I think we're going to get into the gross margin where we think we can go and if I go all the way back to the original Avago first margins in the 30s, obviously we're always focused on continuing to improve on our gross margin. I think the second part of the question is we are in our seasonally weak part of the year and so when you do look at the general seasonality of the business and where things are, I think you could take a whole fiscal year approach to looking at where operating margins will land and could land and apply that to how you're thinking about the model. That's the only guidance I'd give you.
