Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea, and thank you everyone for joining in today. Let me touch on the second quarter results after which I will update you on the current environment and our outlook for the second half of the year. Looking at the second quarter just passed, it really went as planned. Networking continued to perform very well, and our broadband business started to recover. This was offset by the anticipated sharp decline in wireless and the ongoing softness in storage. On the other hand, the infrastructure software business delivered solid topline results, benefiting from sustained enterprise demand for our mainframe and distributed software as well as SAN switching products. The integration of CA is progressing well. Just last week, we reached a major milestone with day two, which is the integration of the CA business processes onto Broadcom's IP platform. We remain confident that we can meet, if not exceed, the long-term revenue and profitability targets that we laid out for CA to you last year. Renewals in our CA business are strong, and the dollar commitments from our core customers continue to grow. Now, let me address the current business environment and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We have, as I indicated, performed very much to plan in the first half of fiscal 2019. And in the second half, we had expected a recovery. However, while enterprise and mainframe software demand remained stable, particularly in North America and Europe, with respect to semiconductors, it is clear that the U.S./China trade conflict, including the Huawei export ban, is creating economic and political uncertainty and reducing visibility for our global OEM customers. As a result, demand volatility has increased and our customers are actively reducing inventory levels to manage risks. This leads us to believe the second half of 2019 will be more in line with the first half as opposed to the previously expected recovery. We now anticipate fiscal 2019 semiconductor solutions segment revenue of $17.5 billion, which translates into a year-over-year decline in the high single-digits. CA software continues to perform above our original expectations while SAN switching is slowing down after a very strong first half. As a result, we are maintaining our fiscal 2019 infrastructure software outlook at $5 billion. While this scenario has been playing out, I should emphasize the fundamentals of our business remains very much intact. We continue to execute on the very rich roadmap for next-generation network switching and routing in the cloud and enterprises, including the leading-edge Trident 4 software-defined network switch just recently announced this week. We've also secured the next two generations of RF front-end at a large North American OEM, which positions us very well for the transition into 5G. We continue to win increasing numbers of compute off-load accelerators in the hyper cloud operators across AI, video transcoding, encryption, and networking. We are pleased with the ramp of our new-generation Wi-Fi 802.11ax, otherwise called Wi-Fi 6, in enterprise gateways and carrier access [PONs][ph]. All this leaves us confident that we will able to continue to drive sustained long-term revenue growth and increasing free cash flow. Let me now turn it over to Tom who will provide you with more color.
Hock Tan: Well, it's an interesting way to figure that out because in terms of full disclosure, Huawei represented last year about $900 million of revenues for this company by itself. But the other part of the picture I should add is that guide down that we're providing, as you put it, of $2 billion obviously extends beyond just one particular customer. We're talking about uncertainty in our marketplace, uncertainty because of the -- of demand in the form of order reduction as the supply chain out there constricts -- compressed, so to speak. And because we do see, to some extent, end users in the U.S., particularly North America and Europe, continuing to be there. But what we do see in between is the uncertainty of the environment has put in place a concern about placing additional orders and actively a reduction of inventory out there. Basically, compression of supply chain is what's driving this reduction more than anything else and it's broad based.
Hock Tan: Well, we started seeing this softness as we -- basically, the beginning of this quarter, like Q3, very much so a dramatic reduction, and it particularly accelerated with [denial] [ph] order that was imposed on Huawei.
Hock Tan: Harlan, very good question. Our networking business, which I think is what you're referring to, continues to be a very strong business. Year-on-year, we expect our networking -- total networking business, to grow double-digits year-on-year. It's strong, particularly with new product ramps and new product cycles that we've seen both in switching, routing related to that. It is one of the brightest areas in our portfolio in this environment and continuous to be strong notwithstanding the export ban on Huawei.
Hock Tan: Well, I don't know what the assumptions are, Ross, on wireless. But networking is about really the -- is about the only area of strength in this current environment, and that's because it coincides with very strong product cycles we are seeing. In just about broadly any of the end market segments, we do not see, in terms of year-on-year, improvement from 2018.
Hock Tan: That's a very interesting question. We continue to believe we are very, very strongly positioned. And it's in many ways validated by some of the data points I just mentioned. We have, by far, the best technology and products out there in RF front-end components. They're typically the filters and the integrated front-end modules. We are, by far, the furthest ahead technology-wise and in terms of capabilities. And we continue to believe we are still very much in front. And as I said, it's been validated and continues to be validated by the value we give to our very critical customers and the fact that they continue to be very supportive of our business.
Hock Tan: Thank you. Well, asking year-on-year is actually very difficult, so I appreciate you asking me what do I see over the next two, three years on content growth. And I mean the best way to describe content growth in RF, and we have seen that and we have empirical evidence of that for the last five years, even longer and not the same every year, is that, annually, we probably see in the 5% to 10% range content growth and with -- in terms of the products we ship. Now, for the entire, I guess, our further available market, our -- yes, the further available market, it's probably a smaller growth percentage.
Hock Tan: Well, that's an interesting question that lays out that -- keep in mind; we're taking a very conservative stance here. And very frankly, even as we see the ramp-up and we do see the ramp-up, we are -- we've also been forecasting a fairly dramatic set of numbers before. And when you -- and that is more than offset by the fact that for the rest of the broader markets, we're just seeing a demand environment that is extremely uncertain.
Hock Tan: Well, I have mentioned before in previous calls -- earnings calls about our focus in increasing traction in what we call compute offload engines or I call it, compute offload accelerators in multiple areas, including AI, of course, and virtualization, orchestration from the compute servers, and expanding that now to video transcoding and encryption. And we continue to see that and it is an emerging space from our perspective. But nonetheless, it's a space that seems to be growing very steadily and continuing to trend up very significantly. And this is a space we believe at the end -- in a matter of three to five years could be a significant percentage of the total compute spend within any large scale data center. And we're talking about potentially getting to perhaps even as high as 25% or more of total spend in the computing environment of a large scale cloud data center.
Hock Tan: I think at this point, we try to capture everything including that proposed next round into the picture. We have the belief that things are -- environment is very, very nervous. And that's why we see a very, very sharp and rapid contraction of supply chain and orders out there from our customers, especially our global OEM customers even as we believe, as I mentioned in North America and Europe, end demand hasn't reflected that. So, we are seeing a very reactive mood here. And so I got to believe that includes the sense that this $300 billion of next round of potential tariffs could be in place. Also keep in mind, something I should add is that even as we see some -- there are two parts to this. One part is what's the impact of the Huawei ban on a company like us selling components and technology? Well, short-term, keep in mind, we'll see a very sharp impact simply because there are no purchases allowed, and there's no obvious substitution in place from other OEMs replace -- taking over end demand, which may exist, which may continue to exist. Give it a few months, give it six months, if those end demand still remains out there, mostly other OEMs qualified to take over those, to replace Huawei on those demand and other OEMs will come in, and those OEMs will continue to buy our products. And so we have a rebalancing and readjustment in demand from our side. But short-term, we do not expect to see that.
Hock Tan: Well, yes. One of the things we are doing is -- as we said last time, is as we focus on core accounts -- as I said, these are the largest enterprises in the world who buys a lot of software infrastructure and infrastructure software. And given the broad portfolio of products CA has that we bring to bear between mainframes, and these largest companies mostly runs a lot of mainframe capacity and distributed software infrastructure, and our ability to offer this as an enterprise and portfolio-wide transaction, we have been very, very successful in securing such enterprise-wide contracts with significant uplift in booking dollars in the form of larger amount of renewals with, right now, over 20 large accounts in the six months since we've taken over and closed on this transaction. And we foresee that rate being even higher over the next six months. So, that's working. And that's working very well, which allows us to give you a fairly positive tone to how the CA business has been trending as far as we are concerned. In a nutshell, and I said that earlier, the amount of dollar commitments we've been able to achieve compared to what expires has increased quite significantly.
Hock Tan: You are saying the M&A environment in the semiconductor space? Yes. I see what you see there, which is some level of activity that seems to go on. And it's quite interesting, in a way quite encouraging, for us to see that the direction we have taken, a large part of this industry seems to be making sense to a lot of our peers, too. And from our point of view, we welcome it. And as I've indicated before in previous earnings call, for us, it's what's makes sense, what's actionable in terms of businesses that are franchises that we see as very sustainable and that are -- that we are able to acquire. And -- but right now, we see a lot of movements, but we -- and we continue to be very interested in opportunities that may present themselves and we continue to be very active in assessing those opportunities.
