Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock. Let me provide some additional detail on our financial performance. First, on the P&L, gross margins were a record 74% of revenue in the quarter and up approximately 110 basis points from Q2 and up approximately 220 basis points year-on-year. The year-on-year increase in software as a percentage of our overall revenues was the large part of the increase. Operating income from continuing operations was $3.2 billion and represented 55% of net revenue. Operating margins were up approximately 180 basis points quarter-over-quarter and year-on-year, primarily due to a decrease in operating expenses and better gross margin due to mix. Operating expenses were $1.1 billion, which was down $25 million compared to Q2. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.3 billion and represented 57% of net revenue. This figure excludes $138 million of depreciation. Looking at cash flow, we had record quarterly free cash flow of $3.1 billion, representing 53% of revenue. This is up a little more than 33% year-on-year. Turning to capital allocation, in the quarter, we paid our common stockholders $1.3 billion of cash dividends. We also paid $192 million in withholding taxes due on vesting employee equity, resulting in elimination of approximately 700,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 404 million outstanding common shares and 451 million fully diluted shares. Note that we expect the fully diluted share count to stay at 451 million in Q4. On the financing and balance sheet front, we reduced total debt by $1.9 billion in the quarter. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we executed an $8 billion bond refinancing and $3.9 billion exchange offering. Through the refinancing and liability management activities we’ve undertaken this year, we’ve been able to push out our weighted average debt maturity to approximately six years and reduce our weighted average interest rate to approximately 3%. All told, we ended the quarter with $8.9 billion of cash and currently have $13.9 billion of liquidity, including our $5 billion revolver. We ended the quarter with $44 billion of total debt, of which approximately $800 million is short-term. Finally, given our strong free cash flow generation and as we look to further deleverage the balance sheet, we plan to pay down an additional $3 billion of debt in our fiscal fourth quarter. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of today’s call, please limit yourselves to one question each, so we can accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Tom Krause: No. Harlan, I think your math is fairly spot on. I think, we clearly are going to assess the dividend at the end of the year. But, keep in mind, we are in a recession, we’re still dealing with COVID, we’ve got an election coming. And so, I think we want to wait. And obviously, until we get to the end of the year, talk to the Board, look at the outlook for ‘21 before we jump to any conclusions. But, you’re right. I mean, our capital allocation policy is to allocate approximately half of our free cash flow back to shareholders in the form of a dividend. We’ve had that in place now for several years. And we think that’s the right approach. We’re going to continue to take the other 50%, manage the balance sheet as we are this year. We pay down a considerable amount of debt by the end of this year, $5 billion, which we’re happy with. We think the balance sheet is in a very good place as we exit fiscal ‘20. And then, we’re back to sort of I think, normal behavior in terms of working at how to drive full shareholder return above and beyond the dividend, allocating capital, either M&A and/or the buybacks. And so, we’ll address the dividend question, as we always do with the end of the fiscal year, but look forward to executing this quarter posting results and then having that discussion.
Tom Krause: Yes. So, I mean, I think when you take that, you look at and we highlighted in the prepared remarks, the semiconductor business turning the corner and now returning to growth, which I think is important, you layer in increasing diversification from software and the scale that affords us and of course, the margins that it brings, especially with the synergies on the go-to-market that we’re driving, I think, over the horizon here, I think we see a path frankly going to 60% EBITDA margins. I think that’s the next stop. But, I think Hock is right. We have consistently over many, many years, by driving more content increase through R&D investments, been able to drive margins up incrementally, and that will contribute to the overall success of the margin increases that we see coming.
Tom Krause: Yes. So, Blayne, I mean, I think, I talked about it, but I think it’s clear, cloud continues to grow for us. I think, we have a very strong product cycle in telcos, which probably gets underappreciated, especially in the routing side. And then, look, we have a lot of different angles into enterprise, obviously, with the software portfolio with Brocade on the fiber channel side, things we do within the server market. I mean, it’s clear that’s slowing down. We saw that at the end of the third quarter, we’re seeing that as we get to the end of the year. There’s some indication, given the lead times we have that actually got stabilizing at these lower levels. I think, it’s a little bit too early to tell what’s going to happen as we go into the beginning of the calendar year. But, it’s obvious to us at least right now is cloud and telco driving that growth.
Tom Krause: Yes. C.J., I mean, I think what we wanted to highlight was given the shift in the product launch for the big phone customer. We just wanted to give some color on how that translates into Q1, since that doesn’t happen very often. I think I can recall it happening a couple of years ago but doesn’t happen very often. And I think we also wanted to be clear, given the lead times that we do have reason of visibility, especially into some of the growth areas like networking that we talked about. And so, we do feel comfortable. I think, this is the first quarter in a while where semiconductor is going to be up year-over-year. And if you look into Q1, we feel comfortable that we can sustain that.
Hock Tan: By the way, to answer first question, our current outlook covers all aspects, including what you indicated with regard to export restrictions and everything else. All those are comprehended. And as such, as regards to 5G, we see the -- to be honest, we don’t know. Now, if we’re talking about devices, phones, that’s an interesting question. It’s very consumer driven. And right now, to be honest about this, we don’t know how fast the ramp on 5G will occur. Understanding what you said about China and understanding how operators might push to make that happen in terms of incentives, where we stand at this point, we are seeing the demand more coming from our OEM -- key strategic OEM customers. And what we reflect is the demand that has been shared with us from our OEM customers.
Hock Tan: There is clearly -- we’re clearly being helped by the fact that quite a few new programs, new products, next generation products, I should say, are being launched. And these are leadership products, as I’ve always indicated. So, in that sense, we stand in a fairly unique position of being able to [harness] [ph] or garner a lot of the share in that business. But based on what we’re seeing, we’re not seeing any weakness in the cloud, nor in the telcos. We are in fact seeing continued sustained demand for the products of our networking product in this sector.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, again, that’s a very interesting question on Wi-Fi 6, because with regard to Wi-Fi, that’s the key franchise we invest a lot of resources into, [as the consumer] [ph] investing considerable dollars, R&D dollars in this phase, thus we’re in it on two areas. As you probably know, we supply Wi-Fi, the latest leadership products in flagship phones, particularly in our strategic North American OEM. We provide all those Wi-Fi, Bluetooth combo chips, which provides the latest features in those. And that’s one area where we have a strong leadership position. We also have a very strong leadership position in Wi-Fi 6 and the current 802.11ax generation and access -- what I mentioned access gateways. Basically, it’s almost like home infrastructure, connectivity in the homes, connectivity in the offices -- enterprises and offices, and connectivity that’s provided now as service providers and telcos bring signals, bring basically -- bring data, video signals into house -- into your homes. And in this environment of work-from-home, we are seeing a strong surge of demand from telcos, service providers as they expand this Wi-Fi service as part of broadband to the homes. Because those combinations, whether it is cable, fiber or copper DSL very often terminates in Wi-Fi access gateways that allows the signals to be in the home. Also, we also think that many homes, many consumers are themselves upgrading what -- connectivity in their homes by going out and buying retail routers, as we all know it, Wi-Fi retail routers, the latest generation, which we are very well featured in for their own homes. And that’s creating a very strong surge of demand of what I call broadband and what a lot of it comprises, Wi-Fi 6.
Hock Tan: The ASIC business is something we’ve been doing for many, many years. And we’ve got -- it’s gone through various evolutions. But in many ways we have gone from strength to strength simply because of the breadth of our portfolio of IP cores in silicon. Obviously ASIC is tied to silicon. We have a lot of it. We have lots of intellectual property capabilities, and we’ve been doing it for a long time. And I’ll be honest, you make a lot more money, it’s a much more sustainable model running merchant silicon than in ASIC. It’s a broader market. You create products that can be more innovative in many ways, because we include software with many of the merchant silicons, whether it’s our switch, whether it’s our broadband chips, Wi-Fi chips, we provide SDK, we provide interface, software-driven makes it programmable. All that gives it flexibility. ASIC is still a very core part of our business, and we do very well by it. It’s a business though we see that has certain limitations.
Hock Tan: Good question, and especially following up from our last earnings call three months ago, in the midst of COVID-19 situation at that time, as we are still by the way. But, as you know, pre-COVID-19, as we got into fiscal ‘20 and the semiconductor industry started to improve, we have indicated and you all have heard, there were certain constraints, supply chain constraints, particularly in regard to wafers, but especially leading edge wafers leading most advanced node, leading edge wafers and even then substrates, particular substrates that needed to package semiconductors. COVID-19 shows up, just creates a layer of complexity on supply chain. And the reason was, as we indicated three months ago, depending on where your outsource factory -- or where factories are, especially in Asia -- part of Asia, the same situation of lockdowns, operating under capacity and we faced that. We faced that for several months. Now, that has normalized someone in terms of the back end, where we have 10 [ph] assembly factories that are locked -- that were locked down or running below capacity, most of that has been resolved. Having said that, the constrain on -- supply chain constrain on wafers and substrates continues, and that’s what we still face today. And so, to be honest, our lead times are still very extended, based on the technology nodes and the particular products that we produce and sell. And given the kind of products we do, we see some of the constraint. And I’ll be direct, we could have shipped more in Q3 if such constraints were not as tight.
Hock Tan: Let me take the first part. Tom can give you second part as we put in software. But, on semiconductors particularly, and this is not a philosophy or just not a model that we’re just coming out with. It’s always been there. It’s the nature of technology and nature of the semiconductor technology market. As you know, we have a broad portfolio of this franchise leadership products. And we come up with them -- come up with next generation products in a very steady cadence of product lifecycle. For instance, in wireless, our products come out every 12 to 18 months, a new generation of products; and also networking two, three years; storage four, five years; industrial, anywhere from four to eight years. But it comes on. And that’s why we put in the R&D to make sure our products create value for customers, each new generation adding more value. And with each generation that we add value, we have the opportunity to extract and ratchet up the value, financial value for delivering on this much better, higher performance products. It’s a natural cycle. And so, with every new generation, your margin improves. Think about it, we have a range of about 16, 17 broad range of products in various end markets with different product cycles. You do -- you go through that model, what we have seen empirically over the last 10 years is the gross margin of this mix of product grows natural -- expands naturally 50 to 100 basis points each year. It comes with the nature of the business.
Hock Tan: Okay. By the way -- and the first part of that question is pretty interesting. Yes, there is almost -- the simplest way to look at it is, we sign software contracts, whether it’s on subscription or even on license and maintenance for three-year term contracts, three years. So, at any point in time and any one year, you’re really seeing only roughly one-third of our outstanding contract backlog coming up for renewals. And so, we -- so for those one-third contracts, we are seeing that double-digit booking growth as we renew those contracts, bookings being referred to as renewals of that contract. So, when you take that part, and keep in mind, you still have the other two-thirds backlog that continues as we recognize revenues ratably very much. So, every contract we sign up and renewals, we recognize revenue ratably over three years. So, you have to dilute that in. And that’s why what happens is that double-digit bookings rate increase translates when you dilute it with the rest of the backlog that is chugging along steadily flat to effectively a mid-single-digit growth rate in revenue. That’s the way the math works. And we’ve been able to do that very, very well, especially in our core accounts.
Hock Tan: Ed, I love the fact that you know so much about this business. And equally, you will know I can’t comment on that. Sorry.
