Hock Tan: Well, let's start with the first part of your question, which is how do we see 2020 business for networking. And there are 2 parts to each of these, as you know. There's the cloud guys, service provider and cloud guys, and there is the more traditional enterprise. And we see spending in the cloud guys, as you correctly pointed out, stepping up more and more in 2020. We've seen some of it this year, calendar -- in the later part of calendar '19 in investment in storage, and we will start to see in 2020 spending on networking to start ramping up, especially with regard to 200-gigabit and 400-gigabit, especially in the second half of the year, which will be great for us because of our product portfolio, Tomahawk 3 and even Trident 4, in these areas as well as, of course, the spine. So to us, we see 2020 as continue growth momentum basically in our data center business, especially when it relates to cloud. In enterprise, we are not so sure. Enterprise has clearly taken a pause second half of '19, calendar '19, and we see that pause probably continuing for a while into '20 before possibly, in our thinking, slowly recovering later half of 2020 for enterprise. And that's -- I mean there's a clear difference in the spending. And with respect to one of our very good customers turning into -- coming into merchant silicon with the recent announcement, I think yesterday, on One Silicon -- or the Silicon One and the Router 8000, I think it's -- we welcome that because it validates couple of things we've been pushing for years. One of which is that there will be and there has been and will be more and more disaggregation of software, the operating system, from hardware, the silicon, the chip that supports it. There will be more and more disaggregation. As you know, traditionally, it's all wrapped into a black box as one. That disaggregation path has obviously been pushed, and we have enabled that by the cloud guys, the hypercloud guys. And we have been very successful enabling it, and that's great. So the fact that Cisco has joined it, in our view, validates the model, the trend we have been pushing. And it's great to see that we're right in that regard. So we'll welcome the competition.  I just want to add it's not only in cloud that we're seeing that happen. It's also in enterprise, traditional enterprise, particularly some of the large telcos who you classify as cloud, too, and I don't need to mention names, but a few of the very large telcos, both in North America and in Europe are also pushing down that path with us very, very closely. And they're very -- and some of them are very far along, especially -- and we're using our Jericho 2 router to enable it. And talking of which, that Jericho 2 router, which we're using today to enable the path of those telcos, enterprises towards disaggregation of hardware and software, has been around, and we've been shipping it for over a year. And that runs 10 terabits per second. The same bandwidth as Silicon One announced yesterday.  And earlier this week, we announced as a future successor 25.6-terabit per second switching and routing. And that's where we're pushing now, 2.5x the performance of what just came out.
Hock Tan: To answer the latter question, not -- short term, nothing has changed. It's available asset. And it's still there, we are still investing and making sure it sustains itself. It's just that we are highlighting it as a fact that it's -- that differentiated from the core semiconductor sets of products, portfolio of products, we're highlighting there is a difference and -- because those are stand-alone franchises. And it gives you a sense how powerful those technology and franchises are that they can stand-alone, fairly large size in these markets. But as we look at all our portfolio companies, they are assets and franchises and where we particularly highlight for this purposes of this review while we pull out costs and misses. There's a lot of synergies. There's a lot of push in data centers, networking, and it covers both cloud and enterprises and covers both hardware and increasingly software operating systems, like eventually even infrastructure software.  And we want to highlight that difference and highlight the difference, in particular, to show you that in those core areas of data centers, we don't drop as much as the marketplace, as we saw in 2019, where year-on-year organically, we're down only 4%. And that we expect some -- in 2020 to actually grow -- recover fairly quickly to mid- to high single digits year-on-year. Very fast in this end market because the environment is -- in the market, the environment is good. And we lead it by a long shot. We lead in providing the technology, which is another interesting thing between selling systems and selling components. Components, be it software, be it semiconductor solution, is driven a lot by technology, good, strong technology which can be applied to allow customers to create differentiated systems.  Selling systems, as a final in software, is very much a relationship business, a very embedded software, where the key is service and support as opposed to technology, to get to that difference. But that's really what we're trying to show here. That's why we highlight the strength of our core semiconductor network franchise.
Hock Tan: That's a good point. On our core semiconductor business, touching on the first part of it, obviously networking is -- especially merchant silicon in networking has been a very strong driver. And particularly so in the latter part of '19 when enterprise spending slowed down, and it has stabilized, but it has definitely slowed down. And -- but cloud starts to recover, and the various -- the portfolio, the various positions we have -- product portfolio we have in all these areas allows us on balance to mitigate quite a bit this slowdown. And the big -- one the of biggest area that allows mitigation to any slowdown in networking, as you've seen, is compute offload. Here, this is very much a cloud spend. And the biggest area of mitigation, it continues to be AI. We ship AI chips, provides one of the biggest segment for opportunities, I should say, for compute offload business. And this is a real business now. We're shipping several hundred million dollars a year and growing of these AI chips.  We are also starting to emerge in a few other areas as in virtualization or hypervisor, and we all typically call Smart NIC. But that, we're starting to see happen. And that's also in cloud. And in enterprise, the move towards higher bandwidth mix, performance mix, is also helping clients there.  So there's a whole slew of things in data centers that mitigate each other. Having said that, in 2019, especially second half, broadband. We are very big in this area. The video delivery in cable in -- which are in DSL, digital subscriber line copper, or PON, fiber to the home, slowed down second half '19. We're now seeing, as we approach the end of the year, a lot of great momentum as telcos seem to recover their spending in broadband, and we're seeing a very sharp recovery. When all this mix is put together, broadband, we see as far as a market, that's very stable, go through cycles with an underlying push on WiFi access as more and more of this access gateways are now deploying WiFi, as I say, especially the next-generation WiFi 6. So that creates a little degree of growth.  But broadband in general, stable, goes through cycles and sometimes will offset it. But the data center networking business is a secular growth area, and that's why we talked about stepping up our investment in this area. And that's the other reason we want to highlight on the call, that we are actually investing, increasing the level of investment as a percent of revenue, as an example, in this particular area. And that includes our foray into silicon photonics, which is intended to enable integration of the silicon switch, together with fiber optic interconnects as we move from 25.6-gigabit per second routing to the next gen, 2 years from now, 51-terabit per second. It's so high density, I think we need that integration, and we're preparing towards that direction.
Hock Tan: Well, I figured one way -- I thought 55% sounds pretty good. I mean we're moving from what is around 52%, getting to 53% over the next 3 years to 55%. It's like -- something out 3 years is a trajectory. And we believe we are well on that trajectory. And you're right, you get to more than 55%, but we figured 55% is a nice target milestone to land in. And we may get there in 2 years instead of 3.
Hock Tan: Okay. That's a very good question actually, and to different -- to show the difference between the CA and Symantec because there is a clear difference. To begin with the structure of the deal, CA, we bought the whole company. And then we have to sit there, watch you guys -- you guys watch us as we restructure, and that does take longer to get to an end state, which we're not quite there yet, by the way, but getting closer into the CA integration unlike Symantec. Symantec is a carve-out of an asset. So you're right. It will get us to the end state quicker -- it will as we expand. But in the short term, we had to handle transition services agreements from the RemainCo, Norton LifeLock, while we work through that. And there will be probably 6 months of transition services arrangements before we're out of it. But then we get to -- because we only take the assets we really want and the people we really want, you'll see us get there faster. And that's where we expect to be able to do that.
Hock Tan: I'm not a technologist to be able to delve in the level you want to. Would be happy to take it separately. But broadly, let me try to answer the question. We have a pretty broad portfolio in our switching and routing business. And by the way, the differentiation between switching and routing, the way we are architecting it is rapidly going away. It's how much more features you put in one versus the other, which is what differentiates between the Tomahawk and the Trident product line, not trying to confuse people. But in broad terms, we have very high -- we are -- we have a whole portfolio that range from very high-end spine, which is routing, top of the rank switching, very high-end throughputs, all the way down to campus, which is more lower end, and we have a whole range of portfolio products that are -- I would say that are created to match each segment we are in. And it cuts across the whole range, from very high end, hyper cloud, and even routing for operators like the Jericho 2 and beyond, all the way down to very low-end campus switching routing, which are chips that are relatively simpler. And our strength is our ability to leverage across this entire portfolio.
Hock Tan: Oh, absolutely. Yes. I think a lot of discussion have been a lot on 5G handset which, as Tom mentioned, especially in our RF side, RF division, we're very, very much in it. And it's great to the point where we expect to grow 19 to 20 because of content increase. But with respect to infrastructure, we are getting a lot of traction. And I indicated in my opening remarks, and we've been very specific in the base station as a best example. I call it radio access network. It's really -- another term is base station. And the base station for 5G networks to improve latency, to improve density throughput, the architect, the operators are pushing the network, the backhaul, all the network that takes a signal from the base station, they're pushing that right to the edge, which is into the base station. In other words, ethernet is likely to be under open RAN, the open base RAN, we'll push as far as possible into the radios. And you really run the entire line end-to-end as much as you can on ethernet.  Even CPRI, which is typically the protocol that's used between the radio -- in the radio is now being minimized and squeezed out as opposed to just running a common higher bandwidth ethernet, which is, by the way, plays right up to our switching strength, routing and switching strength. So we are very engaged now with OEMs in those -- on infrastructure side, in developing, testing and working on the key elements within the base station. That's our push very hard into 5G infrastructure, which is to no degree, part of the increased investment in core semis that Tom indicated of at least $200 million a year, not all of it, but a big part of it.
