Tony Maslowski: Thank you, Hock and good afternoon, everyone. Before reviewing third quarter fiscal year 2015 financial results, I want to remind you that my comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP data is included with the earnings release issued today and is also available at our website at www.avagotech.com. Revenue of $1.75 billion in the third quarter represents an increase of 6% from the prior quarter. Foxconn was greater than 10% customer in the third fiscal quarter. Our third quarter gross margin from continuing operations was 61%, which was at the high end of our guidance range, primarily due to better revenue mix in fab utilization. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were $245 million and SG&A expenses were $85 million. This resulted in total operating expenses for the third quarter of $330 million, $5 million below guidance, primarily because cost synergies from the Emulex transactions being realized faster than expectation. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 14% and SG&A was 5% of net revenue. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $733 million and represented 42% of net revenue. Taxes came in at $38 million for the third quarter, slightly below our guidance. Third quarter net income was $660 million and earnings per diluted share were $2.24. This is a significant increase from the $347 million in net income and a $1.26 in earnings per diluted share from the same quarter last year, which was our first quarter that included results from LSI. Third quarter interest expense was $43 million. Other income, net was $8 million resulting from a number of items including gains from foreign exchange hedging and interest income. Our share-based compensation in the third quarter was $63 million. The breakdown of the expense for the third quarter includes $7 million in cost of goods sold, $31 million in R&D and $25 million in SG&A. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we anticipate share-based compensation will be approximately $66 million. Just as a reminder, our definition of non-GAAP net income excludes share-based compensation expense. Moving on to the balance sheet, our day sales outstanding were 42 days same as the prior quarter. Our inventory ended at $507 million, a $17 million increase from the second quarter, days on hand were 67 days. We generated $592 million in operational cash flow and ended the quarter with cash balance of $1.4 billion, which declined by approximately $1.1 billion from the prior quarter, primarily due to the cash consumed by the conversion of our 2% convertible notes, the purchase of Emulex and the conversion of our Emulex notes as described in the earnings release. In the third quarter, we spent $148 million on capital expenditures. On June 30, 2015, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per ordinary share, which consumed $104 million of cash. This dividend was raised by $0.02 from the prior quarter. Since the inception of our dividend program in second quarter 2011 to date, our financial performance has allowed us to increase our dividend each quarter. As a reminder, our Board reviews and determines our dividend policy on a quarterly basis. Based on our financial performance and condition, the contractual provisions relating to our outstanding indebtedness and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares. Now let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions. We do not intend to update this guidance and this guidance is for results from continuing operations only. We expect net revenue to be $1.85 billion, plus or minus $25 million. Gross margin is expected to be 60.5%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately $336 million. Taxes are forecasted to be approximately $42 million and net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately $38 million. And finally the diluted share count forecast is for 296 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Tony Maslowski: To answer your last question, first. Nothing until closed as far as the actions that would affect kind of the combined companies. But as far as OpEx going forward, as we said to you before, 335 and then a steady decline with Emulex getting further and further along the way on their cost cutting, I think is the way we look at it. And then also remember, we have the bonus reset in Q1. So, we are ahead of plan above 100% right now. So, we are accruing above 100% and you will see that and it will tail off in Q1. So, flattish to -- again, as Hock said, we are not guiding Q1 but I think you can kind of see where it’s headed for Q1.
Tony Maslowski: We are very happy with the gross margin performance. But as we've always said, we've got some -- when we actually report, there is a lot of perfection in our yields and the fab utilization. As Hock mentioned, we’ve been 100% now for probably going on five to six quarters. So, again, we think there is good sustainability. The fab will stay full. We hope that yields will stay up. We won’t hit any excursions but I think that we broke the 60 number. We are guiding to a 60 number. We are pretty confident that is something that's sustainable going forward.
Tony Maslowski: Just one word matrix, just going straight to the matrix. So again, there is a few things that are going on, but it’s really just marching towards the close. So don’t expect anything too surprising. There will be some small immaterial things here and there where we pay for a pension and so forth, but again nothing material.
Tony Maslowski: Well, again I think obviously, Hock said that we’re continuing this 50% growth for next year. Not really have any comment on unit growth or anything like that.
Tony Maslowski: Well, again, what we've always said is, our print on gross margin is usually against the backdrop of, there has been perfection in the fab. And so what we do is we just say, we’re never going to price it for our perfection going forward, so that's all you're seeing there. There is nothing there that says that we’re not confident, that we might be able to overachieve that number, but it just, that’s not our way of thinking about gross margin on a go-forward basis.
Tony Maslowski: Sure. So I’ll answer the last question first. So through all the various acquisitions, we’ve had a couple of building. So we have a building that we inherited from Emulex that was owned, which is about $45 million in that asset held for sale and a couple of small buildings as well. And then also remember with the Emulex transaction we had a security business that is not core to Avago, a security appliance business called Endace and that’s about another roughly $40 million of that. And then as you might have seen we had a sale of a certain part of our business to on higher earlier this week and that makes up the remainder of that asset held for sale. It’s a big number, because its $100 million, but it's roughly building businesses and its most recent transaction.
Hock Tan: Well, to begin with, in terms of content increase, I guess, my best way to describe is there has been no decline in content in our largest customer. To make it clear, number one. And number two, we do not really give guidance beyond the current quarter we are in. So I will have to refrain from giving you a sense of what would go on beyond into Q1 of fiscal ‘16. But in terms of content, do not expect any reduction in content at our largest customers in wireless.
Hock Tan: I see what you mean. No, right now, our fab is -- as it has been for the past 12 months obviously, has been completely full and we expect it to continue to run full through to the middle of next year. That’s based on what we can see in terms of line of sight. Beyond that frankly, I’m not sure and as I pointed out correctly, it would give us any opening, any additional capacity coming on the line going forward, coming from additional capacity would be very welcome by us in terms of our ability to then ship to various other customers. And you point out one group obviously, some of the Chinese customers, which we feel we want to be able to support very well and which we’ve been trying very hard to do as much as we can. But our capacity as I mentioned continues to be rather constrained.
Hock Tan: Well, to begin with, a lot of our HDD revenues are coming from HDD products sold into nearline vertical data centers, enterprises. We virtually do zero products into notebooks, limited amount only into desktops and most of our revenues, most of our share resides in enterprise and what you call near line datacenters. So obviously that does have some impact with this entire seasonality that we’ve seen over last several months as we mentioned last quarter too. As PC weakened, we have seen some of that. But that impact has been mitigated by continuing demand from enterprise and data centers and so there is certain level of offset. Having said that, I'm not for second saying for the last several months that our HDD business is up, it's not. But yes, we believe we’ve seen bottom and we believe that there will be some improvement as we head out over the next several months. And perhaps, part of it is due to our emphasis on enterprise and data centers.
Hock Tan: Okay. If I give the impression that data centers are booming, I apologize. It’s not intended that way. But we do see our business of various products we have into the data centers, [bereft] [ph] from certain amount ASICs, fiber optics and certainty into enterprise storage for data centers. We do see stable and in many cases, uptrend demand over the last three months and we continue to see that trend continuing in this quarter. While I’m not saying it’s super strong but we do not see weakness either. 
Hock Tan: Data centers, it’s an expanding base for us. But many of our customers are fairly large OEMs. Most of them are. Some of that are perhaps end users but most of them are OEMs and we do not see any dramatic shift in the selection of customers we service in this enterprise storage or wired segment.
Hock Tan: And if I could add to that, I think we also are benefiting from a fairly strong attractive product mix. If you look at our enterprise storage, industrial and wired networking business, the point I made is very stable. It continues to be on a steady uptrend and those are extremely good gross margin business. As they keep expanding, we get a benefit of operating leverage.
Hock Tan: Well, I guess, maybe the best way, we are now one single product end market business as you all know. And in fact, we’ve 12 separate products in those four end markets throughout separate operating divisions and throughout separate product lines, somewhat even larger. And you might see each of them in a niche market of their own. So when you -- not all up at the same time, not all down at the same time. Combined consolidated, or aggregated as a whole, we have been able to see and we have seen it now for the last 12 months, I would say four quarters, a very stable progression of our business. What is more volatile as I point out in my closing remarks too is, in enterprise storage, why an industrial? Multiple segments, multiple natures of perhaps offset each other, but there is also end market largely that because of perhaps of the natures have been able to exactly stable. And the only thing that is small, I would call it seasonal, and it recurs with fairly regular frequency now so far for the last few years is our wireless business. And that sits on top off of extremely firm foundation. And that’s the best way to describe our business.
Hock Tan: It’s definitely a much smaller number than what we report as where we ship our products. As you correctly pointed out, that’s to a lot of contract manufacturers who produce and re-export. And to answer your question, what percent, not a clue, it’s very hard.
Hock Tan: That’s still a small part of our business and it’s really not that meaningful. And while I did mention it and that’s because of a sharp ramp-up, I would not say to be necessarily something that is very meaningful as to the fact the overall portfolio at this time. But we do see significant ramp up in that business that we’re in, which is very customized flash controllers for enterprises. And we have been able to benefit from that very nicely, but it’s not that substantial.
Hock Tan: Okay. Thanks for question. First of all, I want to clarify the RF solution we specialized in and that drives a lot of revenues as you correctly called them in front end modules. And within it comprises several discrete, multiple discrete elements, largely FBAR filters, one FBAR filter for each frequency band. And combined into a front end module, different discrete elements may constitute as you correctly call it a front end module pad for RF cellular as a receiver and transmitter. And in this case, in this particular phenomenon, the physics is what dictated. The filters, certain filters, certain bands, frequency bands require FBAR filters in order to perform adequately. FBARs and certain other bands could do without FBAR filters and need only use SAW filters. And where we excel and where we have a very strong market position, obviously are in those phones we requiring frequency bands that can only perform adequately with FBAR filters and that’s where our market position is. For those bands and those front-end modules because of that that can do with SAW filters, we don’t participate in it because well our performance is still far superior as SAW filters is adequate and go for much lower price. So in that sense, you’re comparing apples and oranges. There are certain bands, we’re not competitive or we are not well-represented and are not competitive, even though our performance maybe very good. And for other bands, they require FBAR filters to achieve certain performance for the phone makers and we are very well-represented there. And that’s how we compete. We differentiate ourselves from largely the SAW filter guys.
Hock Tan: So we obviously belief and that has been to be our philosophy and our policy on capital expenditures is that we still have a line of sight towards specific demand before we put in that capacity increase and sometimes because of that as we’re seeing over the last 12 months or more, we like demand. But having said that by putting 50% for next year, we’re pretty certain we’re going to meet that capacity and use it.
Hock Tan: We don’t think very hard about ASPs in the products we’re in. And its not just wireless typically, it’s across most of our product lines. And a big part of it is our products are very highly differentiated and we offer performance, we offer solutions to our customer and not to mention, usually our products come in and it’s good for few years, in the case of wireless maybe a year or so and then a new generation takes over. And when the new generation takes over it adds an additional features, addition capabilities, so it’s very hard to do like-to-like. And we really have stopped looking at ASP degradation in our overall business.
Hock Tan: Okay. Typically, the products we sell, we sell the RF Envelope. I mean, this is the extreme of envelope performance kind of product. We sell RF Envelope. We do not sell additional mixed-signal platforms. And so as I mentioned and answer to an earlier question, our core focus products are filters. And there are some bands, even those in China that require FBAR filters versus the more ubiquitous SAW filters. And they would be required even in many kinds of platform as discrete solutions. And we have obviously no issue about selling discrete FBAR filters to phone makers in China who require that filters in order to be able to perform well at those specific bands. On top of that, there is this phenomenon of what you call phone operators, trying to win multiple bands, trying to uplink or downlink as a single pipe and that’s part of the phenomenon of carrier aggregation. And they really do carrier aggregation very well, which we are very good at doing. You really want to have FBAR filters operating in that regard. So that provides us the additional opportunity to position our product. And that’s something we obviously have been working on very, very vigorously.
Hock Tan: Yeah. There is a bit of mix dynamics and I don’t want to answer it wrong a halfway and give you the wrong sense going forward. There are a couple of dynamics and we are not sure where this all thing will fall out. But you are right in that regard, each new generation of FBAR filters on our -- on every 6-inch wafer which we are still using, each of those filters do become typically smaller. But however there is a change in the mix, so because depending on which band is used, some of the filters are larger and/or small -- and might be larger than even the mix than the bands, the other bands they are replacing. So there is one dynamic that goes the way. Two, keep in mind this is, as we sell more and more of those bands, which in our phone you might add, which is a content increase in phones we've been espousing all this time and it’s true, which is every the new generation of a phone either Galaxy or otherwise would tend to contain more bands. The world phone concept, the broader roaming concept, more bands will get into a phone. The scale up is pretty substantial and the way we address this scale up is we make filters smaller which help, but also they than pull into a front-end module as I mentioned before of pad as we go, which basically was with power amplifier within the module. And as you will probably know, the number of power amplifiers remains substantially the same, even as more filters go into the same module. So basically our leverage on revenues on those pads effectively become less which are mostly saying that that’s a price discount the more bands of FBAR filters we sell in each quarter. And that does happen and that’s counter obviously to in terms of a linear ASP increase as a number of bands increase. So there is these two mix of dynamics and end results of that is, yes, a 50% increase in capacity wafer does not necessarily mean a similar increase in revenue a year from now.
Hock Tan: I don’t have the data on me. That’s pretty specific and precise. Probably by almost a few weeks of carrying inventory is the best way to describe. Precisely, I don’t have any. And it’s not the same every location. As I say, China and Americas was okay for us so we probably reduced it less but in Germany -- in Europe and Japan, we probably pulled it back much more.
Hock Tan: Well, I mean, fiber channel is a business that is faced with roughly on a long-term gradually flat to declining trend. Don’t kid ourselves there. Having said that, new generation pops up and hands us the ASP. So overall in dollar terms, this is not far from being flat and we have seen demand been flat is the best description I have, the best way to characterize it. It’s flat.
Hock Tan: Well, right now and into fiscal ‘16 going forward, beyond this quarter, we will only have one line, maybe about 10%, 15% of our capacity going into 8 inch. And that conversion is going very nicely. We got the know-how technology kind of figured out and locked in and so not more than 10% or so. We won’t get to the point where we will convert all to eight inch until 2017 is my belief and so whole new project. But what we’re seeing now, which is in production or going to production is an ability to obviously do the conversion on one line.
