Tony Maslowski: So, we’re still on track for full-year $600 million. We had probably about $15 million to $20 million that were right on the edge of the quarter that could have gone either way. And that’s why we guided to the new number for Q2. And then, as we said before, we believe that FBAR capacity will increase significantly this year.
Tony Maslowski: Yes, that’s correct. And as Hock mentioned, we’re going to go through another doubling here some time in ‘16 - mid ‘16 or so. So no, we still believe in ‘16, we still firmly believe that the CapEx spending in FBAR is wildly justified. And again, we’re still very, with a cautious to eye to say that we only build what we need to build. So, yes, this last year has been probably earmarked with kind of a 100%. And the current year is probably also as we’ve mentioned, capacity constrained as well. So, not much of the dynamics have changed significantly there.
Tony Maslowski: That’s a lot of things you’re throwing into same mix. Number one, $1 billion a quarter sounds fairly extreme and the reason is simply, this could be, first, we’re nowhere close to $1 billion a quarter here as you know. I mean, 40% of our revenues right now is not quite there yet but I know what you mean by doubling of it. It may be one quarter but it’s not the whole year. So, I just want to make that point. You could get there in one quarter and at the right point at the peak season. But it won’t sustain because of the seasonality of product lifecycles of the players in it. So, that’s - I hope that answers your question. In terms of gross margin, sure, we have never made any bones about whether that that has been a ceiling to our gross margin. All we have said is we don’t know where it is, but over time as our product mix and our business became more and more efficient and our product mix hit the right spot, hit the sweet spot of certain markets. And, sure, we do see continuing improvement or expansion of gross margin, and you see that last quarter. And you’ll probably see that again in our guidance this quarter. And it’s all related to product mix.
Hock Tan: By the end or to be more precise, by the middle of next year, we expect our FBAR capacity to be double what it is currently.
Hock Tan: Well, it’s never a monotonic increase in capacity, but then it’s a question that always we think about real hard. But it’s just that as more and more phones become multiple band enabled, where you can roam multiple locations. And now, if you ask specific, that’s broadly worldwide. But if you ask specifically China, there are multiple categories of those phones in China, even if they are Smartphone. They are those unique to China. And for those phones that are smartphones that are unique to China, obviously the Chinese LTE bands, by the way, are very much bands that do use a very what I call friendly to FBAR usage. And couple that with the tendency to make them Wi-Fi enable and then you basically increase the number of bands requiring FBAR in those phones. So to answer your question, the Chinese phones tend to be very FBAR friendly. Now it’s not always that way because there are ways they can do to curtail performance and therefore substitute FBAR for, perhaps, lower performing SAW filters. And they do, do that, and there’s a mix of that going on right now, particularly with the capacity constraint. But over the long term, from phones that are basically multi-band three-mode phones, going to five-mode phones, as they call them in China, you just need a fairly significant increase in FBAR content.
Hock Tan: Sure. So basically we’ll still go through the same process where certain parts of the business work closely. And what we believe is that it’s going to be closer to that as the exit of 2016. So, we believe that’s the revenue that we can keep long-term. And as you can tell, what that number and then we improve some of the operating margin, it’s definitely accretive to future numbers.
Hock Tan: No, it’s architecture. It’s really related to RF architecture and it’s an RF architecture that pushes a lot and allows a lot more bands to be crammed into very limited space in smartphones to be able to handle multiple, multiple bands for world-roaming phones. And it’s putting them all into modules, front-end modules which both includes power amplifiers and FBAR filters. So, it’s really architectural related and ability to contain many more bands within the same limited constraint space.
Hock Tan: Sure. But I really don’t have much at this stage to add on than what I provided in my opening remarks which is, we believe fiber channel is an interest and fiber channel over Ethernet as well, that includes then. It’s a very interesting obviously connectivity protocol. And we are very big in enterprise storage as you know, particularly after our integration - acquisition integration of LSI. So we do have SAS as I said, we do have a setter and PCI Express with PLX acquisition and the need for high density port solution on data center connectivity. So we come across fiber channel very often adjacent to the sockets, adjacent to the systems and chips that we provide to those same OEM customers in enterprise and data centers. So it’s a very logical and strategic next step for us to add fiber channel and fiber channel over Ethernet into our suite of component solutions and software.
Hock Tan: Well, it’s probably more where the quarter cuts over and the timing of shipments and all that. And by the way we’re not really down more than we expect. We’re down 1% overall. And I call that flattish more than down. And you’re right, it didn’t grow as much. But since we are making up for it, in this current Q2 quarter where we expect to see high single-digit growth in our ASIC shipments to our various Enterprise networking customers.
Hock Tan: Well, we see that this fiber channel business is really a fairly - a very sustainable stable business. We see that long term, well, medium term let me phrase that, in the mid-single-digit growth. It’s a kind of business where we see a lot of barriers to entry, obviously. And we see a very unique technology which is very hard to replicate because of all the criteria that fits our business model. And we basically see a necessity to focus on the strength of this business, fiber channel fiber channel over Ethernet. And all that ties together for a kind of business and particularly coupled with the fact that this Emulex sells to the same kind of the enterprise OEM customers that we currently sell, with our server storage connectivity solutions. And so, all that ties together to make sure it’s a very natural extension to our enterprise storage business. And we see that, our model is mid-single digit growth annually, and improving profitability as we manage this the way we manage the rest of our businesses as Tony indicated.
Hock Tan: ASIC, I never think of ASIC in terms of market share. Fortunately I just think, ASIC, we pick and choose our ASIC customers very carefully. And we support those customers simply because we have very unique technology and very expensive technology in some ways. And in ASIC as you know, the business is tough to scale, unlike standard or ASSB products. So, our business strategy in ASIC is very strong IP and we basically are rather selective about the customers, usually OEM customers and not necessarily OEM customers, we do support certain specific data center customers too, but very selectively. And we tend to only select those where we believe we have opportunity to grow our business very well with the particular customer we support ASIC with. And to answer your question, in the last three years, we have been very successful. And in integrating in the LSI ASIC business to Avago Classic, which is ASIC business before the acquisition has combined to provide a business that’s pretty, that’s doing very well in the sense that it’s roughly $700 million to $800 million. And it has financial criteria that, meets what we need that what we need to keep reinvesting. And generating really state-of-the-art technology in terms of process libraries, in terms of the bad service in a marketplace and the most robust set of IP in memories and processing. So, it’s a business model, we believe has been very, very successful. And we’d like to see the same with, by the way our storage portfolio.
Hock Tan: We do balance both in, and we believe by the way that the market is relatively stable, maybe you call the word bottom-out, but I call it stable. And what brings in a lot of stability to the market is Jim, as you probably may know is fiber channel over Ethernet as well, which sort of counteracts some perhaps slight declines in certain situations like Unix-based servers. But overall we think it is there. And we believe we can bring in certain capabilities, certain features and performance that would enable us to grow this not much but we believe in the mid to low single-digits. That’s pretty much where - what all we’re looking for. And for us to be able to do that and focus on it totally, would also enable us to create operating margins, operating returns on our investment and operating margin as Tony indicated, close to the range of what we are used to for the rest of our businesses. And it won’t happen over time, probably take a year.
Hock Tan: Well, Jim, you just answered your own question, impossible because we are comparing apples and oranges. There is definitely a change in architectural content. And as we go into new architecture of integrating into front-end modules, multiple bands of power amplifiers and filters in one module, you can compare it to a module that used to have two bands to one that now has nine bands. And so the content increases, the dollar gets priced differently. It was, I’m not trying to evade your question but I don’t have an answer for you except to say that it’s very different. And the market is evolving, is evolving into it’s an architecture, especially where high-end smartphones, which is where a lot of our applications, a lot of our products go into - to be honest, into high-end phones. Those high-end phones can afford the rather high performance very space constrained architectures that our solutions, RF solutions provide. In low-end smartphones, and some of them like Tri-mode phones in China, where there’s only a limited number of bands needed. They can probably make do with discreet filters and power amplifiers. And they do. And we don’t really compete much in those areas. We tend to compete it towards the new architectural phones. So year-on-year that’s been a distinct change.
Hock Tan: I guess, the best way to answer your question is the honest way which is, we’re very much on allocation of our FBAR capacity today. And we’ve been that way now for the last several months. And we expect to be that way for the next several months.
Hock Tan: Yes of course. Whether you pick up the little thing, but it is a fair question. Yes, we sold off our, we sold our business as well as intellectual property and capability in developing standard flash controllers for solid state drives and we did that. And we sold it off, and we do not have any standard flash controller capability of nor products nor revenues right now in our product portfolio, we sold it all off, happily too because we believe we are not prepared to keep investing into display which we believe could get very competitive. Having said that we do retain, some intellectual property and capability within our hard disk-drive division - operating division when similar capabilities exist in terms of designs understanding how to develop flash controllers for custom flash controllers. And we do that for very selected customers sort of in a form of ASIC flash controllers for enterprise market specifically on low volume on specific customers. And we continue to do that because that part of the business retains behind reverse. And we have the capability inherent within our hard disk-drive division, our SOC division. And if it makes money, we’d be happy to do it. But it is really, it’s really not the standard flash business, very different from the standard flash business which we sold off.
Hock Tan: Yes. I don’t know about whether it can be a new growth driver but certainly a lot of demand for programs for us to look at develop, so these that will - and from service developing switching, fabric that dries 25 gig, and even 50 gigabit. We’re by the way, we are I think one of the very few guys today with silicon, working silicon that can drive what I call 56 gigabit PEM4. I got to put in that little bit of propaganda and let you guys know that. And that drive the 50 gigabit standard that is now being promulgated through IEEE. So, this, obviously offers us opportunities given our capabilities in these specific areas, yes.
Hock Tan: A lot of it is coming from combination. Then, as you know, as you’ve been hearing there is a momentum in enterprise spending and data center build-out and spending and going on. And as that happens. We couple that, we then launch of Intel Brantley that supports 12 gigabit from the previous generation 6 gigabit. So, yes, there is a tailwind as we go to that refresh cycle as it always happens would be the case and in this case, in service enterprise driving server storage connectivity. So, we’re benefiting from that. And that’s partly why you see our business growing sort of mid-single-digit sequentially so far in the last couple of quarters or son. It’s helped by this push that launch late last year.
Hock Tan: Okay, let me answer the first one. On the BiDi thing, I hate to say because it’s exclusive to a particular customer. And I don’t really want to comment on it, I’m sorry about that. I hope you don’t mind. But because it’s exclusive to a particular customer, I prefer not to comment on it. Now coming back to the ASIC consolidation, I don’t really see that much of it on our side. And part of the reason for it is, as I say in ASIC we’re not out there looking for market share. We have very unique capabilities in the sense of we are very low power, we are very leading edge process technology to working with TSMC, but we’re very, very robust serializer, deserializer, very strong robust IP in memories, as well as processing. A lot of that not just from Avago Classic but with LSI combined reverse and greater relationships with selected lease of OEMs. And who are somewhat winners in so far, in the enterprise networking business so, as they grow, we grow along with them and as I mentioned upon the remarked earlier. So, as a particular customer announced a gain in share, we do see benefit of that. Having said that sometimes we’re also supporting another customer who doesn’t so they cannot balance themselves somewhat but because of our unique technology and our unique business model of trying to select various - be very selective of the customers we support, with tends to lend itself to very large successful OEMs. We do not see that much all these M&A activity you’re referring to down at the ASIC business.
Hock Tan: Visibly it tends to be good for one to two quarters, that’s it. And that’s probably the lead time on our products what we demand for our products and supply chain to support those customers. One to one half quarters, that’s as far as we go. Beyond that, no, we don’t really have that great visibility.
Hock Tan: Well, it’s a mixed bag. See, we are now we participate a lot in the data com, short reach data com. And that’s nicely chugging along. There is price competition to be honest about it. But we try not to play as I’ve said many times before in the standard fiber optics, lower bandwidth products, we tend to go up very fast. We’re now doing 40 gig, our sweet spot is pushing 40 gig including the BiDi that someone referred to earlier, which is 2 by 20 form of, unique form of 40 gig. And that standard 40 gig and we’re pushing now 100 gig. And we’re working on previous form of 100 gig and going even beyond 100 gig for our core outing. That’s where our strength is, so I’m really not a very good indicator of the broader fiber optics market. But in terms of data com our strength is up towards the high bandwidth. On the lower bandwidth I can like 1 gigabit, 10 gigabit, and then for on some of the storage products like 8 gigabit and 16 gigabit, 16, is not so bad. You can mention anything below that it’s a priced it’s a very priced competitive environment. And we try to not be too engaged in it. I wouldn’t say we’re not. We can be because we have to support many of our OEM customers even though our share is very low. We’re now looking at - and our focus is really on higher end whether it’s proprietary or not so proprietary, very high bandwidth data com. And that’s growing very well. As in data centers especially, the larger data centers are pushing from 40 gig to in some cases leap-frogging 40 gig to go to 100 gig. And of course somebody indicated 25 gig and 50 gig to provide additional opportunities. And when you start talking about 25, you’re talking about having to drive short-reach or even longer reach native 25, which makes it very tough to produce laser, VCSELs, laser, so to speak, that does 25 gigabit. We are one of the few guys who can do it. And we happily sold it to guys who do 100 gigabit Infiniband today. We are the supplier of the VCSELs for instance. So that was, is one part of it. Our other strength in telecoms is we don’t do that much transceivers in long reach telecoms, except medium reach, few kilometers, in data centers. Other than that for transport, we don’t do much at all. We do provide local year-end transceivers but we do it at a component level. We’re kind of like an arms dealer, and we do that very well. And for instance, we also do component level to fiber to the home in China. And that one we can provide enough products for the market, or not for the matter for LTE supporting base station fiber optics. We can provide enough of those components to those particular markets. That one, we have a pretty full set too.
Hock Tan: Correct. 4G will be reversed for while LTE would be reversed as well as you know because Europe has barely begun to spend any big money. And now they are starting to U.S. already spending money and we’re in the midst of China, so it’s all good, not to mention the emerging countries. But to answer your question more directly, kind of hate to disappoint you but our CapEx plan, we tend to build and I mentioned that many times before, a year ago or two years ago, so maybe a time to refresh that. But we tend to like demand in our capacity builds. We basically didn’t see the whites of the eye in demand before we start rushing to build capacity. We don’t build in anticipation of demand, we tend not to do that. We don’t run off business that way.
