Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the investor section of our website for additional information that will supplement my financial commentary. Moving to the financial overview, to summarize, total revenue came in at $2.06 billion, down 3.8% sequentially and down 0.8% year over year. Full year revenue was $8.31 billion. Full year product revenue was $8.22 billion, up over 5% year over year. Q4 non-GAAP product gross margin was down 100 basis points from Q3 to 52.6%. Q4 GAAP product gross margin was 50.3%. Non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $32 million sequentially, while GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $25 million. Q4 non-GAAP EPS was $0.60 per share, or $0.03 above the First Call consensus of $0.57 per share. Q4 GAAP EPS was $0.29 per share, which includes $0.14 of acquisition related and restructuring charges. Cash flow from operations for Q4 was $391 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $4.4 billion.  Moving to revenue and gross margin, in December we updated our guided range for Q4 product revenue to be between $2 billion and $2.05 billion. We delivered revenue slightly above that range at $2.06 billion. Our broadband communications segment decreased roughly 3% sequentially to $548 million, consistent with our expectations.  Revenue from our infrastructure and networking segment came in ahead of expectations, and increased roughly 2% sequentially to $576 million. This stronger than expected result was driven by Ethernet switch and PHY, primarily in the enterprise and service provider markets. Our mobile and wireless segment decreased roughly 7% sequentially to $940 million, consistent with our expectations.  Our Q4 non-GAAP product gross margin came in below our revised expectations, and was down 100 basis points from Q3 to 52.6%. Gross margin was negatively impacted by higher than expected excess and obsolete inventory of around 50 basis points. Our Q4 GAAP product gross margin was down from Q3 to 50.3%.  Moving to operating expenses, total non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q4 were up $32 million from Q3 levels, which is at the low end of the updated guided range provided in December, principally driven by lower than expected costs from the Renaissance acquisition. On a GAAP basis, R&D and SG&A expenses for Q4 were up $25 million from Q3 levels.  Moving to restructuring costs, as discussed on last quarter’s call, in Q3 we initiated a global restructuring plan that resulted in recording additional restructuring costs of $17 million in Q4. We anticipate that we will record approximately $5 million in restructuring costs in Q1. For further discussion, please see our 10-K that we anticipate filing today. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities ended Q4 at $4.4 billion. This reflects cash flow from operations of $391 million, and our dividend payment of $64 million. We ended the quarter with roughly $2 billion in U.S. cash. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding were 35 days in Q4. In addition, net inventory turns were 7.8 in Q4. In 2013, we repurchased 20.2 million shares, well ahead of our target for the year. In addition, the board of directors approved a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend. Moving to expectations, we currently expect net revenue in Q1 to be $1.9 billion to $2.0 billion. From a segment perspective, we expect broadband and infrastructure to be down slightly, and mobile and wireless to be down. We expect Q1 non-GAAP product gross margin to be down roughly 50 to 100 basis points and GAAP product gross margin to be down roughly 100 to 150 basis points, driven principally by mix within mobile and wireless and for GAAP product gross margin an increase in acquisition related purchased intangibles. We expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q1 to be up $15 million to $35 million, driven principally by the annual fringe and merit step ups of roughly $35 million. GAAP R&D and SG&A should increase $20 million to $40 million. And now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Eric Brandt: In Q1, the fringe and merit was pretty much what we thought. It’s roughly $35-36 million in Q1. The guide, what’s going on underneath it, is as we’ve sort of gone through the restructuring, we have lower employee costs as a result of having somewhat lower employees on a run rate basis going into Q1, offset by some increased [mask] spending in Q1. So that’s sort of the moving pieces underneath it.  As I said on analysts day, I can’t really guide across the year. We’re trying to manage things extraordinarily tightly. We will have some wraparound of merit in Q2, but other than that, nothing new to report. 
Eric Brandt: On analyst day, we had anticipated roughly 25 basis points of impact from E&O. And at the end of the quarter, we had, principally driven by a quality issue coming out of the fab, which has been rectified, which as a result, we reserved those parts. So it was a late reserve, and it was roughly 50 basis points. And so it was kind of a surprise to us as a one-time event in the quarter. Absent that, we would have been on the better end of the guided range.
Eric Brandt: You are correct. From a business unit perspective, there is a margin tailwind with the strength in the infrastructure business vis-à-vis the mobile business.  Within the mobile business, there is a pretty significant price competition within the cellular component on 3G, and I think most people know that. And unfortunately for us, without the ramp yet, or meaningful ramp, of 4G into our numbers, we feel that. And both the strength in cellular in Q1 vis-à-vis connectivity and the pricing pressure in 3G, that’s what’s affecting the gross margin, and affecting the gross margin sufficiently to give the aggregated gross margin that we gave for the guidance.
Eric Brandt: Good question. Recall that we originally expected $75 million in Q4 when we did the deal, about $0.12 of EPS. And actually we were closer to $0.09, so right around $50 million to $55 million in terms of expenditures. So we were able to remove the costs quicker in terms of integrating the two organizations, and now that the integration is sort of done between the two organizations, I expect that that cost drop will be relatively flat in the first half of the year, so not as much, because we took a lot of it out of Q4, and probably more, again, towards the back half of the year. 
Eric Brandt: There’s no material change to our view in terms of the accretion dilution associated with Renaissance in 2014. Naturally, it will depend on the rate and pace of the ramp of the design wins that Scott mentioned earlier. In terms of the OI number for mobile and wireless as we end the year, I can’t even begin to guide that number at this point. We’re probably very early in that stage, and the slope of that line will have a very significant impact of what the OI will look like towards the end of the year.
Eric Brandt: As I mentioned, we bought back $600 million worth of stock this year, and with the dividends, we returned over 100% of the capital. We’ve bought back a small amount of shares in the quarter. What I didn’t mention in my prepared remarks was, we actually had a debt repayment in the quarter. Remember, we had the $300 million bond, which is U.S. cash? And with Q1 being sort of the low revenue quarter and the high opex quarter, we were just being a little prudent on U.S. cash flow. So as I mentioned, we returned literally over 100% of our U.S. cash flow this year. 
Eric Brandt: And to answer your question on relative mix within NWG, yes, the cellular business is relatively stronger within NWG than WCC, or connectivity is, in the first quarter. 
Eric Brandt: I would say that there was a little bit more strength in mobile, in cellular in particular, than we had anticipated. But the majority was in the infrastructure space.
Eric Brandt: The linearity in Q4 was what we typically see, which is stronger in the first two months, and then lighter in the third month. And that’s about the same across virtually every quarter of the year. It’s rare that we have a third month of the quarter which is above a third of the quarter. And that’s one of the reasons why you see the DSOs as strongly as you do. In terms of the year, in terms of linearity, as Scott mentioned, I think we’ll see stronger back half of the year in connectivity as there is adoption and ramp of new features in connectivity. Beyond that, I think the other two businesses, broadband and infrastructure, will follow roughly what the seasonal patterns are over the course of the year. But hard to say, because I don’t know what normal is anymore in the industry.
Scott McGregor: I can’t comment on specific customers, but I can say that we have multiple designs in each of multiple customers at this point. So I believe we’re seeing pretty good customer traction. It’s a good product. I think the customers recognize it competitive in the space, and so I expect we’ll see multiple customers delivering products in the market over the next number of quarters, towards the end of this year and into next year, expanding.
Scott McGregor: I don’t know whether that’s the correct number or not, so I’ll decline to challenge that. We certainly have focused on the high end phones, and high volume phones, and I think Broadcom has done a great job of winning the key phones in the market. And I expect to see continued strength over the course of this year.
Scott McGregor: It’s small in the first quarter, and as I said at analyst day, we’re looking for something like nine digits over the course of this year. So we do expect it to ramp significantly, especially towards the second half.
Scott McGregor: It’s definitely early days in the rollout of Trident. I think there was a little bit of pent-up demand, because everybody had designed that chip into their products, so it got off to a fairly quick launch. But what typically happens in a lot of these sites is they’ll deploy a relatively small number as a test, and then they’ll deploy more as they get comfortable with the product, and they see what it can really do. So I’d say it’s early days in the Trident II ramp. 
Scott McGregor: That’s an insightful question, because a lot of people assume that there’s a one to one relationship between those. What HEVC does is it really gives you a factor of two better compression, so you can transmit twice as many channels in the same bandwidth.  So we have a lot of customers interested in it, just so that they can pack in more HD channels or they can get better efficiency. If you’re an over the top set top box maker, you get a factor of two fewer bits transmitted across the Ethernet. So much better download speeds and reliability for people at home with fixed bandwidths. So I think we’re going to see a very broad adoption of HEVC regardless of whether ultra HD takes off. Now, that being said, we believe that ultra HD is really going to catch fire here. Unlike some of the 3D technologies and other things of the past, it doesn’t require special glasses, and it’s not super high price. The prices are coming down very fast on that. And if you see it, it’s visually quite dramatic. So I think the next step in that is really a combination of getting the infrastructure in place where we play a role, and we’ve seen very good traction with customers, and then for the content to start showing up. And I think you’re going to see it with some of these premium sports events, some of the soccer events and Olympics and other things.  But it’s interesting also because there’s other technology coming to play that really takes existing Blu-Ray media and other media and takes advantage of that higher resolution and better chroma capabilities and other things. So I think from a visual point of view, these TV sets are going to be pretty compelling, and with the price not too high, I think people will jump on them. But Broadcom is definitely going to benefit no matter what, because the HEVC, in its own right, is compelling to get that factor of two better compression.
Scott McGregor: It will start towards the end of this year. We’ve got some customers with some initial deployments, but it really starts ramping towards the end of this year, and next year I think it’s substantially larger for us. It’s a multiyear beneficial trend for us, because it will mean a replacement of existing set top boxes, existing [unintelligible] equipment, and so it allows us to really get a replacement cycle on the capital there.  Most of the carriers are going to phase it in, so probably initially offer premium based services, and then you’ll get a new box, and then over time they’ll deploy that, probably close to 100% of their base, replacing the older boxes, just because they want that factor of two better transmission. 
Scott McGregor: In the fourth quarter, the reason we saw higher than expected growth was due to service provider and the enterprise space. But actually, the fastest grower overall, although not faster than we thought, was the data center space. And we’re just seeing really good pickup in a lot of things. I think Broadcom has some excellent technical cycles on our products there. We’re seeing increased spending for cloud data centers. The enterprise market is beginning to show some life. I think people are beginning to start upgrading and replacing equipment.  And then the service provider business is definitely strong. The rollout of LTE base stations in China is very much underway, and Broadcom has secured wins not just for switches, but also for back haul, for processors, and a variety of other technologies, in these base stations that are being deployed across China. And we expect multiple additional waves to come after that. So this is not a just this year thing. This is a multiyear phenomenon. So we see very good strength in the infrastructure business overall, and we expect to see strong business in that this year as well. 
Scott McGregor: The Internet of Things is definitely an interesting market for us, and I mentioned that we’re in almost every major appliance and all kinds of things. I mean, 7 different thermostats, that’s good. And it’s kind of hard to forecast how fast that market is going to grow.  I think we’ll definitely see some benefit of that over the course of this year, and definitely over the next few years. But the real driver on our connectivity business this year is going to be from the 5G wifi, the 2x2 MIMO technologies. That’s probably the biggest driver. And I think, unlike last year, where our connectivity business was relatively flat across the year, this year we see it much more as a second half much larger than first half phenomenon.  So I think you’ll see relatively muted growth in the first half, but we see very strong growth in the second half based on expected deployments of customers ramping in those devices, which have higher ASPs for us. So as you model our connectivity business, definitely much stronger second half, driven by those two technologies in particular. 
Scott McGregor: We believe that the 5G wifi and 2x2 MIMO are going to contribute substantially, and again, as I answered a previous question, we see that as a second half predominantly phenomenon for that to really kick into full gear. You know, we have to caveat that we can’t judge the exact ramp and rate and introductions of all these different products from our customers. But we still are forecasting that our connectivity business is going to grow this year.
Scott McGregor: The margins in infrastructure have been relatively stable. There are various puts and takes on that. Some things on the low end. So to the extent that we are selling more on high end, and particularly some of the high end processor things, there is certainly a tailwind benefit to that, and some of the optical products as well. But it’s been pretty consistent, actually, almost rock solid, across ’13, and I suspect similarly in ’14 as well.
Scott McGregor: The China infrastructure business is in waves of offerings to a broad set of their suppliers, many of which byproducts from us. And it looks like multiple tranches each of hundreds of thousands of base stations that are going to be deployed across China. And so the initial tranche is out there and is being procured, and we expect there’ll be multiple follow-ons to that.  And that’s China Mobile. And then we expect a number of the other Chinese infrastructure players to get involved as well. So I think it’s a multiyear phenomenon. Certainly we’ve seen the first tranche, and it’s been rolling out as we expected. And I believe there will be follow-on, both within China Mobile and others. 
Scott McGregor: In terms of 3G gross margins, I think they’ll continue to be under pressure for the rest of this year. I don’t see that suddenly letting up. I mean, obviously we won’t sell things below where we make money on them, but how much money we make on them is definitely challenged. I think this really underscores, and our strategy is to ramp into 4G in LTE products, and we think that’s a better place to be and where we can really show our competitiveness, and we put our energies into that market.  We expect to continue to sell 3G products for the course of this year. Whether we continue to sell them in future years will depend on whether we think we can make money and get a good return on incremental investment in that space.
Scott McGregor: We have visibility on the designs we’ve won already. We expect to win additional designs this year, though. I think as we get later into the year, whether they can still actually ship them in this year, or whether it’s an early next year event starts to get more challenged. We do believe that we’re going to be winning new designs with that product over the course of this year. We’ve got a number of customers who are, we think, close to making design commits on that.  Quad core, we’ll have to see. It’s certainly possible for people to ship that before the end of the year, but I think if they do, it’s not going to be a meaningful revenue contributor this year. I think you’d see next year for quad core. 
Scott McGregor: I think the connectivity pricing is reflecting that people have not rolled out the AC and the 2x2 MIMO particularly quickly at this point, and that that’s more of a second half of this year phenomenon. So I would expect our ASP to go up in the second half of the year as opposed to the pricing pressure as you describe it now. So our competitive strength, I think, will show substantially better in the second half.  In terms of visibility and where are we on design wins, generally at this point in the year, customers are pretty committed on what they’re going to ship this year. So I would say our confidence on where we’ve won and where we’ve not won is pretty good. 
Scott McGregor: LTE is a big factor for us there. Our lowest price LTE product is significantly above our highest price 3G product, and so it’s definitely an ASP mix pickup as we launch LTE, and that’s really key, I think, to getting this business in good shape, is getting a good, strong launch with LTE this year. And we believe we’ve won a number of high volume designs, and our expectation is that we should be able to deliver our goals this year, based on the designs we’ve already won.  And of course we’re always looking for some more upside on that, but we need to carry that forward into next year. And we’ve got a lot of new products coming out this year. We’ve told you about some of them, which include not only the quad core, the CAT4, but moving to CAT6 and moving to full SOCs. And we’ve got some interesting products over the course of this year, and some we haven’t talked about yet.  So our team’s working hard, and I think you’re going to be pleased with some products that we have this year. And some of the ones we’ve shared with customers so far, they tell us that we have great competitive products, and to the extent we can get those out there and launch them with customers, I think that’s the real key to getting decent ASPs in the cellular business, and turning baseband business into something we’re proud of.
Scott McGregor: That would be hard to guess. I’m going to not guess on that. But clearly we see LTE ramping steadily over the course of the year, and it will be an increasing percentage. Not sure I can call what the fourth quarter mix is going to be, but certainly we’ll go up.
Scott McGregor: It absolutely is an expansion opportunity for us. And it’s not just the developed markets. It’s also in a number of developing markets. You look at a country like Brazil, for example, which is deploying very sophisticated infrastructure in there as they prepare for simultaneously World Cup and Olympics. And we have a number of other countries that you would classify as either developing countries or in between that are deploying very high end infrastructure. Let me just underscore the real value of HEVC. If you’re an over the top or an IP content provider, this technology gives you a factor of two compression. So in other words, instead of transmitting bits at 5 Mbps, you transmit them at 2.5 Mbps. And that just really works, as people try and squeeze it in. And if a movie only uses half as many bits, for those who are capacity limited or have quotas per month and things like that, getting a movie in there for half the number of bits is a big deal. So that’s definitely an exciting market for those guys, completely independent of ultra HD. If you’re a satellite provider, just using fewer bits up and down to the birds is important. If you’re a cable operator, it’s a big deal, because you can either get more channels in or you can get ultra HD channels squeezed into the space you already own, and you don’t have to figure out how to cut channels. You can keep your existing channels, compress them in a smaller space, and add a significant number of ultra HD channels going forward.  So all of this is pretty compelling, and we don’t really see any class of content provider who’s not interested in HEVC and doesn’t have plans to roll it out over the next couple of years.
Scott McGregor: We’re definitely on track with the businesses we acquired. It’s always a significant risk when you acquire a business in terms of getting the folks productive and integrated into the company. We had a number of products that we’re going to tape out shortly after the acquisition.  Basically, everything’s on track. I think the team we acquired looks great. Really strong team, very capable team. I think together the Broadcom and the Renaissance team did a great job of just making things work smoothly. The products have taped out on time. All the engineering stuff is on schedule. Some of it’s ahead of schedule. I am just really pleased with this acquisition, and I think it’s about as theoretically perfect as it could have been on an acquisition. So very pleased with that.  And so consequently, in terms of all of the costs, we’re ahead of the game on that, as Eric has said. In terms of the engineering schedules, we’re on track or ahead in some cases. In terms of customer traction, looks very strong. And so I think all systems go, and the milestones I told you about at analyst day, all are on track, and we might do a little better on some. So again, very pleased with how that’s going. 
Scott McGregor: We took an architecture license to the ARM 64-bit v8 processor, and I know a number of our competitors have already announced products and when they’re going to roll out, and stuff like that. We generally are more conservative on when we announce products. We generally announce products when they sample. And so I don’t have particularly an update for you today, but you can assume that v8 is on our roadmap, 64-bit, across our product families, and you’ll hear more about it as those products become available for sampling and go to customers. But you can assume that that is something we’re working on, we have on our roadmap, and we believe will be very competitive in that space.
Scott McGregor: Thank you everyone for joining today. I think it’s been good to talk with you. We’ve made progress on multiple strategic fronts in 2013. We gained market share in a number of key areas. We’ve delivered model profitability in 2013, despite broader industry weakness. I want to thank our employees also for the hard work they’ve put in, and their continuing dedication to designing and delivering the world-class communications products that make us strong. Finally, as a reminder, we’ll be hosting an analyst open house at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, and that will be on February 24 at 3 p.m. local time. For any of those analysts in the area, if you need additional details on this event, please give Chris or [Sameer] a call. With that, thanks again for joining us, and have a good day.
