Hock Tan: Thank you for those very interesting questions. Starting with the first part, I mean, it’s -- what we’re seeing is a market that continues to grow, to accelerate. What is also very obvious is it’s very, very dynamic as architectures of large language models, software models continues to change, I mean, literally change on the fly. We are also seeing the requirements for compute silicon change. And it’s very interesting, very fascinating for us, but it also presents quite an interesting opportunity, which is to say that if a customer has a business model that is substantial and have resources which obviously supports that, is getting to a stage that it might make a lot of sense to design AI compute engines, which comprises memory as well as the compute engine itself, then that can be tailored or better word, customized for their particular requirements on applications, on their particular LLM model. And we’re seeing this as we all are seeing LLM models continue to change and the face -- the shape of generative AI dynamically change more and more, where training and inference are now starting to, in a way, converge and the chip designs are changing. And we are seeing that in the way we design specific custom chips for hyperscalers. That’s interesting. So that’s a very interesting opportunity for us. And as I indicated in my remarks, we see that revenue as part of networking revenue, $4 billion and networking -- AI networks and going -- doubling almost during 2024. Nothing new. We have said that before. And if anything else, we are reinforcing that particular guidance. Now, networking is particularly interesting as you heard in my opening remarks. It is accelerating as fast as our AI accelerators, the compute engines are growing. And we see that growing hand in hand and particularly so as training -- continuous training of very large language models with very different and very large parameters keep going on and things keep changing. So we’re seeing no slowdown, in fact, in the update on building out this AI networks. If anything else on average, we are seeing a doubling on size of those networks across the board. So, that’s -- to your answer question. Yes, I fully concur with AMD, when they indicate that it looks like demand appears to be accelerating rather than staying stable or decelerating.
Hock Tan: Yes. We are very -- we are in a very interesting, very exciting situation here as we move into the next chapter of VMware. As I said, we focus the business on VMware Cloud Foundation, which is the full software stack that virtualizes data centers on-prem, not totally [ph] virtualize it, a cloud environment, and we are converting more and more customers step-by-step as they come up for renewal into this higher value stack, and we’re doing it on a subscription basis. So become very focused. So we will kick it off at a much lower rate -- because subscription generally brings down revenues, as you know, in software based on revenue recognition. But we see a trajectory of accelerated growth even in 2024 -- through 2024. And it just doesn’t stop there because it’s the math and the trajectory. And to answer your question, you’re right, we are accelerating from $12 billion, and we’re probably seeing a double-digit growth for the next three years, just by sheer math of selling that higher value virtualization stack versus the very loose component sales in the past, particularly on compute only.
Hock Tan: Well, that’s a good question. Well, we will -- just to give you an indication, in 2024 because it’s an accelerating trend, our view is that it’s more appropriate and more relevant to getting you guys a sense of where we’re headed to get to turn it to an annual guidance for ‘24. And we will report results every quarter and update our annual guidance ‘24 each time we report the quarterly actuals.
Hock Tan: Well, as you may be aware, in the last VM Explore in Las Vegas, VMware came out and announced in partnership with NVIDIA, the VMware Private AI Cloud Foundation. Another way of describing it is, the VMware Cloud Foundation Software Stack, the whole VCF stack runs NVIDIA coder, runs the NVIDIA GPU. That is the partnership. So, if you’re an enterprise, it’s a very easy step to get into gen AI analytics because the data center that you as an enterprise own on-prem that runs VCF will by default run the NVIDIA GPU software stack as well. Another way to put it, it virtualizes the NVIDIA GPU. That’s the VMware software stack as well. So it’s a very strong attraction in our -- from our perspective to, in fact, accelerate thinking of a lot of enterprise to adopting the whole VCF site. It’s simply because not only does it virtualize the data centers and make your data on-prem data center much more resilient, easier to manage, lower cost to manage, it has the added benefit, a big attraction this is of being able to right away start running AI workloads.
Hock Tan: As Kirsten indicated, as we exit fiscal ‘24, we are practically at a run rate of $8.5 billion EBITDA.
Hock Tan: Yes, it will be. But, let me tell you, Stacy, you’re missing the biggest point. We are on a -- as I indicated to an earlier question by Vivek, I think, our revenue during this process, even 12 months, 4 quarters, is on the growth trajectory, just because of the way the math works. As we sell more and is on revenue, and we recognize revenue on a ratable basis, our revenue on a quarterly basis is on a growth trajectory. That will keep running and will keep running beyond 2024. But 2024 by itself won’t be on a revenue trajectory that goes up very rapidly. So what you have think about picture is, is a revenue trajectory in ‘24 that is expanding or growing while the expense -- operating expense, total spend because of reduction of transition expenses is declining. And that’s why we are telling you that by the end of -- as we exit fiscal ‘24, we pretty much get to the guidance we gave you at the beginning of when we announced this deal.
Hock Tan: Well, that’s a total -- we will get pretty close to where we are supposed to, before we started this whole exercise.
Hock Tan: No. I think those conditions are pretty well laid out in the website of the relevant authorities. I frankly don’t think that it’s very appropriate for me to sit here and repeat all those conditions again. It’s right on the website, and that’s what it is.
Hock Tan: Chris, to expand a bit on that. We acquired VMware with part of cash because it took longer. So we got ourselves some part of cash. And with that flexibility, not only are we able to give dividends to the new shareholders from VMware side, we are continuing to complete the commitment we make to you, the shareholders, to -- for the rest of fiscal -- for the rest of calendar ‘23 to buy back that $7 million of shares out there.
Hock Tan: We just bought a company that’s pretty sizable. We are restructuring the business model and we’re changing, among other things, the business model to a subscription business model, as Kirsten said. And we see therefore that trajectory of the revenue -- a sharp trajectory of growth for the revenue just by sheer conversion to subscription and the fact that we are also upselling a higher-value product. The combination of that and the new -- in fact it’s company, we -- makes it more -- much more sensible, let’s put it this way, for us to be able to give you a full year number than a three-month guidance. Because spending -- transition spending might slip, might accelerate, revenue might accelerate, might slip. And giving ourselves three months to tell you what it is, especially on a new environment to us, it’s not very, very, I call it -- we are not being good to you guys, the shareholders. But for the full year, I think we have hell a lot more confidence we will attain those endpoints at the exit.
Hock Tan: On our books, you can see inventory for our products is pretty damn good, right, especially compared to our peers, and that’s because we keep it tight. Out in customers, and we don’t sell through channels, we don’t sell much through channels. We usually do a lot of it direct to our logic customers. We feel they are in good shape, relatively speaking. We are still in good shape. Now, if you ask me, maybe server storage, that could be a little excessive, but not broadband and certainly not in networking. So overall, on our products, we still feel rather good about it. And the best indication is the level of our own inventory on our own books. But what we do see is customers are perhaps much more cautious about buying more stuff, not just because they have too much of my inventory, I think because they have too much of everybody else inventory out there. We tend to see some caution in the way they choose to buy. Having said that, we’re still keeping to our lead times.
Hock Tan: If only I know. I mean, I’ll be speculating to say second half of ‘24 things will start looking better compared to the first half of ‘24.
Hock Tan: Yes. What was the first question again? Sorry. Okay. Why do I chose to sell End-User Computing and Carbon Black? Those are good assets. Let’s make no mistake. They are very sustaining. They are very stable, good assets. And why we chose to sell them is typically our playbook. We focus very much so on -- in any acquisition where we see the biggest value for our business model. And basically, we then do not want to be distracted by noncore focus. And VMware for us is about core. It’s about data centers, it’s about core networks and core compute. And so, we’re now going to invest and focus our sales and R&D on those core areas of VMware Cloud Foundation. And to us, End-User Computing, Carbon Black, good assets as they may be, we prefer now to divest them. We’ll find good homes for them because there are a lot of very interested parties who are more than happy to take those assets. And we’ll be very, very thoughtful about where we put those assets eventually, simply because the customers of many of these two assets, many of the customers are also the same customers to the VMware Cloud Foundation.
Hock Tan: No. These are very different assets, not saying anyone necessarily much better than the other, just different. In CA, particularly where we’re mainframe but also some distributors, we focus very much especially on core customer base, which represented at that time, we bought 70% of the overall revenue of those -- CA. We focus on these customers. We focus on supporting them and they’re continuing to basically give them really good support, feature request growth in the area. And that’s how we then and -- we focus on Symantec too, which is a small core group of customers. And a big part of it is the technology of CA, especially on mainframe is honestly -- is running a lot of legacy applications that are still very, very much alive today, but customers preferring to run it on those mainframe tools simply because it makes no sense to modernize or change for whatever -- for their own good reasons. VMware, however, we’re selling a product of the present and of the future. It is a growth product to be able to create a virtualized cloud environment in your own data center on-prem for any global company. The good thing about going to public cloud is also totally virtualize, but very resilient when you run -- when you run a software-defined environment. We are creating with VMware, the same experience of virtualization of the data center on-prem for those companies, which has workloads, by the way, that are already running VMware products that application that’s already written on VMware Cloud Foundation. This is then giving these enterprises the opportunity to have a hyperscaler on-prem. That’s the plan we’re doing, plain and simple.
Hock Tan: Yes, it has. It has, which reflects some of my opening remarks that say that I used to tell you guys, hey, merchant silicon will triumph. But I think with the evolution -- a very rapid evolution I’ve been seeing on the AI, large language model, generative AI large language models and the fact that in hardware one size doesn’t fit all. That is variation depending on the models you run. I would say that if -- for some of those hyperscalers with the resources, with the scale requirements to be able to create customized versions of hardware to match with customization of their foundation models and even their application models, we begin to see the effect of that. Other than that, I’d rather not disclose any more to you at this point because we’re kind of under NDA overall.
Hock Tan: Well, over the past 18 months almost, we had on the journey of closing this deal from the date of announcement. You’re right, we had a great opportunity, and thanks to a very supportive management team from VMware that engages with us very, very well. Again, it’s planning. We can see, we can’t touch, but it has a lot of time to plan and think through. It also gives me a lot of opportunity to go out there. And over the past 12, 16 months, I must have talked one-on-one or in small groups to at least 150 CIOs globally of the largest customers of VMware out there. And one thing is very clear. The VMware core product, the VMware Cloud Foundation software stack that enables virtualization of not just computing, servers, compute, but storage, networking as well as orchestration and management layer over that whole stack is something that CIOs, head of infrastructure of large -- many large companies out there really want. They want to be able to deploy. They want to make their data centers, which is very heterogenous now between virtualization and compute to bare metal and the mix environment and different vendors where each is trying to optimize best-of-breed to one that is managing under a single abstraction layer across a diversity of hardware. That saves a lot of hardware purchases. That creates a lot of cost reduction in a way to manage it. That is the value of the technology VMware brings to bear. And the products are there. For us is focusing and execution, which is what you hear us say that today and which is what you hear Kirsten lay out in the numbers we are looking at just in the first year of completion of this acquisition.
