Hock Tan: Well, it’s combination of reasons, Ross, one of which is we’re improving our -- into a much better improved process for gallium arsenide, and improving process is a very engineering intensive and rather proprietary approach that we chose to take. So, we decided to build it ourselves. Secondly, is right now we’re completely outsourced on our gallium arsenide products. Our demand for our products is growing. And we figured that is a good way to dual-source it and at the same time do it internally. The side benefit of that is naturally we would have an improvement in gross margin as we go into production with a mix of internal and external sourcing (inaudible).
Hock Tan: Well, I would certainly believe that it will snap back probably in Q2, not so -- the way we are planning it, anticipating it in our guidance is that it will have that $10 million to $20 million on revenues for Q1, but it would certainly -- result in us shipping below what we otherwise could have shipped in natural demand. But in Q2, I would expect Q2 to pick up a lot of that slide.
Hock Tan: All right. As you can gather, most of our industrial business go to distributors. And as you also know, we recognize revenue on a shipping basis into the distributors. And the interesting thing we see in this whole process is that a resale, which is the end-demand that our distributors see, has, as Doug pointed out in his remarks, kind of flattened out in this quarter, Q1, has gone -- has pretty much flattened out. However, on a shipping basis to our distributors, we continue to bring down revenues here specifically, and part of the reason for that is, one, is the fact that one related to the Thai flooding, where a lot of industrial products are affected. We had brought in products to mitigate that flooding impact in Q4. But two, is also our ability to ship has been reduced in this quarter. So we’ll be shipping less -- bottom line is we’re shipping into distributors lesser products than likely we are reselling in Q1.
Hock Tan: Okay. No, I was referring specifically to power amplifiers, PAs, whether it’s MMPAs or discrete PAs, it’s related to PAs. And by the way, so (inaudible) that -- this capacity expansion (inaudible) and we do not really see the impact of that margin improvement until 2013. Maybe late 2012, but definitely largely in 2013.
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me take your second question first. On OFN, we don’t believe we have seen any significant share loss. It’s related to the fact that our inventory in the pipeline, in the supply chain of customers, particularly one major customer, and that’s the main reason for the weakness or the softness or the reduction, I should say, sequentially, of our OFN revenue. We don’t think there’s any significant impact on our share at all in so far as OFN is concerned. In the first question, I'm sorry about that, Blayne, but it’s really not our policy or practice to name customers in this public forum. Sorry.
Hock Tan: Okay. There is -- and you would not -- I assume you were not surprised, the audience, and you too, Blayne, is that, yes, as in any other end-market, in the handset market in particular, there are multiple, there are several players. And we have seen over the years a continual change, adjustment in shares as one player comes up with a new phone that is much more popular than another. And we continue to see that, and in particular, this recent quarter or so, we have seen that very, very much so, as new generation of smartphones launch, as a lot of features come in, including LTE, WiMAX and others. So, yes, we continue to see this adjustment in market share among our customers. And those changes are very dynamic.
Hock Tan: Oh. Boy, I really made a mess of that, did I? Okay, let me try to clarify that. No, what I did say, a couple of points I’d been trying to indicate is it’s interesting to note that over the past 12 months in fiscal ’11, our OEM demand has been very consistently sequentially up from the beginning of Q1 all the way up to this past recent Q4. Our OEM demand, OEM revenue has been sequentially up all the way through. And even in Q1 where we’re guiding a normal seasonal downturn, we see only a relative [normal] seasonal downturn with respect to our OEM revenue business. In contrast to that in our distributor side, revenue has been rather all over the map. But more than not is, especially since the middle of fiscal ’11, we’ve seen the revenues into our distributors and resale from our distributors obviously decline and roll over in fact and start to decline. And the decline accelerated, in particular, in our fiscal Q4, on resale, and our revenue too. And our resale from our distributors will be almost flattish from Q4 in Q1. But in terms of adjusting our inventory in our distributors, we will continue in this guidance in our forecast to continue to ship less into our distributors. And that’s why distributor revenue in Q1 will be down significantly from Q4.
Hock Tan: Well, I guess -- most, to answer your first part, most of these 37 phones, some of them have launched, the rest are yet to happen and probably will happen through the first half of calendar 2012, the rest of them. And some of them already start to happen and it’s helping obviously cushion the seasonal downturn -- typical seasonal downturn in wireless in this current Q1 quarter. But we will still -- we believe we’ll still see this seasonal downturn for Q1. It’s pretty much expected. We have seen that the last couple of years in Q1. But thereafter, Q2 onwards, we do expect sequential growth in our wireless revenues through the rest of fiscal ’12.
Hock Tan: Well, it’s -- a growing significant part of our wired infrastructure business is in core and Edge routing. It’s where our parallel optics are rather proprietary, very high bandwidth, affordable, high bandwidth optics play-in. It’s a fairly substantial part of our business now. And it gets lumpy quarter on quarter, and it’s because the investments made are usually by service providers, and they make -- when they buy, they buy in a big chunk. And last quarter was very strong, Q4. We don’t expect it to -- in Q1 to be as strong. And that’s the reason why it dropped. It just says in Q2, it might resume some lumpy buying in some programs, whether it’s America or China, and it will bounce back up again. That’s the only reason. But it’s big enough now that it does swing by a few points the level of growth of our wide infrastructure business.
Hock Tan: In Q1, we expect to be able to do that, if not, as I mentioned, we’re likely under-shipping it. But part of the reason is last quarter, Q4, we believe we over-shipped. Now, part of the reason we over-shipped, as Doug calls it, fortituously, was it was industrial, a big chunk of industrial is produced or test in Thailand, and we got them out before the floods hit us.
Hock Tan: Sorry, no. It is in wide infrastructure. It’s really -- we classified it because we sell in the super-computing rather proprietary parallel optics fiber, [interconnect]. And so we classify it under wide infrastructure.
Hock Tan: It’s still holding up. It’s still holding up. As you know, our major customer here has launched this and are delivering systems out there, and it’s pretty much consuming what we expect to consume. So, it’s holding up very well. It ramped up last six months. And it’s pretty much holding, stabilizing.
Hock Tan: We generally don’t guide beyond one quarter at a time. You know what? Frankly, can’t really tell. There’s too much volatility going on in the world economy, and one, it should have a direct impact (inaudible) in the behavior obviously of how OEMs and distributors manage and handle their working capital. So, I’d like to pass on that question.
Hock Tan: I see. Well, I mean, this is -- I know some of our competitors use that term, and I’ll be honest, I'm not even 100% sure what they mean by that. I mean, what you have now, we call it multi-band, multi-mode. In some ways it’s -- converged PA might be a subset of that. The whole concept is, as you need more and more interfaces, 3G or UMTS, multiple bands, LTE add-on for the bands, bands being different parts of the frequency, you basically, theoretically, you have a duplexer and a PA for every band. And you’ll never get away from duplexers, one duplexer per band. But in the case of power amplifiers technology and ways the things get designed and processed, you may be able to get away with sharing power amplifiers among those. And I don’t know if that’s what people mean. But really by sharing single power amplifier among a few bands, that’s really what they -- what we mean by multi-band, multi-mode PAs. And maybe that’s what somebody else means by converged PAs. But I'm not really sure what they mean, but from our point of view, we don’t use that term. We call it multi-mode, multi-band PAs, which is really using one or more PAs to share multiple bands.
Hock Tan: No, it’s a bit premature at this point, but we certainly will use a lot of external -- we’ll still use a lot of external foundry, continuing to use external foundry while we build up an internal capability, and (inaudible) situation, we will never build enough capacity internally to obviate the need for using foundries externally. We see that as really dual sourcing.
Hock Tan: Very interesting question, Ed. And what we’re guiding obviously is that we -- Q1 every year is a seasonally down quarter compared to Q4, because Q4 is just so strong and our Q1, as you recall, covers not only late -- covers not only -- covers December but also covers the whole of January, when things tend to be slowed down, regardless of whoever it is, whichever player there is. So, it’s based on historical precedent that we’re guiding this expected seasonality. And as I mentioned, in handsets RF, we are guiding the normal seasonality, which is really more close to single digits. But coupled with that was the fact that OFN, as I mentioned, which gets classified in wireless, is also flattening, declining in fact, because of inventory adjustments that we see in a major customer. So, that together, those two effects combine to show wireless going down below normal seasonality, which is double digits.
Hock Tan: Well, let me start clarifying. In RF components, we just, we’re getting normal seasonality. So, across the board, we would say that, yeah, there are some winners and there are some not some -- losers, so to speak, in handset OEMs. But on a combined basis, given our share position and our exposure to such a breadth of handset -- media handset players today, I don’t think we’ll be totally immune from the impact of specter showing a seasonal weakness. That’s the reason why we’re guiding to normal weakness or normal seasonality downwards for our RF business. And that includes both FBAR and power amplifiers, by the way. It’s just a normal seasonality regarding those.
Hock Tan: There are puts and takes, as Doug likes to call it. No, there’s no one particular one making that particular impact (inaudible) to kind of drive our forecast seasonally. Far from it. But using that normal seasonality, and as you know, lead time in this -- in the handset business tends -- can be very short, especially in November/December period. So, what we’re doing, giving you is a normal guidance. We are not picking out nor are we in any manner alluding to specific weakness in any OEM on our side.
Hock Tan: Well, yeah, obviously China is probably one of the biggest industrial end-markets for us for our industrial, in fact. And of course, we sell to major OEMs in Germany, in Europe, in Japan, even in the US, or then re-export to China. So with the weakness or softness in China that happened almost like six, nine months ago, we have obviously seen some level of weakness over the past, I would say, six to nine months, and all largely due to China. It also -- and it would be great if we see China recover as some indications may be already happening.
Hock Tan: Interesting question, Terence. And [here’s we’re] not thinking long term of the wireless RF component business [for us]. And as you know, we supply both FBAR duplexers, the filter that is, as well as the power amplifiers now. And where we see is, you're right, more and more of the growth, if you look at smartphone growth as opposed to total headset growth, more and more smartphone growth will be coming from emerging countries like China, where -- in certain parts of Europe, but definitely China and emerging countries, where smartphones are lesser penetrated. So that will be one factor of it. Having said that, one of the interesting thing we find in this wireless handset market or smartphone market is it pushes, constantly pushes the envelope in next generation, as we see from 3G to 4G/LTE or 4G, as we call it, and will be next 4.5G, 5G. And as each -- what it implies is more and more bands are out there. And more and more bands out there, more and more roaming throughout different countries come in, which basically require every phone, every smartphone to have more and more RF content. So what we see is another situation, whether it’s developed countries or emerging countries, particularly so in developed countries, where the content of -- the RF content of a smartphone increases fairly rapidly. As I mentioned earlier, one band requires, in theory, one duplexer, discrete duplexer, and one PA. You can integrate the PA, the power amplifiers, so that they share across bands. But duplexers, much, much harder, in fact, impossible. So, the duplexer content will definitely grow very linearly with the complexity of smartphones as we move to higher wireless bandwidth over time. Power amplifiers may not grow as linearly, but still the content will increase. And so for us, we see this smartphone market as an extremely interesting opportunity that will continue to grow very, very well for us.
Doug Bettinger: Hey, Ross, this is Doug. Let me just clarify. I think I said mid to high on industrial. It’s actually low to mid single digits on the industrial guidance. Sorry about that.
Doug Bettinger: I haven’t really had the practice of quantifying it numerically. I think all I’d tell you, Mark, is that they were up and at the higher end. We’ve got a model for where we’d like to see them. And when we exited Q4, they were at the higher end of that model. And so we’re bringing it down in Q1. I don’t want to get into the habit of quantifying it numerically though.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, it’s primarily industrial. There is some multi-market wireless in there, but a lot of it is industrial.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, a lot of variation quarter to quarter in OpEx is driven by variable compensation. And so, business levels grow, the spending will grow. And if business levels don’t grow, the spending will be relatively constant. In a more medium-term level, I would refer you back to that business model that I described. We do have an inclination right now to try to spend a little bit more as a percent of revenue on R&D. That helps us grow the business over the medium to longer term. So, we are kind of looking at incremental R&D programs. But we’re being very cautious right now.
Doug Bettinger: It’s probably not a growth business, Vivek. It’ll hang in there for a while, but I don’t think it’s going to grow all that much.
Doug Bettinger: Venk, I don’t like to give specific numbers beyond the current quarter. I gave you the longer-term model of 50% to 53%. So, one would think, if that’s how we’re trying to manage the business, we hope we’re at the low point, lowish point. From a year ago, our gross margin, if you go to the midpoint of the guidance for Q1, if you look at Q1 last year, gross margin was actually a little bit higher. And the phenomenon there is our industrial business is down from where it was a year ago, and that is our highest margin business. So, that’s kind of what’s going on relative to where we were at revenue levels at this point before.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Utilization was kind of the 70, mid-70s range, Venk, and it will be down a bit in Q1 as we’re seasonally down in wireless.
Doug Bettinger: Well, we do expect the consumer business is going to be off in Q1. We didn’t give you a specific number, but the math works out.
Doug Bettinger: No, it’s not down that much. It won’t be down that much. Consumer will be down double digits, kind of high teens, maybe almost 20%, in that range. And if you go do the math on all the rest of it, you’ll find that the numbers do work out.
Doug Bettinger: There are other things that are in this that’s not industrial. Industrial was the biggest piece but it’s not the only piece.
Doug Bettinger: We expect to get it back in the normal part of the range, midpoint of the range, where we like to have it, Vijay.
Terence Whalen: Great. Thanks for taking the question. This one is on the industrial end-market. It seems like after a 10% decline in October, you're expecting that decline to mitigate to low to mid single digit in January. What about beyond that? Based on current consumption levels that you see, can you help us understand if you would expect industrial seasonality to improve in April? I'm trying to understand the difference between the consumption levels and the inventory changes and how that’s affecting net revenue. Thank you. Citigroup: Great. Thanks for taking the question. This one is on the industrial end-market. It seems like after a 10% decline in October, you're expecting that decline to mitigate to low to mid single digit in January. What about beyond that? Based on current consumption levels that you see, can you help us understand if you would expect industrial seasonality to improve in April? I'm trying to understand the difference between the consumption levels and the inventory changes and how that’s affecting net revenue. Thank you.
Terence Whalen: Okay, terrific. And then, the second question is on some of the commentary around the wireless business. I think you made the comment, Hock, that you would expect, based on adding some of the in-house gallium arsenide capacity, you’d expect the gross margin profile of that business to improve. Can you help us understand when you’re making that comment, are you talking you expect the mix of MMPA to just regular PAs to improve, or are you also making a comment about FBAR content increasing as well? Thanks. Citigroup: Okay, terrific. And then, the second question is on some of the commentary around the wireless business. I think you made the comment, Hock, that you would expect, based on adding some of the in-house gallium arsenide capacity, you’d expect the gross margin profile of that business to improve. Can you help us understand when you’re making that comment, are you talking you expect the mix of MMPA to just regular PAs to improve, or are you also making a comment about FBAR content increasing as well? Thanks.
Terence Whalen: Hi. Thanks for fitting me in with the follow-up. This is a longer-term wireless question. As we see the constitution of smartphone growth move more toward Asia, out of the more penetrated US market, how does that affect the wireless business? How does that affect the proportion of FBAR as a portion of your sales? And is that a factor contributing to your bringing more of the [gas] capacity in-house? Thank you. Citigroup: Hi. Thanks for fitting me in with the follow-up. This is a longer-term wireless question. As we see the constitution of smartphone growth move more toward Asia, out of the more penetrated US market, how does that affect the wireless business? How does that affect the proportion of FBAR as a portion of your sales? And is that a factor contributing to your bringing more of the [gas] capacity in-house? Thank you.
