Hock Tan: That’s a very good question and sometimes we sit there and wonder ourselves by the way. All we do know is it is. And I suspect in specific areas, there is market share gains on our site simply because we do a better product, simply because we are able to execute on better products, but also we have been perhaps fortunate in being focused on certain customers, certain OEM customers, in particular that have done better than others and that allows us through their process by itself to gain share. And we will display that because yes, we are fully aware of what’s out there, what we hear out there on a macro side. But we are seeing strength particularly on the enterprise front, less so the cloud datacenter side. So maybe that’s something to do with that as well.
Hock Tan: Yes, that’s been progressing very much, very well. To be direct about it, we are almost ready now give it a few more months for the back half. And – but that will not be a full completion for back half. We will anticipate continuing the migration from 6-inch to 8-inch of existing lines through even the first half of 2017 in anticipation of the generation of phones in 2017, not late 2017, not just 2016, but we are pretty prepared right now.
Hock Tan: Oh, we love their products, we love their engineering. It validates entirely our premise, our investment thesis in making this acquisition as far as we found so far. So, we liked a lot of what they are doing. To be more specific, it might be a bit premature, sorry about that, but I am not in a position to really disclose it. Frankly, I want to do it, not because I don’t want to, but I think I am not totally in the picture 100% until we really do have the operations under our control after day 1.
Hock Tan: Well, I don’t know. I cannot really answer for fiscal ‘16 because we don’t give guidance, Romit on an annual basis, but I tell you the trajectory we have been seeing and continues I believe to be on. And I have taken things in my opening remarks to clarify why this year, this as end of ‘15, early ‘16, as we sit here, why it’s more of an exception, a hiatus I call it than the rule. But content as we are bundling all this additional spectral bandwidth into a single device has increased content wise, physical content, might what we have seen is anywhere from 30% to almost 50% every year compounded every year. But then there is always a value to some level of integration in terms of dollar translation, which is why in dollar terms, that content increase of 30% to 50% typically translates to, I think 20% to 30% on an annual basis. That’s really what it comes out to.
Hock Tan: Last – probably some, but there is some carrier aggregation, a high level of carrier aggregation going on in China right now. Not as much perhaps as out here in the U.S., but there is. And there is a need to do that because that’s where the operators in China are where and want to go. And so we are seeing that now and we are selling some products, some are more discrete module products that addresses downlink carrier aggregation. Uplink, that’s a different method, probably out for a couple of years at least if not longer for China. Uplink will happen here and some parts of the world fast, but downlink carrier aggregation is already happening in China.
Hock Tan: We have, at this point what I would call pilot lines. We have been doing the conversion over the past 12 months, which is more investment and developing the process. We are at a point that we are starting to go into production fairly soon.
Hock Tan: No, I am basically – it’s almost one and the same. We have all a sense of trying to be too arrogant or buoyant please, but it is one and the same, because in order to integrate their turn of increase of content into a tiny little device and do it very well, not many people can do it is our view. And so as I say, it becomes almost one in the same, which is our perception of the trend last 3 years and forward 3 years, is that content keeps growing up. It keeps growing in that range, at least in dollar terms. And we are always able to capture that. But it’s a broad trend, we believe in month-to-month and we do not see that changing over the next 3 years as it has been happening the last 3 years.
Hock Tan: I am most excited about networking, wired infrastructure, so to speak and very excited about – continue to be excited about wireless. And enterprise storage has been, as I have mentioned performing very well. And I will be very pleased, but totally not disappointed if it doesn’t hit the level it did in 2015 in enterprise storage. But definitely in wired and wireless, I believe, those two areas will continue to grow and grow very well.
Hock Tan: Because we are very good at what we do and we are just about only of the very few people can do to what we say we do here. Any really, my purpose in explaining that at the beginning was that because this quarter and last we saw as you saw a sort of a pause in that 20% growth rate year-on-year. And I took the pain to explain that as basically as not about people catching up as much as it’s our inability capacity wide to meet all of their needs for this particular short window of time. But otherwise if, in fact the content the demand will still keep going at that rough 20% a year rate.
Hock Tan: Well, I guess our strategy was never to want to constrain the market to first of all to make that clear. What probably I am implying the color to what you just said and is true on what I just said is we are seeing the market grow even faster than we had originally thought. And again, consistent we have got one thing to constrain the market we want to address, those specific high end smartphone markets, we are taking steps to make sure we will never constrain it again.
Hock Tan: And that includes that potential fab up in Oregon to just complete that thought and tying with what you said. Yes, that include – that plan of our to address that longer term includes that facility. And that’s a long-term plan because we don’t expect that to – once we get that going, if we get that going, that won’t come into play – come into line until more towards 2018. 2016 and ‘17, what we have in [indiscernible] 8-inch conversion is pretty cool, ‘18 uncertainty we better get this additional Oregon fab.
Hock Tan: Oh, you are right. It’s, again, I am approaching it from a very macro point of view and a very trend basis. And if you look at my trend in macro over the last four years, that 20% is what I have been achieving and have been able to achieve and achieving. And there is nothing reeling that we see out there though I should never take it for granted, because each one is an interesting challenge by itself. I will be honest the products we do in FBAR, in front-end module, PATS as I call them, very, very difficult things to do. I mean, I am not saying they are moon shots, but they are not that far from that. And we spend an enormous amount of money, talent doing it. So, the best way to describe it is we don’t see anything that dramatically change though each one is a tough one by itself. So, if I have seen it the last four years, I am basically commenting that it sure looks that for the next two, three years, we will see a continuation of this trend and we see that as I answer an earlier question through more bands to the increasing issue of coexistence across bands in handsets plus just as much the phenomenon of downlink and uplink carrier aggregation as operators need to run their network and base station much more efficiently and all that is happening. It’s not pie in the sky.
Hock Tan: It’s a judgmental process. That judgment tends to be very tight to start by conservatively, but you are right, it’s tied to sockets. I believe in sockets that we will win over the next 12, 18 months. And you are right sometimes we have to scramble to put capacity in place because of that kind of approach, but we believe that we prefer to be conservative than the other way around, but it is – but at the end of it all, it’s all based in judgment and we tend to be rather conservative in lagging capacity build out behind what we see as demand. We might have based on an earlier statement started to behave a little differently, but basically, we are very conservative creatures is what we know we are, but it’s all based on judgment. And obviously, our judgment is that we will use that capacity that we are putting in place for the next two, three years.
Hock Tan: I am saying yes to all three. Yes, there is an uptick there late Q1, probably Q2 on fiscal, not calendar, fiscal Q2, more like fiscal Q2. And yes, we do see improvement in content.
Hock Tan: Yes, good points. Keep in mind maybe the first – simplest way to answer is our Q1 is November, December and January. So, as you know – as you probably know, industrial seasonality is down late end of the year and up again beginning of the year. So for Q1, we only have one month, no much. So, that’s why we continue to be – to forecast and be conservative in our guidance of industrial revenue whether they be resale or shipping. On the resale front, yes, we kind of see – industrial – it’s hard to breakout between seasonality versus secular in this case. All we see is that industrial is kind of struggling even to stay flat at this point. We saw our Q4, as just to emphasize, was actually August, September October. So, we only saw part of the downturn of the back end of the year. And so that – so even though our shipping was down, our resale, as I indicated, wasn’t that bad. So, I would expect our resale Q1 to be not so good and that’s why I use the word struggle to even say flat, which is why we believe we better guide our shipping, which is our revenue at down single-digits and we could have – and not more or less, that’s what they are in, because if the resale maybe down a bit more, but our shipping is best, because we already pulled under it last quarter.
Hock Tan: Well, I think we think we have planned it pretty well, because you are right, 8-inch will take us all the way through product generation of ‘17, which will just be in time for the fab up in Oregon to come in for ‘18. So, it’s straight on and it’s all largely focused on filters.
Hock Tan: No, we are very nice people to our customers. We basically be more content and we actually give a discount as on a filter basis. It’s a lot more content, a lot more filter.
Tony Maslowski: Sure. It’s mostly due to two factors. We completely completed the Emulex transition. So, there is some OpEx drop off from that. But more significantly, it’s the reset on the bonus accrual. So, on the bonus side, we are significantly above 100% attainment and that gets reset into Q1 at 100%. So, you get some benefit from that as well. Now, just to give you some perspective in 10 years of working here with the bonus is that it’s not reset to last year’s numbers. We have new numbers that are a little bit stretch targets for next year. So, every year that we accomplish over 100%, it’s a pretty Herculean feat. So, it’s not that we go into it saying we are going to earn 150% in the next year and you have kind of expense catch up at the second half of the year. So, it’s a true reset and those are the two reasons for the expense drop off.
Tony Maslowski: Yes. So everything we have right now and again this is assuming model that no Broadcom. So I mean in a full year, if you do just us, it’s this new run rate. We will have our new mid-year merit increases, which is a couple of percent. And then if we outperform our businesses, you will see some bonus catch up in the second half. So yes, this is the – I would consider stable run rate. Again, we throw that out of window when we do Q2 and we start integrating Broadcom, so.
Tony Maslowski: Yes. So, taken in reverse order, we definitely have the debt capacity go probably back to three years slightly above it. So, you can think about it at any given time we could be another turn here right out of the gate. However, the Broadcom acquisition, there will be a digestion phase for Broadcom. And as we have said, we don’t wake up every morning looking for the next acquisition. We are very opportunistic on the acquisition front and we will look at it as we go. But again, I think we have flexibility with a starting point at 2.5 to do what we need to do. And if something opportunistic comes along, we will take advantage of that.
Tony Maslowski: Thank you, operator. Thank you for participating in today’s earnings call. We look forward to talking with you again when we report our first quarter fiscal year 2016 financial results.
