Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the investor section of our website for additional information that will supplement my financial commentary. Moving to the financial overview, to summarize, total revenue came in at $1.98 billion, down 3.9% sequentially and down 1% year over year. Q1 non-GAAP product gross margin was down 40 basis points from Q4 to 52.2%. Q1 GAAP product gross margin was 49.4%. Non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $4 million sequentially, while GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were up $6 million. Q1 non-GAAP EPS was $0.51 per share, or $0.05 above the First Call consensus of $0.46 per share. Q4 GAAP EPS was $0.28 per share. Cash flow from operations for Q1 was $606 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $4.9 billion. Moving to revenue and gross margin, in January, we said that we expected Q1 product revenue between $1.9 billion and $2 billion. We delivered revenue at the high end of that range at $1.98 billion. Our broadband communications segment came in ahead of expectations at $559 million, up roughly 2% sequentially. Upside in the quarter was driven by stronger than expected sales of both set top box and broadband modem solutions. Revenue from our infrastructure and networking segment came in ahead of expectations as well at $579 million, up roughly 1% sequentially. Upside in the quarter was driven by the Ethernet switch. Our mobile and wireless segment decreased roughly 10% sequentially to $846 million. Our Q1 non-GAAP product gross margin was down 40 basis points from Q4 to 52.2%, which is ahead of our initial expectations primarily due to mix. Our Q1 GAAP product gross margin was down from Q4 to 49.4%. Moving to operating expenses, total non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q4 were up $4 million from Q4 levels, which was below our expectations, driven primarily by faster achievement of synergies from the Renaissance transaction and lower mask and related spending Moving to other items, in March 2014, we sold certain Ethernet controller related assets and provided certain nonexclusive intellectual property licenses to QLogic for $209 million. We recorded a gain on the sale of assets of $48 million and deferred revenue related to a licensing and supply agreement of $120 million that will be amortized over approximately seven years. For further discussion, please see our 10-Q that we anticipate filing later today. During the quarter we recognized a $25 million impairment of intangible assets, of which $5 million related to the Renaissance transaction. This was driven by a reduction in revenue expectations from the acquired Legacy modem. With this reduction we believe it is still possible that we achieve nine figures of LTE revenue but doing so will depend on sell through of existing designs, particularly in the back half of the year. Finally, we currently expect the Renaissance transaction to be closer to roughly $0.15 dilutive in 2014 operating results as lower than expected volume was mostly offset by improved costs. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities ended Q1 at $4.9 billion of which, roughly 45% is in the U.S. Cash flow from operations was $606 million with the strength partially driven by the receipt of cash from QLogic and timing of certain payments which occurred early in Q2. Accounts receivable day sales outstanding were 34 days in Q1 and net inventory turns were 7.6. Moving to expectations, we currently expect net revenue in Q2 to be $2 billion to 2.1 billion. On a segment perspective we expect broadband and infrastructure to be up and mobile and wireless to be down slightly. We expect Q2 non-GAAP product gross margin to be up 75 to 175 basis points and GAAP product gross margin to be up roughly 100 to 200 basis points. Roughly half of the sequential improvement in gross margin is from favorable mix and half is driven by improvements in certain non-standard costs, some which are non-recurring. We expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q2 to be down $5 million to up $15 million and GAAP to be flat to up $20 million. And now I’d like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Eric Brandt: So, Craig, what I would say is that we were about probably 20 million better than what consensus was in Q1 and we’re sort of seeing good progress in Q2 with good thigh expense management. I would expect that the rest of year, given we’ve gotten a fair bid of what we’ve expected to get out of the synergies that it would be fairly flatfish with some lumpiness associated with masks and tapeouts.
Eric Brandt: Yeah. You know, look 3G is down and I think partially due to pricing, partially due to volume. We’re not thinking a lot of it, a lot about in terms of the cannibalization of 3G. We think 3G has got its own set of models and it’s not sort of a tradeoff between the models. We believe we have the R&D investment in place. So literally, virtually all of the gross margin that we achieve on LTE should drop through net of the 3G. I don’t have a connection to the LTE side of that.
Eric Brandt: Thanks Harlan. In terms of our LTE business, we had some initial small designs and what we do is we see larger design in the second half of the year. And so as those ramp, that’s what going to, we believe drive the volume growth in LTE. And so we’re waiting for those to deploy over the next months here. And again, it’s pretty mature to scribe those but as they came out we will be able to talk more about those, but it’s an increased number of models and models that are more applicable across a broader range of the geographies is what we see driving it in the second half.
Eric Brandt: Srini, it’s really two things. One is -- the probably most important is the additional R&D cost we took on with the Renaissance transaction and the reduction in absolute revenue, that’s number one. And then I would say secondarily with respect to the pricing pressure in 3G which really is that vast majority of the revenue in mobile right now in terms of the cellular side, there has been quite significant price pressure in the 3G side of the house.
Eric Brandt: The broadband group is really doing well. Those guys are executing well. Their products are strong, a great roadmap and it think in terms of exciting things in the near term for growth are really geographical penetration. Broadcom has historical been very strong in North America and to some extent Europe and we haven’t seen the penetration in the rest of the world and we’re now really sort of going out around the globe and able to drive that. And I think that’s a multiyear growth opportunity for those guys to go take share actually geographically. I think we’ve got some other opportunities, you mentioned some of them. Certainly the HEVC and Ultra HD technology, as a lot carriers move to higher bandwidth and HEVC is interesting because it gives you basically twice in encoding performance so you can use our it on existing HD channels. It’s not just an ultra HD things but it’s certainly helps to free up some bandwidth for ultra HD. So I think that those guys have a real good opportunity. Now that being said, historically if you look to graph of the growth rate of that group it’s been a little lumpy and they have really, really years some softer years. I think if you modeled that as a mid-single digit grower, that’s probably the right things to put into your long term model. But we’re certainly going to have years when we do better than that.
Eric Brandt: So in the China LTE roll out, we provide which is there in some cases, we see we’ll be able to provide various other parts of the base stations. Our ambition longer term is to provide the complete base station solution but we only have some other pieces there today with front hall, backhaul, fiber channel pieces of that, the switch and some of the Ethernet capability there but we’re certainly having ambitions to do a more complete solution in that space.
Eric Brandt: Well, we see Trident II is a great product and of course you know our roadmap extends beyond Trident II the future products. So I wouldn’t view that as a one shot. I see that as a pretty much, if you can imagine an airport with planes landing, we’ve got them all queued up and ready to go there. We are seeing some new large customers beginning to ramp our merchant solutions. And that’s mostly yet to come. But we’ve seen very broad adoption of our Trident series of switches and our fabric products as well, very, very good customer acceptance for those products. So I think we’ve got excellent strength there.
Eric Brandt: In terms of data center and enterprise, we haven’t yet seen sort of a wholesale ramp of the enterprise business and we’d like to see that come. The real growth area for us in this cloud datacenters and people doing really good deployment there. So these tend to be Greenfield datacenters where they deploy a wide range of our products in those. And then I also mentioned the LTDE roll out for base stations, which includes a lot of our products, but I think the cloud datacenter stuff looks like they are very strong trend. We expect that to continue and Broadcom had probably the best products for people deploying large scale high performance datacenters.
Eric Brandt: I think the NFC market has gone through some interesting changes. One has being the reduction of expectation for embedded secure element. That used to be a large part of the revenue expectation for that market and that’s come out. As a lot of our carriers see that as a competition for, sort of, how they want to run their networks. We do believe that NFC will overtime grow for us. We lost a couple of big design wins to a competitor. We think we have an opportunity to win those back overtime. And long-term, we believe most connectivity solutions move to Combo based products, but right now the market when I see hold probably in the near-term is certainly more of a discrete kind of product.
Eric Brandt: The LTE products we have this year, frankly are not high end. I’d say they are more low-mid. And so, those are the products that we have in the market today. The products that we’re taping out over the next – that we’d already taped out and will be taping out over the next months are mid and high end products and so we’re looking to see design wins there. Those were not shift in terms of revenue this year though on those high end products.
Eric Brandt: We haven’t given a specific timeframe. We’ve instead said that there are some milestones that we put forward that we track and again there are technical milestones, there are customer earned milestones and then there are economic milestones that we look to -- in terms of can we create economic value and shareholder value with these products. And again, that’s no different than for any of rest of our products that we look at that. And certainly right now we believe that there is a tremendous in this business. And if we succeed in getting strong design winds with the products that I mentioned in the conversation, we could have a good business here. If we don’t see customer traction on those products and we don’t find the market attractive, then that would lead us to a different conclusion. So for me it’s very important to see how these products do over the next few quarters and I think that’s what I am looking for in terms of seeing whether we create economic value here. But again, these are pretty interesting products and I wouldn’t second guess them. And on the other hand we’re going to do the right to create shareholder value. We are saying we are going to do what’s rights for our shareholder in the end here.
Eric Brandt: The Renaissance or X Nokia modem team is really, really good team. And I think that we’ve seen a number of things as a result of that acquisition. One is very strong creditability with customers and carriers. This is a team that’s been working on this stuff for decades. These guys invented LTE and so that strength of technical ability and creditability has really helped us in terms of working with carriers, in terms of working with customers. And the team has executed really well. I think everybody was concerned whenever you do acquisition, will the group perform and that acquisition has gone very well. That team executes well and we’ve been able to bond that together the pieces of the Broadcom team to provide the rest of some of those advanced LTE features and fill out the product set. So I am very happy with the engineering team from Renaissance. They’ve done a great job. And I think the strength of these products that we’re coming out with over the next quarters is definitely due to not only the strength we had here at Broadcom but exceptional team at Renaissance. And again I am proud of this guys and the products will probably surprise some people. No one else has yet talked about Cat 7, Cat 9 and Cat 10 products. And so for us to talk about that today shows the confidence we have in able to do advanced LTE products.
Scott McGregor: A number of question there. Why don’t I turn the first one to Eric on the Renaissance in turn and then I’ll be happy to cover the others.
Scott McGregor: Craig let me offer a number of perspectives on the market in response to your question there. In connectivity share overall, Broadcom’s connectivity share remains relatively strong, specifically at the high end and we see that continuing. We do see low end moving to integrated platforms, where Broadcom has less share and mid-tier is much more competitive. But we do see good strength in the high end. In terms of mobile and wireless revenue in Q2, we see connectivity relatively stronger than the base band and that’s partly because of 3G pricing expected to be down into Q2. And we focus our R&D primarily on 4G. In terms of LTE design wins, we are engaged with multiple customers. We have multiple design wins. And in terms of the progress on our LTE milestones, we think we’re doing quite well on the technical milestones. It’s still too soon to tell on the economics and customer traction. We really need to see that ramp continue here but I would observe that there are a lot of design wins in play right now with key customers and so I think an opportunity for us going forward. And certainly anytime you lose money in the business as you’ve pointed out, that’s a disappointment and so we need to move expeditiously to fix that. We do continue to see the business as more backend focused into second half of this year and so we do some design wins ramping there. And I think if those design wins ramp strongly, we should see certainly an improvement on the bottom line. So assuming again we do see that ramp, I’d say definitely we should see some pickup in the second half.
Scott McGregor: Thanks, Vivek. Our products today support TD-LTE. What we’ll be adding is TD-SCDMA, which is China 3G standard, which is important both for the China market as well as dealing worldwide phones and that was something that we didn’t have in our products that limited some of our opportunity to penetrate the market. So we’ll definitely have all of that in our products going forward. In terms of pricing, the pricing environment is challenging, 3G in particular. 3G pricing is fairly aggressive at this point. 4G price has come down particularly in the low end, but we think that one of the advantages we have as being one of the very few people in the high end of LTE advance, we see a relatively better pricing environment there versus what I think some of the other players are trying to gain a foothold in the lower end market in LTE.
Scott McGregor: For all of our businesses at Broadcom, we always look at what is the opportunity to create shareholder value and that’s a series of metrics that includes growth, includes margin, it includes both gross margin as well as operating margin and both near term, medium term and long term views on that. And so the metrics that we look at are the economic viability of that business. And we don’t do businesses to lose to money. We do businesses to make money. And we need to believe that there is an opportunity to do that in order to invest in those businesses going forward. And I think again, we believe right now it’s too early to call on those businesses. We think we’ve got some great products coming out and we think there is some pretty interesting customers’ opportunities but those are financial metrics we look at in order to determine whether we make investments, not only in cellular but in any of our businesses.
Scott McGregor: Well, your question is a little hypothetical but let me try to help you. Certainly, when we win a baseband, the probability that we win the connectivity with it is extremely high. And so to the extent that we gain share in baseband, we would probably be able to actually our share in connectivity. We’ve seen some competition at the low and mid-range take some share from us and connectivity. This would be an opportunity to gain that back, if we have success in baseband. I think, if you look at connectivity if we didn’t have baseband at all, we would certainly see success in many area, including areas we’re already very strong in, the high end of the smartphones, high volume smartphones. We also would see opportunities in wearables, Internet of Things, PCs all kind of other devices. So it’s fairly diverse business that we see today. But certainly the largest piece of it is the cellular. And again there’s a synergistic benefit to having both of those businesses. But it wouldn’t drive a decision against the ability to make shareholder out of the total business.
Scott McGregor: I think you’re going to see a variable rainbow of what people are doing. There is some people who still have N [ph] in their phones and they’ll transition to basically 1x1. We see the 1x1 guys transitioning to 2x2 and there is some additional technologies that will come out with over the course of the next year to offer additional features. We see a pretty rich pipeline of connectivity technologies that we have to constantly bring more value to our customers. And so we think we’ve got the opportunity to keep that moving there. But again it’s not one specific transition. It’s a variety of transition across the whole matrix of customers and what they’re using today and moving up to the next step pretty much across the board.
Scott McGregor: I think with the slowing of smartphones it’s going to make that more challenging. So in order for us to grow in connectivity it’s going to depend on the ramp up in the second half. We could very much do that. But again it’s a little hard to call until we see the ramp up there in the second half. So stay tuned on that. But it’s certainly possible to do that, but not a guaranteed thing as we’re sure as we were a little while ago because of the lower handset volumes.
Scott McGregor: Well, to be honest Srini, I don’t know. I have seen numbers ranging from 19 trillion to much lower numbers. We think it’s an important trend but predicting exactly how fast that’s going to go is hard. Our goal is to create interesting new products out there, again focused on form factor and power and features unique to that market. So I think right now we certainly see a number of products there. I don’t think it’s going to be a huge needle mover this year for us or many companies but over the next few years I think it’s a definite factor.
Scott McGregor: For the last three years, we’ve been able to grow our networking business double digit and I think that’s due to a number of things. It’s due to certainly strong product cycles, good technology, we’ve been able to gain share in that market and we’ve seen some favorable macro trends and industry trends where people are moving to cloud based data centers. We’re seeing a lot of deployment by service providers in areas such as China. In terms of some of those trends, in terms of products and share, I think we’re in good shape to continue that trend. What’s a little hard for us to forecast is exactly how sustainable all of the macro market is going to be but certainly this year is looking good and I don’t see any inherent reason why we wouldn’t be able to grow double digit or at least come close to it.
Scott McGregor: I think it certainly informs our decision on that and we need to look at whether markets can structurally be profitable or not and that’s something that we’ll factor into our decisions going forward. I think we have some advantages over some of the other competitors. For example a very rich breadth of IT portfolio including strong connectivity, strong radio power management technology, all of the different things you put in handheld devices and I think that’s unique at Broadcom. Other companies are trying to catch up in that regard but I think that’s a strength that we really have of leadership technologies across a wide range there. So I think we’ve, got some really interesting products and we’ll see how those play out with customers this year. But if we were to conclude that nobody can make money in that business or it’s not possible to do so for us that would certainly be factor in our consideration.
Scott McGregor: Certainly for baseband, for us it’s a market share opportunity. So, it doesn’t particularly matter that the market’s slowing a little bit there because it’s a market share gain play there and we have a relatively small market share in baseband today and to the extent we can gain a higher market presence there that’s definitely a positive opportunity. I think the opportunity in the connectivity side is more getting increasing content into those devices and moving people upscale. So for example moving from 802.11n to AC to 2x2 and to some of new technologies we’ll be announcing adds additional value and ASP increased for us on those products. And to the extent we can get a boarder footprint across for phones, that’s the market opportunity. So that’s the play for us in that space as well some of the newer markets, Internet of Things, wearables, and other things being added into that overall market opportunity.
Scott McGregor: As people upgrade the datacenters to 10 gig and 25 gig and 40 gig and up to 100 gig, that’s certainly an opportunity for us because we typically upgrade all the connectivity components, all the Ethernet switches and other aspects of that. In terms of Ethernet controllers, we now partner with QLogic and so some of grandly designs that for the 10 gig there will now be done with QLogic and us as an ASIC partner for them. So I think overall as our datacenters upgrade and move to a higher bandwidth, that generally plays well for us, increasing both numerical quantity as well as the ASP of the products we sell in.
Scott McGregor: So let me explain that in a little more detail. We have a family of products. So it’s not just one or two products. It’s a whole family of products, includes a family of thin modems and a family of SoCs. And we will target everything from low to medium to high in that space offering variations of products at different clock speeds for example, different modem capabilities. And again we’re not at the point of a product announcement at this point. That will come later on this year for those products but we will offer a range of products covering the spectrum.
Scott McGregor: I’d say it’s a combination of three things that I would focus on. There are many individual drivers but I’d say the big three are the ramp up of our LTE basebands, the increase in ASP as we move to higher end products and then just the overall product cycles with some of our large customers as they launch new products in the second half.
Scott McGregor: Thank you everyone for joining us today. Our broadband and infrastructure segments continue to deliver outstanding results and we see that momentum continuing into the June quarter. In mobile we’re focused on delivering leadership connectivity solutions and executing to our milestones in LTE. With that, thank you very much again for joining us. And have a good day.
