Scott A. McGregor: Yes, we -- let me put a little more color on that. We originally said that we expected 3G to cross over 2G some time mid-year of this year. And instead, what we saw is considerable strength in our 3G baseband business, and they crossed over in the first quarter. We do expect them to continue to grow in the second quarter. So that's one of our growth drivers in the second quarter. We still see some softness in our 2G business, and we expect that to continue to decline over the course of the year. But I think after the second quarter, the headwinds are pretty much gone, and we don't expect to see headwinds in Q3 or Q4. With some customers, for example, like Samsung, we're primarily 3G today. At Nokia, we're 100% 2G, and at this point, we don't expect material revenue from Nokia 3G this year. We expect that will be a 2013 event at this point.
Scott A. McGregor: I think inventories are generally in pretty good shape. You can see that we exited Q1 with 7.7 turns. So our inventory is in incredibly good shape and if anything, we'd probably like to even increase it a little to have more parts on hand. We do have customers, in some cases, still having a little bit of inventory they need to work down. But in many other cases, and becoming more common, we have customers expediting parts and trying to pull in orders. So I'd say it's a fairly normal inventory situation at this point. We see some customers with more or less, but looks pretty normal. I don't think it's driven so much by inventory replenishment, but more natural demand that we're seeing from customers.
Scott A. McGregor: Well, first of all, I have to comment that the fully integrated solution doesn't use any fewer chips than our solution. So that's more of a marketing phrase than I think a reality out there. But anyway, we have heard rumors from customers that they are struggling with manufacturer of that part and a little hard to determine whether it's a allocation issue, or whether it's a product issue or other things. We hear various rumors along those lines. But I think one of the messages that's clearly come out is that customers are hesitant to bet on Qualcomm that has not worked well as a strategy for those who put all their eggs in one basket, which is very favorable for us. So I'd say we're seeing much more interest from customers, especially as we get our own more advanced 3G and 4G solutions better to market. So I'd say, overall, we see an improving interest in customers, in our products and contributing to design wins going forward.
Scott A. McGregor: Sure, I can. And we think of the legacy business as both the 2G baseband and the multimedia coprocessors. And they did decline meaningfully in Q1, and we expect them to decline again in Q2. By the time we get to Q2, the total amount of those businesses will be low tens of millions. And so we expect them to still decline over the course of the year, but it won't be meaningful in our overall numbers and don't expect it to really provide a headwind. They'll decline eventually to 0 over the course of the year into the first part of next year. But again, just the magnitude of them is small enough that it won't provide the headwind. And because they're relatively small in magnitude, that gives us the confidence that the headwind will abate. We're not just sort of hoping they hold up. It's really that they're small, and so, are dwarfed by the numbers that we see for the 3G business.
Scott A. McGregor: To 802.11n. Thank you. I'd say it'll be probably a little bit faster. Unlike 802.11n, the infrastructure part typically leads. People want to have base stations before they connect the clients. So for us, the announcement of the Netgear client that will ship this month is very important. We see a number of other customers also launching quickly. So we believe the infrastructure will be out there pretty quickly. We expect clients -- you could begin to see those towards the latter part of this year, but that's mostly a next year event. Think of it this year, for infrastructure; next year, for clients. That's typical with 802.11. But we think that this is a pretty compelling solution, just in terms of the kind of performance improvements you get. So expect it to go fairly quickly with the infrastructure in place.
Scott A. McGregor: We're pretty happy with the 3G business that we've seen, and I think it's quite likely at this point that it will grow. It's a little hard to predict how popular some of the models will be, and so I'm not committing to that. But I think, certainly, versus prior calls and conversations we've had, I think things are looking rosier for our 3G business. We've got a lot of good design wins. Our customers are getting good traction with the products, they're selling well, they look good. We're seeing good traction on future products. So I'm feeling significantly better about our 3G business.
Scott A. McGregor: So we definitely have a roadmap on 28-nanometers. And, by and large, we chose to use what's called the HPM process, which came out a little later than some of the processes that other people are using. But we waited because the HPM process tends to have a better figure of merit than the HP or the Poly/SiON processes that some of our competitors are using. So when we do come out with 28-nanometer products, they should have better specs, better power performance and whatnot. We have already taped out a number of 28-nanometer chips. We believe we'll see some 28-nanometer revenue this year, but it will be relatively immaterial. Primarily our revenue is on 65 nanometer moving to 40-nanometer. Most of our tape-outs are still 40-nanometer. And next year, you'll start to see the 28-nanometer revenue ramp, but it will still be a minority of our business. And so we are less subject to some of the initial ramp problems that some of our competitors have had with 28-nanometer in some of the foundries. We do see that 40-nanometer and 28-nanometer, often used on shared equipment, which drives a little bit of tightness in the 40 nanometer side of the business as people look to get 28-nanometer capacity. But we don't see that as impacting our business. We've been able to get the wafers we need by and large because we have excellent relationships with our foundry partners. And so for us, access to wafers or pricing or other terms have not been a limiting factor for our business right now.
Scott A. McGregor: Absolutely. In my prepared remarks, I did talk about service provider revenues being weak and certainly, a number of our peers have seen the same thing. We do see those stabilizing, and I think it does have some regional variation. I think certainly China came in weaker than expected, but anecdotally, that's said to improve. I think recent press releases from 2 of the largest service providers in North America recently have talked to increased capital spending as they rollout a variety of their both wireline, as well as wireless infrastructure. So we do see service providers stabilizing and believe that will be an improving trend over the course of the year, where it has been weak for the last couple of quarters.
Scott A. McGregor: I'm a little reluctant to break things out in quite the detail you're looking. But let me try to be helpful. We see the 3G business as not just a little bit bigger than the 2G, but significantly bigger than the 2G business at this point. So it will be the predominant driver for us going forward, which also reflects on the headwind comments I made before so -- which I think is a very good trend. And again, we were expecting originally that would happen sometime mid-year and to have it happen in the first quarter is very positive news. In terms of customers, Samsung is certainly our largest customer for 3G basebands, but we do have other customers and we expect to grow across all of our customers and add a few new customers over the course of the year.
Scott A. McGregor: So, I said baseband and use that for short [ph] . We only sell integrated devices. So every single one of our basebands comes with application processors. And so, when we sell a baseband chip, it includes sufficient application processors that they don't need to buy one from anyone else. So that is our strategy going forward. And in fact, frankly, I believe that the concept of a standalone baseband chip is pretty much obsolete over the next couple of years, and people will largely buy an integrated SoCs that cover the combination of baseband and application processor and some other functions, certainly, some of the graphics. And we can debate about how much else it includes. But certainly, those pieces, I think, will become very, very popular to be integrated. And so the answer to your question is, yes, that's an integrated baseband plus application processor that completes the need for those functions for those customers. And it also includes a graphics processor and in many cases, an image processor that handles all of the camera aspects as well.
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we certainly sell both Wi-Fi in combos and Wi-Fi discrete. And for example some of our cellular customers will buy an integrated Bluetooth FM and FC combination or something like that to put a Wi-Fi as a discrete to go along with it. And one of the reasons customers do that is because they want to have different SKUs, and they want to have like a low-end Wi-Fi, a mid-range Wi-Fi and a high-end Wi-Fi. And by -- because all of our software is compatible and we provide a really broad solution for customers. Many of them do choose to do Wi-Fi. Also, we have a number of customers like automotive customers or other things where a discrete Wi-Fi makes sense for the kind of product they want to ship. So we very much have both, a combo business and a Wi-Fi business. That being said, the combo business is larger than our discrete business, but we do expect good growth opportunities in both.
Scott A. McGregor: I would say seasonality is, while it's a factor, I think attach rate and penetration of new technologies is more significant. In China in particular, we originally saw a discrete marketplace and sometimes with our competitor products. And we see that moving more towards our combo chips. So that's a combination share gain for us there and penetration. We also see that smartphones are becoming more popular. And so smartphones, as a percentage of total phones, are going up dramatically, which has a drag-along effect of bringing our combo chips into play there. And so I think those are more important factors than the seasonality overall. Generally, the seasonality is favorable in the second and third quarters, a little falloff in the fourth quarter as people in the third quarter really push hard to build for the holiday season. So that would be a seasonal effect. But again, I believe that the penetration and the attach rate will be a more significant driver.
Scott A. McGregor: Certainly. We have quite a few new announcements of new products in the fabric space, network processors, all kinds of things. So I would say our competitiveness of products is probably higher than it's ever been. The Romley rollout has basically standardized on 10 gig. And so we see that driving servers to 10 gig, and so we believe the people will move quickly to 10 gig and in aggregation, use 40 and 100 gig as well. So it's a multi-year secular trend, I think, to move towards the faster networking speeds. And we're very well set up to have best-in-class products for both the enterprise customers and the data centers, as well as the service providers who are going to take advantage of a lot of that. So it's a good secular trend. I think you'll see a shorter-term benefit from the Romley roll out. But overall, we see that as a growing business as people have a demand for much more bandwidth.
Scott A. McGregor: So it does represent a change from our previous calls. And that's why I felt the need to mention it before. We no longer expect material revenue from Nokia 3G basebands this year. But what I also said is that we're very bullish about our baseband business overall and expect it to grow significantly in 3G with other customers. Why do we expect to see it in 2013? Well, our conversations with the customer lead us to believe that. But we can't say much more about that at this point. You'd have to talk to Nokia, and we protect their confidentiality. So a very, very positive trend on our 3G basebands. We will grow perhaps even faster than we originally thought without that customer. And we hope to add that customer next year.
Scott A. McGregor: That absolutely is a goal of the company. I think, historically, Broadcom has had excellent integrated products that focus more on the mid-range of smartphones and of feature phones. And what we've said is that to the extent that, historically, we had a gap on processor performance or on modem capabilities, we will eliminate that gap. And we've been working hard on that, and we believe we've got great products in the pipe. And you'll be seeing those roll out. As is our typical style, we generally don't announce those products until they ship. So I can't tell you much more about them. But I think based on what I know about our products and the customer reaction we've had, we have no apologies to make in our future products.
Scott A. McGregor: I'm afraid all we've said is that we don't anticipate revenue from LTE in 2012. But we haven't really given any more color beyond that. So, sorry, I can't say more than that at this point. But as those products roll out and become visible, we'll certainly talk about them.
Scott A. McGregor: Yes, thank you. In summary, this quarter saw Broadcom bring to market innovative products across our entire portfolio. They expand our addressable market, they push the leading edge of technology and position us for success in the fastest-growing markets in the semiconductor industry. We're excited about this year, great design win traction. We look forward to talking with you on our next call. Thanks, and have a good day.
Eric K. Brandt: It actually is, Ross. Half -- so we guided flat. We were up 150 basis points. Roughly half of that is standard margin, and roughly the other half of that is what I'll call other cost of sales, principally a release on the E&O line. We don't forecast that as an ongoing trend. So if you think about it and you assume that, that reverts back the way it was, then really, the underlying gross margin was up about half of that 150 basis points. And going into Q2, it's up the other half of that 150 basis points on the flat guide given that we've sort of reversed the benefit -- or in our forecast of that E&O side. Now we don't know. We just -- that's just the way we forecast it. In addition, there's another -- there's a couple of other headwinds on the other cost of sales like picking up some additional royalties from patent trolls and things like that from some of the settlements we've got. But fundamentally, the margin trend is favorable as I mentioned last quarter, and we are cautiously optimistic as that goes across the year.
Eric K. Brandt: So again, NetLogic was $33 million on our P&L in Q1 and $50 million in the pre-acquisition period. For cumulative Q1 for NetLogic of $83 million in Q1. We won't break it out in much more detail, Romit. What I will tell you is, the growth rate sequentially of NetLogic Q1 to Q2 is consistent with the guidance we provided for the overall corporation.
Eric K. Brandt: Over the course of the year, we certainly pick up some additional cost synergies associated with the transaction to just give you a sense. On the non-GAAP EPS we reported, the NetLogic contribution in Q1 was neutral. So that $0.65 was really all native Broadcom business or organic Broadcom business. As it plays out for OpEx over the course of the year, and one of the reasons why I broke out the OpEx the way I did, is that we are talking about basically organic OpEx growth of flat to $15 million. If you take the midpoint of that and you look at what we actually performed on the organic component of the Broadcom business, actually, we would probably be below from a Broadcom perspective what many of have in your models in Q2. Having said that, I think we are becoming a little more comfortable with the spending pattern over the course of the year based on some of the growth trends we're seeing in the business. So broadband's growth into Q2, which is actually stronger by the fact there's a decline of the Consumer Electronics business and it will actually show some growth, including a decline in the Consumer Electronics business. The fact that Mobile & Wireless was flat in Q1 despite the drop in 2G and seasonally typically being down also reflected some strength in our minds. And again, using some of the guidance or qualitative aspects associated with NetLogic going into Q2, you can see the underlying ING business is also growing into Q2. So we're trying to remain relatively tight. We want to run our business on a product operating margin north of 20%. We were 19.1% this quarter. We'd like to pick that back up. But having said that, I think we're beginning to see some signs where we may be able to spend a little bit higher than we originally anticipated entering this year.
Eric K. Brandt: No, we don't break apart the different businesses. I would say as you probably know, the majority of what goes on in Mobile & Wireless in the wireless connectivity and principally in the combo side. Beyond that, Craig, we just haven't provided additional detail other than some of the qualitative things Scott said about 2G and 3G.
Eric K. Brandt: We expect mask [ph] costs to grow in Q2 and -- after sort of some growth in Q1. I think it's relatively steady across the year, although on a dollar basis, it will drift up as more dedicated 40s are coming out and some of the 28s move to production mode.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes. So let me deal with the Qualcomm one first. Qualcomm royalties will drop to $48 million next quarter, and then drop to $43 million and stay at $43 million a quarter through the middle of next year, through the second quarter of next year. On gross margins, as I mentioned, half of the gross margin outperformance this quarter were the underlying product cost base, and the other half was based on E&O reversal. And that the flat gross margin in this quarter removes that benefit of the E&O. And so you actually get some standard margin benefit going into Q2. Depending on the mix of the business, Stacy, over the course of the year, we're not changing our range, which is 50 to 52. But I wouldn't be surprised to see us riding around this range and maybe drift up at the end of the year once we wash out some of the older NetLogic parts that were manufactured under their contracts and moved to our contracts. So there are some tailwinds certainly for NetLogic as it grows over the course of the year. It was only about 20 basis points of tailwind to gross margin this quarter, and it will drift up, we think, closer to the 100 basis points end of this year, beginning of next year.
Eric K. Brandt: So costs come up in Q2 because of the -- because basically, we got 40% of the revenue and 50% of the costs. So we'll pick it up in Q2. And then costs, I would say, would be -- as we said earlier in the year, grow at a much more moderated rate. So I don't expect costs to come down, but I don't expect them to grow meaningfully, certainly, until we feel that we're comfortably running above 20% OI.
Eric K. Brandt: So what I would say to you is the ranking you saw is actually pretty consistent. What's interesting is with the strength we're seeing in some of the cellular side, I would probably say that's moving up. Broadband, now that we've sort of removed the Consumer Electronics business, I think it's also beginning to move up in some of the businesses inside of broadband. So I would say that there is some internal movement. Certainly, we are not terribly excited about the aggregate change in the NetLogic business from the middle of last year to now, but I think strategically, all the reasons we bought the business remain, and we're encouraged by the fact that it appears to us that as much as they've experienced some of the things their peers have, it looks like less, in fact, than many of your peers, which would indicate to us that they are, in fact, gaining share of the markets that they're in. So that would be sort of the best qualitative picture I can give you.
