Hock Tan: Thanks, Tom. No. Well done on explaining it. But Ross, to answer your question pointedly directly on the revenue side, and you can hear the 2 dynamics going on, one is how we make the investment, where do we do the spending. The other top line is you can see that VMware has a perpetual model a lot in -- a lot of their on-prem licenses, they have a substantial $3 billion perpetual. And we are converting them to over time -- over the next couple of years to subscription. And that will likely take from a reporting point of view, a slight dip, but within 3 years a recovery -- and a recovery back to a run rate that probably, as Tom indicated, is probably higher than mid-single digits, and we are structuring ourselves to go through that.  From an economic point of view, whether it's perpetual or subscription, frankly, is the same. But we want to make it very consistent with the way we run the model. And based on this, we are, in a sense, restructuring the contracts, perpetual, the subscription. And you -- that's why you depending on where you see it, you'll see a slower growth at the beginning, if any, followed by a more rapid growth as we convert more to subscription.
Hock Tan: Well, again, we're dancing around the central issue, which is we will keep -- and we have seen us -- we invest in R&D and hardware we do a lot of that if we have to. And it's all at the end of the day, this is a great franchise. In terms of monetization, it's all about execution. And that's, in a nutshell, what we're seeing here. We believe we will execute much, much different, hopefully better, than what we have been seeing so far.
Hock Tan: To clarify, the mid-60s refer to VMware stand-alone where we're driving it. And just to make it clear on handling where the long tail is, I think our strategy of focusing, as Tom indicated very clearly, on selling new products, on supporting the largest enterprises in the world, create their private cloud. And beyond that, having a hybrid cloud structure, we'll probably extend -- as Tom indicated, today, core 600 strategic accounts to a larger group of 1,500 accounts. This is what is enabling us to do with VMware. And that will be direct focus and a lot of attention and support to get -- to drive revenue growth and adoption of the various new products and software stacks that VMware has, especially in the realm of private cloud and software-defined networks.  In terms of the long tail of 300,000 customers, we do not -- as we perhaps had looked at before, we are looking at it very, very positively, too, in the sense that we will make sure these are well supported. This continues to be a business base that will grow, but we will go through it and we will handle these guys through partners, as Tom indicated. Distributors, resellers, GSI partners. These will be handled simplifying our business model. But we will now have a larger core group of global 1,500, and we call it that where VMware and its scale will now enable us to focus as we had focused on the last 600 before.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, a very interesting question on networking side. It has been a trend, obviously, that has been happening for the last for over 5 years, which is in -- for us in networking, switching and routing, merchant silicon has been taking share over proprietary solutions, black boxes, so to speak. Merchant solutions enable disaggregation of hardware and software. And that always offers more resiliency, more flexibility for customers. It starts with hyperscale. We are now talking about service providers and enterprise. And what perhaps has -- may be triggering an acceleration, which I indicated maybe is probably related to the fact that we are all, enterprises in particular, are now all in reinvesting, upgrading after hiatus, probably from 2019 cutting through to the pandemic time frame.  They are now investing in new data centers. And they are now investing in basically modernizing their data centers and they're going for next generation. And that we figure is what's triggering it. We are seeing acceleration in our Tomahawk 3's and 4's, we're seeing some of the leading-edge products, and the Trident versions correspondingly. We're seeing acceleration in Jericho2c and the latest one at the edge Qumran. All these are the big drivers. And it's almost a fast -- larger adoption than we would perceive under normal growth patterns. To put it bluntly, we're gaining market share in merchant silicon over proprietary solution. And it's an acceleration of a trend that has been going on over 5 years. And that is what is very clear.  And in terms of supply chain question, I always get this question, and of course, I'll answer that point blank: Over the past 12 months or so, we are challenged on making sure we meet demand on a timely basis in just what they want. And if you look at it that way, we do not see a challenge necessary in supply. Rather we see it as a demand -- constant demand challenge in the sense that we have to pass through our backlog carefully.  And as I indicated in the last three months, we just bumped up our backlog substantially. And it doesn't -- in spite of lead times being unchanged -- unextended and unchanged. So there is demand out there that keeps coming in for our products. And now it's particularly so in a couple of areas. It's not necessarily across the board, it is in a couple of areas. And we happen to be very lucky to be in those areas that are still strong, largely related to infrastructure. We are seeing in that networking, that includes both hyperscale, telcos, service providers as well as enterprise. And particularly in enterprise, we are seeing, embellish a lot I might add, by content increase in server storage, connectivity, where we are now selling in the new generation, as I indicated in the last earnings call, subsystems where our customers prefer buying subsystems from us rather than just a chip. And that step-up content dramatically and on top of that, we're still continuing strong demand in these 2 space, we are seeing -- continue to see not just revenue accelerating, but bookings accelerating. And these are real demand. And we have, of course, the supply to meet those critical needs as we see.
Hock Tan: To answer right to the bottom line, we see a lot of benefits in putting all these various franchises we have, hardware and software under one umbrella. Think of it this way, Toshiya, it's like what merchant silicon is driving that trend. It's -- the old model is you sell a black box hardware and software system to a customer in the IT department -- to JPMorgan IT department. That's what you do in the past. If something goes wrong, you ask a support, you scream for help and because you don't know what's going on inside the thing. We are creating a model of disaggregation between hardware and software. We may still not know much about systems, but we sure know the technology that enables systems, whether they are switches, routers, compute, storage. And this is Broadcom -- it is a model of disaggregating hardware and software. And combined, I think we are stronger than divided. So I hope that answers your question.
Tom Krause: Yes. No, certainly. I mean if you think about it, from a go-to-market standpoint, that's where software companies spend the bulk of their dollars. The fact that we're going to go from $5-plus billion of software revenue to much closer to $20 billion is a big deal. And the fact that we can leverage the combined go-to-market engine at that scale gives us huge economies. I think what we're going to be able to do is marry effectively a direct sales force which covers the largest couple of thousand customers.  These are large multinationals across all the key verticals, primarily focused in North America and Europe, but also in parts of Asia with a very significant channel partner arrangements. I think one thing we've learned is there's an opportunity to embrace the channel, the 2-tier distribution model, distribution partners and key value-added resellers. There's also a big GSI opportunity. We worked significantly with GSIs on our side, so does VMware. And so when I look at that in its totality, what we can't do today, given our scale, we can definitely take advantage of with the newfound scale between the 2 companies. Beyond that, when you think about the R&D side of the equation, to dig deeper into it and follow up when we talked about with Ross. When you think about what supports the development of software, there's a lot of what we refer to sometimes in the  as central engineering. So software business operations, this is the continuous delivery, continuous testing capability, the ability to continuously develop applications on a consistent basis, that's expensive. It requires having your own private data centers or working with cloud providers, and having the scale to be able to drive that kind of R&D investment over a much larger portfolio is also going to drive significant benefits. So hopefully, that helps answer your question. Hock, you want to add anything that.
Tom Krause: Yes. No, you're picking up on it, Stacy. I think a lot of it is because of the portfolio and the fact that we . Yes, Stacy, a lot of it is based on the portfolio and the breadth of capability that VMware has relative to where we sit today. You're right. When we bought CA, mainframe made up at least half of the revenues. Today's mainframe is still about 50% of the overall software business at Broadcom. That's very much levered toward about 500 accounts in what we call our strategic account area, which is a direct sales motion. And that's also where we saw a lot of opportunity to drive customer synergy with Symantec, particularly around some of the Blue Coat and DLP activities that we were driving. So that was the business model that made sense. That, of course, meant we could drive operating margins, frankly, slightly north of 70% because we didn't have to invest as much in our go-to-market motion. I think with VMware, when we look at it and we look at the fact that vSphere, going back to the core, serves over 300,000 customers, and we look at the growth that the company is driving with their more modern applications, whether it be for private cloud or public cloud, we see a much bigger opportunity. And so to support that opportunity, we need to invest in sales and marketing. So when you think about the 60s EBITDA margins that I was discussing, I think I said mid-60s. That's on a much bigger scale, but at a lower EBITDA margin profile that we're running today. All of that variance is going back into the sales and marketing investment. And we think from learning about how we  and Symantec, and frankly some of the revenues that we gave up, we think we can actually go back and reinvest in the channel and continue to drive revenue growth profitably. We don't want to walk away from the channel. We actually want to embrace it.
Tom Krause: Yes, sure. So this will be accretive out of the gate, and it will get very accretive as we get through our integration process. As you look at the aggregate value here and then you look at the EBITDA expectations, we expect to drive double-digit cash-on-cash returns. That's always been our criteria, and we think that's going to create a lot of value for shareholders. In jurisdictions, we're going to file in a number of areas. You'll see that in the filings when -- around the merger agreement and everything else. But nothing out of ordinary there. And then I won't comment much on the "Go Shop", other than to say it was a highly negotiated deal and there is a "Go Shop" for 40 days.
