Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was $6.6 billion for the quarter, up 15% from a year ago. Gross margins were a record 75% of revenue in the quarter, and up approximately 180 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion down 1% year-on-year, driven by lower SG&A offset in part by increased investment in R&D. Operating income for the quarter was $3.8 billion and was up 25% from a year ago. Operating margin was 58% of revenue, up approximately 470 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $4 billion or 60% of revenue. This figure excludes $133 million of depreciation. Now, a review of the P&L for our two segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solution segment was $4.8 billion and represented 73% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 20% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solution segment were approximately 69% up 290 basis points year-on-year, driven primarily by higher product margins. This margin improvement comes from content growth, as we deploy more next generation products in broadband and networking end markets. Operating expenses were $795 million in Q2, up approximately 2% year-on-year as we invested in R&D and streamlined SG&A. R&D was $702 million in Q2, up approximately 6% year-on-year. Q2 operating margins increased to 53%, up 580 basis points year-on-year. So while semiconductor revenue was up 20%, operating profit grew 35%. Moving to the P&L for our infrastructure software segment, revenue for infrastructure software was $1.8 billion and represented 27% of revenue. This was up 4% year-on-year. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 90% in the quarter, up 100 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $355 million in the quarter, down 8% year-on-year, as we've completed the integration of Symantec. R&D spending at $228 million is up 1% year-over-year. Operating profit was up 10% year-on-year on top-line growth of 4%. Operating margin was 70% in Q2, up 360 basis points year-over-year. Moving to cash flow, free cash flow in the second quarter was $3.4 billion representing 52% of revenue. Day sales outstanding were 33-days in the second quarter compared to 51-days a year ago. We ended the second quarter with inventory of $1 billion, an increase of $52 million or 5% from the end of the prior quarter. We should also note, in Q2 we spent $126 million on capital expenditures. On the financing front, we extended our weighted average debt maturity to approximately 10-years from nine, by exchanging notes. Our weighted average coupon decreased about 5 basis points to 3.7%. During the quarter, we made $1.5 billion in payments on debt obligations, ending the quarter with $9.5 billion of cash and $40.4 billion of total debt, of which $278 million is short-term. Turning to capital allocation, in the quarter, we paid stockholders $1.6 billion of cash dividends. We also paid $461 million in withholding taxes due on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 1 million AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with $410 million outstanding common shares and $450 million diluted shares. Note, that we expect the diluted share count to be $449 million in Q3. The Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $3.60 per share in Q3. Based on current trends and conditions, our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2021 is for consolidated revenues to be $6.75 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 60% of projected revenue. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Kirsten Spears: Yeah, I'll take that one. This is Kirsten. Relative to capital allocation, first and foremost, we're dedicated to paying 50% of our free cash flows to our shareholders. And so that would be first. Secondly, M&A, if we can -- creative M&A, it would be the second objective. Then thirdly, stock buybacks and at the end, there would be debt repayments. So I think that's how we're looking at capital allocation in that order. There isn't anything yet on the M&A front that I can talk about. But if anything does come up, we'll let you know.
Kirsten Spears: I expect gross margin next quarter to be about the same as it was this quarter. And then as you know, at the end of the year, we're expecting wireless to come back in for the normal ramp that we have, and so the margins will come down a bit towards the end of the year. But at this point, I see us being able to sustain the margins that we experienced this quarter, mostly coming from networking and broadband.
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me take the question one at a time. On arrangements with long-term agreements, John, this is something we have been thoughtfully carefully putting in place with our core strategic customers. We just don't go do it as if it's commoditized. We're very thoughtful about doing it. And we do it in very specific areas where technology -- where we know for sure that the technology is fairly, fairly difficult complex to manage, and which requires a substantial amount of R&D spending. And we've been doing it for a while now. We've got strategic customers in core businesses. So we just don't do it across the board. And what you pointed out is very, very correct. It's a mutual, then it’s a structure, it’s an agreement with mutual benefit. We have the confidence to invest in R&D to make CapEx capacity investments. And in return, we offer the best leading-edge technology in specific areas in a timely manner to our critical customers. So yes, we have been doing it, and we will continue to thoughtfully do it in a very appropriate manner. On the second part, okay, which is if you could repeat the question, John, let me be sure I capture everything.
Hock Tan: It is across -- it is for enterprise spending. It is I wouldn't say across the board necessarily and trying to define enterprise very appropriately. As you know, as you notice in my comments, we classified service providers, telcos as a separate animal, different from traditional enterprise. And so as I pointed out, based on broadband, telcos have been investing, big time service provider, telcos have been investing in a huge manner over the past 12 months. But traditional enterprise, the companies, whether it's the banks, the manufacturing sector, various retail customers and airlines examples, no, these guys are in a recovery mode. And not surprising, we are seeing pandemic easing, like, say, in North America. And as it eases, we see a step up in spending, but we do not see spending spiking up. Now, obviously, if you look at some businesses that require - like warehouses that require Wi-Fi networks, campus networking environment, you do see that improving. But to say across the board, all enterprises are just spending money, not we are still seeing and as I showed that in servers, storage connectivity, we still see a year-on-year things are not up to what it was a year ago. And that applies not just on data centers, namely compute, it also applies to data centers in enterprise, campus environment. We see less of that, but across the board.
Hock Tan: I don’t – I - we don't really try to guide more than one quarter at a time, first of all, because we're not that smart to be able to do that. But on a broader trajectory, it does appear fairly much the trend, as we said which is, the hypercloud guys will go will push out in the second-half as indicated on the data center sign on Tomahawk 4, the 800G platform. They have substantial backlog for delivery in the back-half of the year for Tomahawk 4. So we see that going on. But - and you're right, we see the recovery step-by-step of their enterprise, though I do not see that really taking off enormous in terms of reaching the level it was a year ago, probably until 2022. But what we do not know for sure is would that give pause to hypercloud in their spending. And that part, I'm just putting everything on the table. We're not sure whether hypercloud spending will necessarily continue into 2022. We sense it would, we see some of the backlog. But as enterprise steps up, one really never knows if the economy starts to rebalance in that side. But what we do see in broadband is service providers, the telcos in particular, are for sure upgrading. And here, this is a longer cycle of upgrade, and we see them upgrade. And we see the backlog associated with it through 2022.
Hock Tan: Oh, I just made a comment to say we have stretched our lead time so far, Ross. Good point you bring up, and I'm glad you bring it up to give me a chance to clarify a set of quick comments I made in my opening remarks. We are comfortable at the lead times we are on. And so what it is, is customer, our customers are comfortable seeing our lead time now. But what we have found rather remarkable over the last quarter is that even if our lead times remain stable, consistent, the volume of bookings we receive every week continues to grow. I made that comment and I'm thankful for the opportunity to make that -- to reiterate that point. Sanely time stable for last three months, but the booking rate we are seeing every week continues to step up.
Hock Tan: Great. I'll answer the first and the last, and in between I'm not sure. But on the first, it's we will not put ourselves in the situation nor should anyone do it, because there's also a certain amount you don't know we do not want our customers and I don't think any of our peers want to do that either to buy too hot to create buffers, to buy ahead of what they mean. So, we try to match identify, as I said and go through a process of rigorously understanding through end demand. In other words, we look for drop date quantities as the term is used in industry. And we ship to those drop date quantities and maybe a little more. And what you see today is the true growth rate we are representing. We are not hiding what could have been. There's no what could have been. We're shipping to what we believe with the customers consider is their true real demand. Now having said that, we may be delivering during JIT, just in time, but nonetheless, we do try to fulfill what customer truly want just in the timely basis. And that still continues today, regardless of the size of the backlog we have, where this really in that regard. And from our perspective, the challenges we have in the supply chain is a constant side challenges is to ensure that we get components, whether it's wafers, substrates, getting our products assembled, tested, and any other small components on a timely basis to make sure that we can keep this thing running. And we look at the size of our inventory versus the size of our cost of goods sold, or revenue quarterly, you can see that we run pretty close to just in time through our entire supply chain. And we've been able to do it and sustain that. And so what we're reporting to you like 20% year-on-year growth on semiconductor components is, in our view, a pretty decent reflection what is truly end demand needs out there. All right. Nice question.
Hock Tan: That's a hell of a question. And I'll tell you this, right now, we're in the midst of a very strong demand. And that's also created, perhaps, as we all know about a severe imbalance within demand and supply, as demand as supply works to catch up. But if you look at it long enough, I think the dynamics underlying the fundamental dynamics underlying the semiconductor industry hasn't yet changed. At least I haven't seen it to change. So Tim, that's my best, and that's the best answer I can give you, which is I haven't changed my thinking, even look over the next 10-years, how this industry will behave. Because it is a relatively matured industry, it's evolutionary. Technology is still evolving, which is great for us and it keeps getting better and better. But it's evolving. Disruption, as people like to say, in this industry is less of an event. It's evolutionary, and I have not seen anything that tells me there's a fundamental change.
Hock Tan: Blayne, and the result perhaps repeating ourselves to myself too much from past conversations that I had with you, with all you guys. Our gross margin has this natural trend of continuing to keep expanding year-on-year, not necessary quarter-on-quarter, but sequentially as much as year-on-year, simply because we tend to have a chance to go to a new product, new next generation product across some of our franchise products. And it's a combination of all this.  So the natural growth of expansion of gross margin for our business, especially in the semi side, particularly in the semi side, which I assume your question is related to Blayne is, as I've always said, we have a gross margin expansion range of 50 to 150 basis points year-by-year. And it's an average across our 24, 25 different well, I should take out software just hardware, about 20 or so different product lines, each with a different product lifecycle. And each going with new generation product each time, because as you know, each time we come to a new generation product, we get a lift in margins on product margins, which translates to gross margin. So it's not unusual to see us go to the higher end of the range. And in this particular case, year-on-year is a bit more than a higher end range. And that's probably related to perhaps a separate mix of products in this environment because there are still puts and takes across our product range, not everything is on fire. And based on that we end up with higher than the normal 50 to 150 basis point range. But, I don't think this is something that will go on forever. But you should expect that year-after-year, you will see that 50 to 150 basis point improvement in gross margin on a semiconductor side.
Hock Tan: Alright, let's start with the first one. And if I lost track of the last two you better remind me, Toshiya. But on wireless, you're right. What indicated was Q2 wireless was kind of higher than we had originally planned. And it's all analog related to demand. Of course, it's demand. We will never ship just because we have the product. It is based on demand one thing, and we are happy to fulfill it.  And part of the demand may actually come a bit from Q3. Not sure 100% yet, because this demand comes in short cycles and in May, and perhaps that's why I'm a bit careful about telling you Q3 year-on-year improvement is still 30% plus year-on-year growth. I'm not saying 40 plus, but we don't know for sure, except we know that we do pull in some from Q3 to Q2 not much. And that allows Q2 to perform 48% year-on-year growth which is great, but Q3 will still be pretty good year-on-year as we fully expect. And related to content and all that, I prefer at this point in this sensitive arena with a highly sensitive situation to not answer that question at all. No offense, please. But I can't answer that question. But I'll be happy to take the third question, which is, yeah, we have cost inflation in this environment, where as we all know, the semiconductor supply chain is under severe constraints on its ability to provide. Now whether we are very large, we are very, very large customer and a very loyal customer to many of our suppliers of our key components. And so we believe we are treated very well. Having said that, where prices are concerned, of course, not. We see cost inflation. And in this environment, we are very, very open to talking to our customers who are in turn very open to being able to address costs, inflationary costs, cost pressure in a higher purchase price on your site. So we're good, which is why our margin have been stable.
Hock Tan: Okay. My frank opinion, I don't know, they shouldn't be. Sane question that was asked is, do I think the semiconductor industry over the next 10, 20-years will grow any faster or slower. And my view is, no, I don't think, I don't see any fundamental things that have changed. See, while we're in the flick of this storm, so to speak, of course, all hell breaks loose as the expression goes. But these are cycles we all have seen many times in the semiconductor industry. And maybe this is a bit extreme in the context of the pandemic, over the course of 2020, now extending partly into 2021. But, the supply will stable at some point. And demand is always there, because people need technology, people need the performance, need the technology that we all offer in the products we provide. And we'll be competing the same way we have been competing. And it's not necessarily related to creating long-term agreements or any such thing. It's about being able to provide the best technology, the best product in a timely manner for your customers. And it doesn't matter that you do any agreements. If at the end of the day, you like the technology or you like the products that customers need to make themselves successful, or to be able to deploy in a very well in a good manner. And that has always been the semiconductor industry. And then there I do not see anything that changes that. Now, putting long-term agreements might make life easier, but I think it's just a myth. We still have to establish ourselves that we can outperform our engineer the competition.
Hock Tan: Well, not directly, if there's such a big overhang sitting out there, not directly because, our wireless business, our wireless product, as we have fully articulated pretty much sells to two large customers largely. We're talking about handset. We do not sell much, if any, to the handset guys, OEMs that is in China. And we sell to two big customers, one in North America, one in Korea, and these are very high-end flagship status phones. And now there could be indirect blowback and then I do recognize in certain markets, if there is an excess of inventory that needs to be just thrown out there. But on the other side on a direct basis, we do not expect to see anything.
