Scott McGregor: Good afternoon. Thanks for joining us today. Broadcom executed particularly well in the September quarter, with cutting-edge products and strong financial discipline resulting in revenue and earnings above the high end of our expectations. Broadcom's quarterly total revenue of $1.8 billion reached record levels, as well as new highs in each of our business segments. On a product revenue basis, this is up 13% sequentially and over 46% from the solid sales growth quarter one year ago. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was led by strength in our Mobile and Wireless and Broadband businesses, which were up 27% and 6%, respectively. The above seasonal revenue growth was driven by new product ramps as more consumer electronic devices are connecting to the Internet and connecting with each other. We're particularly pleased to reach our GAAP product target operating model as both our Q3 and nine-month results delivered dramatic expansions in operating margin. As a result of our surge in profitability, we had exceptional cash flow from operations that surpassed 25% of revenue. This achievement resulted in Broadcom's cash and marketable securities position, increasing approximately $425 million to $2.9 billion. Broadcom is focused on the most innovative technologies related to connectivity, bandwidth and content. Our products are in the strongest growth market of the semiconductor industry in wired and wireless communications. We're clearly benefiting from product leadership and the consumer's increasing demand for data in the home, on the go and at work. Broadcom's focus remains to create outstanding communications and connectivity products to enable us to grow our market share, while maintaining strong profitability. I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the third quarter financial results and our fourth quarter guidance.
Scott McGregor: Harlan, I think that's a good point you raise. We're certainly seeing a rollout of DOCSIS 3.0 and we believe that, that's going to continue over the next couple of years. People are just really trying to compete across the different carriers, the satellite guys competing with the cable guys and so forth. He's trying to get their bandwidth much higher, and so the DOCSIS rollout is particularly important for the cable guys. We're also seeing a substantial growth in the HD satellite capacity in terms of driving a lot of new channels and a lot of new capabilities there as well. And then I think you're going to see IPTV continue to be a growing force in that market going forward, and we participate in all of those segments.
Scott McGregor: Well, let me answer your question sort of in a reverse order. We don't guide yet for 2011. But I do believe that switching is going to be a good growth driver overall for our business over the next two years, and for the trend I mentioned, which is the 10 gig. The Trident chip is an exceptional chip. It's the most complex, the most integrated switch chip that's out there since 40-nanometer, 64 ports, it's a great chip. We've seen very broad customer adoption of that chip and I think it's going to be a winner for us. Regarding your question on inventory, it's possible people build up some inventory at the earlier part of this year and have bled it off. I don't believe there's a lot of inventory out there in the channel. You can always have pockets of it and so forth. But I think overall, we're seeing a pretty clean channel on that.
Scott McGregor: I think the supply for wafers remains relatively tight, it's probably soften up a little bit in the last quarter or two. 65-nanometer in particular remains tight though, above the other process nodes. So we're still seeing a fair amount of congestion there. We are able to deliver parts to customers who order them from us within lead times, so we're able to get those products to customers. The only challenge we have is that they have upside in shorter than lead time where we have to scramble and expedite, and that's more challenging for us. In terms of our own customers, I think our own customers are probably placing with slightly shorter lead times now than they were maybe a month or two ago. I think as the capacity crunches, ease a little bit in the industry, it's led to moving more towards normal. But I would still say lead times on average are above what I would consider normal in the industry right now.
Scott McGregor: We don't quote specific numbers on that but to give you a little sense of that, we had a newer customer in our Baseband business, have a significant ramp in 2G. And so, that pushed the mix a little bit more towards 2G. And I would expect over the course of the next few quarters, the ramp in that customer to emphasize 2G a bit. But over the course of next year, I'd expect it to start moving more towards 3G and certainly, 2012 is going to be a much stronger emphasis on 3G. So that's probably how they'll mix over the next, say, six or eight quarters.
Scott McGregor: I don't think that acquisition changes our opportunities at all. We're really focused on creating SoC to integrate baseband and application processors. In fact, every baseband we ship includes an application processors in the SoC. So we see an integrated SoC solution for cellular phones. And actually, we think of the more as the device you carry in your hand rather than a phone per se, and we're moving in that direction. So we don't see that affecting our opportunities and in fact, even could help us a little bit with some disruption in the customer base.
Scott McGregor: Your comments on specific competitors or customers in the baseband area. But we just observed that we have a slightly different strategy than many, which is to integrate the broad breadth of Broadcom's Communication portfolio into SOCs that we offer into handsets, which really start to expand both our baseband and combo strategies. And we don't particularly think of it as a baseband market, we think of it as the cellular SoC market for those portable devices, which allows us to access the tablet market and various other kinds of portable devices I think you'll see coming out. In terms of new customers, we don't announce those before they do come out. But I can say, I do feel good about our Cellular business as being a significant growth driver for next year. In fact, on a percentage basis, probably the highest, on a magnitude basis is pretty high as well. So we're feeling good about that business going forward. In the combo chips space, I think what competitors have learned the hard way is that it's one thing to create a physical device that has all of the elements of a combo chip in it. It's a completely another thing to have them all be of first-rate quality and to get them all to work at the same time. We've had a number of customers who have a number of competitors who brag about how many different elements they've incorporated into a combo chip and yet when the customer gets it, they find that it's great but you can only use one of them at a time. And the integration of those and especially the coexistence of all those components is particularly difficult and that something, I think, we excel at and the reason we've gotten very, very strong support across a wide range of industry, it's for our combo chips and why that business has done so well.
Scott McGregor: I think we're getting into different innings depending on what component you're looking at. I think Bluetooth is pretty far into the game at this point, and so I would expect that the attach rate would not rise dramatically for Bluetooth. I think we'll see Bluetooth penetrating the consumer electronic devices and move into other spaces. And I think with some of the Bluetooth low energy and some of the newer technologies coming in the Bluetooth space, I think there's an opportunity to continue to grow. Wireless LAN is, boy, I'm trying to pick of the right World Series analogy here but base is loaded and we've got our batters up on that one. I think that's a really strong play. And the thing that's driving that in particular is the increasing attach rate into the portable devices. I think a lot of the carriers have found that they've got congestion in their networks and so they're now, instead of being against wireless LAN because it took airtime minutes, they are now praying that people with their tablets and smartphones will do their Internet browsing and movie watching over the wireless LAN and not over their 3G network. So that's a big driver of that and I think wireless LAN penetration is going to move down into the feature phone space and that represents potential hundreds of millions of additional devices per year and Broadcom stands to get a good share of that. There's a lot of new technologies coming out. GPS, we've certainly seen very strong growth in that. I think as that hits higher attach rate, that's more early innings for us and then there's some technologies like NFC, we just acquired a technology, that technology a company called Innovision in the U.K. Great team, great technology and that sort of just at the top of the first for NFC, so there's a good potential there. And part of our strategy at Broadcom is to continuously look for not only new components to add to the different combo chips but to look at opportunities to rev the technology within each one of them. Wireless LAN in particular is going through a lot of very interesting phases right now. We have everything from one by one end technology to some of the new technologies, AC, which gives you channel bonding and dramatically increases the bandwidth and a variety of other things that will be coming out in that space. So it's a very fertile area. I'd say overall for combos as a set, it's a tremendous opportunity. We're in early stage of the innings. But hopefully, that was helpful, to give a little color on where each of the components are.
Scott McGregor: We don't break those out specifically. I apologize. We do comment a bit though. We did say that, for example, GPS doubled sequentially and we said, the wireless LAN was north of 20%. So those are two numbers that, we also highlighted, cellular as one of the significant growth areas as well. So I hope that helps you get a good sense of that. I think as a comment I made earlier is that cellular should be a dramatic growth driver for us over the next four or five quarters. I think that business is getting good traction now with the two customers we've announced already, and we hope at some point to add additional customers.
Scott McGregor: Broadcom has been working on a variety of 4G technologies prior to our acquisition of Beceem, but Beceem adds a lot of value in a number of ways. First of all, it brings a really excellent engineering team. And that's one of the things we look at whenever we do an acquisition, is it really Broadcom quality engineers that we'll be adding and we feel very good about that team and their ability to execute. It brings us a WiMax business, which certainly gives us access to many new customers and many new opportunities there. So not only to be able to benefit from the WiMax business itself but to be able to offer all of the other technologies we have to those existing customers in that space. And then very importantly, it also give us a stronger team going forward on the LTE side of 4G, which enables us to get to market more quickly with our LTE solutions in the 3GP space. And so we believe that's a multi-fold advantage for us and that's the basis for the acquisition.
Scott McGregor: Yes, that's a wireless LAN across our all of our segment's markets and various ways it gets to market through combo chips or discrete chips.
Scott McGregor: They trade around a little bit. I think we'll see China and North America go at different paces. China tends to be more tender driven and surge. North America tends to be more competitive driven and who's running specials to get new subscribers. I think China is beginning to pick up again a little bit. China is interesting because we see the revenue in multiple phases. There will certainly be deployments where they'll go into relatively large cities and regions and deploy additional boxes. And then, we'll see the bandwidth surge requirement there, where we'll get the switches, we'll get follow-on consumer devices as people add devices in their home to take advantage of the new bandwidth they have, either consumer electronic devices or other networking devices. So it tends to smooth it out a little bit versus some of our customers who might be selling a specific box. We have certainly [ph] a broader position in that space. I'm pretty bullish about China going forward, that market seems to be quite hot and likely to continue. And the competitive situation between the different broadband providers in the United States also means that there's going to be a lot of competition, a lot of innovation in products, which is good for us.
Scott McGregor: One of the things at Broadcom that we do is we don't announce products until they're in the market, so I can't share with you when we'll have an LTE product. But we have said previously we are working on them. I think to put it in perspective, LTE is going to be mostly a data card market for the foreseeable next few years. That's where it makes the most sense because of the bandwidth, it's probably not going to go into volume cell phone simply because of the power consumption. And it doesn't make voice calls any better when you have very high bandwidth connectivity. It's really a data advantage to have that high bandwidth. And that's makes more sense in laptops and tablets and other things where you'll see a data card either sold separately or integrated onto the motherboard.
Scott McGregor: I think we said it would be modestly up in Q4. So a little stronger than flat to up. But no, we don't break out particular segments there.
Scott McGregor: Thanks for bring up Analyst Day. That really is where we go into depth in terms of the underlying drivers in our business. But I think some of the things that we see as growth drivers next year, in the broadband space, I would say things like our Consumer Electronics business and DTV overall moving up. I think there's opportunity there in terms of market share opportunity. In the cellular space, definitely, some growth opportunities there for both multimedia, as well as the basebands and related chips. And then I think the wireless combo chips still definitely going strong there and opportunity for growth and I think GPS will be a very high percentage growth driver as well. So that's sort of a quick preview on growth drivers for 2011.
Scott McGregor: The NFC is a broadly applicable technology. I think we'll use it for a number of things. One thing I think it's very useful for is for pairing Bluetooth, pairing wireless LAN, making it easy to connect devices by bringing them close to each other, having them pair automatically and it's just so much more fun than exchanging Web piece [ph] and doing the normal Bluetooth pairing protocols. We'll also use it for commerce. We have a number of customers interested in that space and there are couple of other interesting applications we'll announce over time.
Scott McGregor: I think tablets are going to find some very interesting positions in the market and definitely will cannibalize the netbook market. They're a better form factor, there's just some really interesting innovation going on in tablets. I just see the tablet market fragmenting into a number of different areas. I think we'll see the netbook replacement tablet as one market and that certainly, there off to a very strong start there especially with one customer there. I also believe that you're going to see special-purpose or carrier versions of tablets that make sense to either fill a niche need whether it's a book reader or a media reader or a remote control device. A great example, we're working with a carrier in Japan and shipping today a tablet that they give away for free when you order a triple play from them. So if you call them up and you say, I'd like to order Internet service with TV service and phone service, they give you a free tablet and a little bit like the old way banks used to give you a toaster when you open an account but a little more interesting because this is a pretty full-featured tablet, this has touch display, HD capable display, wireless LAN, the ability to see movies and browse the Internet and kinds of things. And our solution has enabled the total bill of materials for that device to be $100 or less, and that's a 7-inch tablet. We're also working with some folks on some larger tablets and we believe it's going to be just a very interesting innovation market. My guess is that there will be hundreds of tablets solutions introduced over the next year or two, probably many fewer will find a success for the companies that launched them. But I do believe the market overall is going to be interesting. And we participate very broadly. Broadcom has a lot of capabilities in conductivity, in basebands, application processors, Power Management, NFC, VoIP, and all those different technologies that enable us to produce very competitive solutions for tablets.
Scott McGregor: So today, I believe GPON will be of interest in the United States and Europe. I think EPON is a little more popular in Asia and it will be interesting to see how those technologies move over time and which one wins. As usual, Broadcom has taken an agnostic approach on this and we have both GPON solutions and EPON solutions and various other PON solutions and so we believe we'll participate in the market whichever direction it goes there. But GPON initially, I think we'll see primary success in Europe and the United States.
Scott McGregor: I think we're absolutely getting there. We're shipping a number of smartphones today that are 2G based and when people look at smartphones, I &A defined a smartphone as a phone that's capable of Internet browsing and multimedia, taking pictures, push and pull content, those kind of things define a smartphone for me probably wireless LAN in the device and we see those both as 2G and 3G dominating that today. In the United States, they're going to tend to be more 3G and high-end devices with faster application processors and other things. In the rest of the world, people are looking for cost-effective smartphones and smartphones that they can buy at a more affordable price and so the volume market, I think, is going to be in the smart feature phones, low end smartphone space and that's at the sweet spot of our high end 2G integrated SoCs, as well as the 3G products that we have. Our 3G products are moving up more into the higher end space. But I think that's going quite well. Don't be confused, one of our large customers that started to ramp is primarily shipping 2G devices and so that may be skewing a little bit. But over the next few years, I expect us to really see a lot of great smartphone solutions and those are shipping today. I believe the launch of Android will also create a whole new tier of cost-effective smartphones, that's a market we're very suitable for in our products.
Scott McGregor: That certainly something we've looked at and discussed. Broadcom is really a very strong processor company, we probably ship more arm and mix processors than almost other companies, maybe more than anyone else. We view it more as an opportunity to create an SoC and so I mentioned before that with our baseband solutions, we include application processors with each of them and we'll certainly ratchet up the performance dramatically there. I'd say maybe in the past, we were maybe not as aggressive in terms of pushing the CPU speed on those. But there's no reason we can;t do that going forward. And so, will we do standalone? Yes, that's a possibility. Our primary strategy is to look at SoC solutions, we could certainly do a standalone. And again, our philosophy is we'll announce those products when they're available in the market. So I can;t give you more color than that but we certainly have the capability to do either or both.
Scott McGregor: In closing, I'd like to leave you with a few thoughts. Broadcom really had an excellent Q3. We've grown faster than the industry with market share gains in both our core and emerging businesses. We've significantly improved our operating profitability to achieve our GAAP product financial model and return to capital shareholders. We're looking forward to additional market share expansion and strong financial performance in the December quarter. And finally as a reminder, we'll be hosting our 2010 Analyst Day event in Irvine on December 14. If you need any additional details on this event, please give Chris or John a call. With that, thank you very much and have good day.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. Moving to the financial overview. Total revenue was a $1.8 billion including $1.75 billion in product revenue. Q3 total net revenue was up 44% from prior year and 13% from Q2 levels. Total gross margin for Q3 was 51.7%. Product gross margin in Q3 was 50.1% versus 50.8% in Q2, down 70 basis points sequentially. Q3 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expense was $593 million compared to $565 million in Q2 of 2010. GAAP earnings per share for Q3 were $0.60 compared to first call consensus of $0.55. Q3 GAAP product operating margin was 15.8%. Cash flow from operations for Q3 was a record $456 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was up to approximately $2.9 billion at the end of the quarter. Moving to revenue and gross margin. During July conference call, we said we expected Q3 total net revenue to be between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion. Total revenue exceeded the high end of our range at $1.806 billion, up 13% from Q2. In the Mobile and Wireless segment, solutions for the hand, we experienced significant revenue increase of approximately 27% compared to Q2, driven primarily by strength in wireless combo chips, GPS and the ramp of our cellular solutions. Our Broadband Communications segment solutions for the home was up almost 6% sequentially from Q2. This resulted from an increase in demand for digital set-top boxes and broadband access equipment. Our Infrastructure and Networking segment solutions for infrastructure grew slightly at 1% above Q2 as anticipated. Our Q3 GAAP product gross margin decreased 70 basis points to 50.1%, down from 50.8% in Q2. This decrease was primarily due to excess and obsolete reserves taken in the quarter. Moving to operating expenses. R&D and SG&A expenses for Q3 were up $29 billion from Q2 levels versus our guidance of up $25 million to $35 million. The increase was primarily related to an approximately $20 million increase in development, design and math cost, as well as increases in employee costs. Stock-based compensation was 6.3% of net revenue, down around 100 basis points from Q2 and 400 basis points from Q3 a year ago. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, total cash and marketable securities were $2.9 billion, which is a record high. Our inventory turns improved to 6.5x, up from 6.2x in Q2 of 2010. Despite this improvement, our turns remain below our long-term target due to timing fluctuations and the new product ramp of select cellular base band and mobile multimedia products. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was up slightly to 40 days in Q3. Moving to expectations. We currently expect net revenue in Q4 to be flat to up $100 million or approximately $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion. We anticipate our Broadband segment to have modest sequential growth and the Mobile and Wireless segment to be up over last quarter, and the Infrastructure Networking segment to be roughly flat. We expect Q4 product gross margin to remain roughly flat to Q3. With respect to R&D and SG&A expenses in Q4, we expect these expenses to increase by $20 million to $30 million, of which about half relates to increases in legal spending as the options related derivative case prepares for trial in Q1. It is our hope that once this trial concludes, we will be able to sunset our spending on this issue. Please note, Q4 guidance does not include the impact of our acquisitions of Beceem and Percello, which are expected to close either in Q4 of 2010 or Q1 of 2011. Finally, we are very pleased to report 15.8% GAAP product operating margin for Q3, within our goal of 15% to 17% product operating margin, about one year ahead of the plan we discussed on Analyst Day last year. This was achieved with stock-based compensation still running about 100 basis points above our long-term target. In addition, consistent with the guidance we've provided today, we believe we will be within the GAAP product operating margin goal for Q4 as well. And now, I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Eric Brandt: Yes, Mark. Actually, our E&O calculation is 90% mechanical. So as we have built inventories across the year and demand shifts across individual parts, you would naturally see that over a period of time. And so, mechanically, what we saw is that as things shifted around on parts and wafers that we had ordered a quarter ago, we take reserves because the demand is different in chips for other parts. Do I think that it ultimately will be spoiled inventory? The answer to that is probably not, but it's a mechanical accounting based calculation.
Eric Brandt: As I mentioned, it's a bit of a mechanical calculation, so it's hard to predict. E&O hit gross margin this quarter about 100 basis points. Normally, Q3, we've actually just run some statistical analysis. Normally, Q3 has our high consumer quarters. You've heard us qualitatively comment that seasonally, we tend to be a little bit weaker in Q3 and Q4. And based on the data we were just looking at for the last couple of days, we're about 40 to 50 basis points usually lighter in gross margin in Q3 and Q4 given the mix. In terms of E&O moving forward again, depending on the relative demand levels and the shift in the mix relative to the wafers we purchased three months ago, you would -- that would drive the E&O calculation to the extent that we hit the demand numbers we project and the mix doesn't shift substantially, E&O should flatten out again.
Eric Brandt: So, Glenn, as you read in the press release, it's is under rule 144A, so it's a private placement and I cannot comment anything beyond what is in that press release. However, what I would say generally as it relates to the company, in terms of the company's capital strategy. As you seen and you'll see actually a paragraph or sentence to this effect in our 10-Q, which says basically, to the extent that rates in the market are very low. We might opportunistically like many other companies, take advantage of cost of capital arbitrage and bring in some additional cash into the U.S., which has a fair amount of flexibility. I think as a company, it doesn't alter, it doesn't signal change in our company strategy.
Eric Brandt: So, Adam, actually what we do is we do a weighted average that we actually compare broadband against the broadband segment multiplied by its mix of business. ING against this segment multiplied by its mix of business, et cetera. So that we don't get distortions around the fact that one business might be growing and other business are not growing. And the objective of outgrowing the market are central to every one of the businesses that Broadcom participates in. And the key question we discussed in our strategic offsite and our budget planning meetings and also becomes the basis by which not just the corporate bonus the board has allocated but how Scott allocates the individual bonuses to each of the business units. So we measure our growth rate against the segments we're in. Now, having said that, I think if you look at the market over the last 10 years or so, communications, semiconductors have outgrown the broader semiconductor market probably eight of the last 10 years and for many of the reasons that Scott has been talking about. And being as firmly supplanted in that part of the market, we expect to both ride that wave and gain market share in the individual businesses, such that we do outgrow our markets by a target of, actually our target is 40% faster than our target markets.
Eric Brandt: Craig, as you can see this year, we have been pretty active on the M&A front and pretty much right in our sweet spot with the acquisition of Teknovus at the beginning of the year followed by Innovision, followed by our announcement of Beceem and Percello. We continue to look for opportunities to enhance our technology portfolio in ways where we can integrate technologies into broader SoCs and essentially, compete or weigh pockets and devices, which has been our strategy and I would say, that remains our first priority for our cash. I think secondarily, if our cash continues to build much beyond what it is, we would entertain other forms of returning cash. Certainly, with -- considering taking debt, we will maintain a very conservative financial policy. But I would say, we are now a dividend payer. We're considering raising our dividend although that's a small amount of cash and we would also consider buybacks but we do buybacks as you know, consistent with what we issue over the course of the year.
Eric Brandt: Funny question, John, because having followed us for a while, what a difference a year or two makes, right? Because a year ago, everybody was saying, will you ever make money in Mobile and Wireless. And today, if you read the Q, you'll see that our Mobile and Wireless segment had operating margins in excess of 20%. From an ING perspective, I think that's, that we're in the range maybe even a little bit high. In the Broadband segment at around 21%, that's probably in the range as well. And for those of you, who used the non-GAAP numbers, that's about 23 and change percent operating margin for the company, which is above our long-term target. So I don't think that we intend to squeeze our margins further. I think given the increasing R&D intensity, the importance of IP and SoCs would be to drive our competitive advantage in the products we produce and press our advantage by increasing our footprint in this space.
Eric Brandt: So, Tim, on seasonality, we look at a mix of adjusted seasonality just for our business generally speaking. Q4 is usually about flat maybe up a point, you'll see we guided to flat up five and change, so better than seasonal in Q4. Q1 is typically seasonally down as the consumer market sort of recover from the holiday season, typically 4.5% to 5.5%. And then Q2 and Q3 tend to be our strong sequential growth quarters of up 7% to 9%. It's hard to call seasonality for next year, but that's typically what we see on a mix-adjusted basis. In terms of OpEx, I think you'll see that we've been driving significant leverage as Scott mentioned through the P&L, over 1,000 basis points year-on-year on a GAAP basis. And I think what you'll see now is us move to a more, probably, more in line OpEx and revenue growth profile as we try to manage our business within the targeted operating model. Obviously challenging in a cyclical business, but that's something we're going to focus on trying to do.
Eric Brandt: David, I would use the tax rate that you see in our financial. I mean, we typically book tax rate that run 3%, 4% GAAP tax rate. It varies because our cash tax tends to be relatively constant in the sort of $8 million, $9 million, $10 million range per year and so as our revenue grows, the tax rate's been drifting down. But I would just use whatever you see in the GAAP tax rate at this point.
Eric Brandt: So on the legal spending, the trial is scheduled for February of next year. I suspect that it will grow this quarter and into next quarter as the various teams go to trial. It's an odd trial, a derivative trial, an odd trial in the sense that we are paying the litigation expenses for the defendants. But should there be adjustment the other way, the money comes back to the company. But I expect it will peak in Q1, assuming the trial ends in Q1 and it's done. In terms of cash mix, in the Q, you'll see about 55% of our cash is onshore. If you sort of adjust for inter-company receivables, that would actually be closer to 60% onshore.
Eric Brandt: So, in the press release, we said excluding the effect of purchase accounting, we think it's about neutral to our P&L next year. No changes to that since we issued the press release.
Eric Brandt: So, what last quarter, it certainly was more of the build in advance of the ramp. This quarter was less of that, more of a mix across different businesses. If you look at our business turn, it's interesting although this isn't a GAAP measure, it's a non-GAAP measure. Two of our businesses are already operating in our targeted range of seven to eight turns. And two of them are not, one of them obviously being the cellular based product and the other being the ING business, which typically operates slightly below the range. Our hope is that these things will improve. Certainly, as you're dealing with tight supply and queuing times, making sure that you have sufficient supply longer out does create some variation in terms of what actually is in the demand pattern. and I suspect that will even out, whether that evens out exactly in Q4 or more into Q1, I can't exactly say, but it should even out over the next six months.
Eric Brandt: The bigger segments though are the broadband modems and the set-top boxes, which typically would drive that growth rate and pull that up.
Eric Brandt: It's about 100 basis points and we were down 70 basis points, so net-net, yes, it would've been up slightly.
