T. Andrew: Thank you very much, Christine. During this call, we'll discuss some factors that are likely to influence our business going forward. These forward-looking statements include guidance we'll provide on future revenue, gross margin and operating expense targets for the third quarter of 2010 and any other future periods, as well as statements about the prospects for our various businesses, potential market share and the development status and planned availability of new products. You should note that the guidance we provide today is based upon forecasts that require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions using the information that is available to us at this time. It should be clearly understood that our actual performance and financial results may differ substantially from our forecasts and the other forward-looking statements we make today. Specific factors that may affect our business and future results, including among other things, general economic conditions, are discussed in the Risk Factors section of our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. A partial list of these important risk factors is set forth at the end of today's earnings press release. As always, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement except as required by law. Please refer to the Investors section of our website for additional historical, financial and statistical information, including the information required by SEC Regulation G. In addition, we have placed a slide deck, which is available now in the Investor Relations section of our website, that is on the right-hand side of the page under Q2 2010 Earnings Information. For increased transparency, we've incorporated additional tables, information regarding our future guidance, historical performance and segment operating income. With that, now let me turn the call over to Scott.
T. Andrew: This is Peter. One other little data point there is also if you look over the last couple quarters, we've been rather vocal in terms of how the service providers switching segments has been a nice driver for us. And the second quarter is really the Enterprise Business was looking up quite nicely for us.
T. Andrew: Yes, so, Mark, the quick and dirty I think that you're looking for so we had growth on the Networking, the PC and the Embedded segments. So growth in all three of the major segments for our Wi-Fi business.
T. Andrew: I think in the third quarter, we are looking for the revenue mix to stay roughly about the same as it was in Q2.
Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom continues to excel in both product leadership and financial discipline and we've performed particularly well in the June quarter, with better revenue and earnings than we originally anticipated, driven by upside demand in several of our largest businesses. Broadcom's quarterly total revenue of $1.6 billion and product revenue of $1.55 billion reached record levels. This is up more than 10% sequentially and over 60% from the strong sales growth quarter one year ago. Sequential revenue growth in the quarter was led by strength in our Broadband and Mobile & Wireless businesses, which were up 15% and 14% respectively. Our engineering investment in these areas over the last several years have enabled us to field an exceptionally strong product portfolio and we're now growing our market share. As a result of our solid cash flow from operations, Broadcom's cash position increased approximately $135 million sequentially to $2.5 billion, even after repurchasing over $120 million in stock and paying dividends of $40 million.  Broadcom is in the fast-growing wired and wireless communications markets, with cutting-edge solutions for a growing number of connected users who are demanding more content and bandwidth. Broadcom excels at silicon integration and our focus remains creating outstanding communication and connectivity products that enable us to grow our market share. We've also been extremely successful in generating profitable growth as both our Q2 and first half results delivered significant expansion in operating margin. Our outlook for Q3 indicates a continuation of this strong momentum going forward.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the second quarter financial results and our third quarter guidance.
Scott McGregor: All we can do is provide you one quarter's worth of guidance and I think if you plug in the numbers that we gave you, you can see that, overall, for the corporation our margins will expand, Q2 to Q3.
Scott McGregor: We're not seeing particular inventory in the various customers or channels that we look at. We've seen, generally, customers, we believe, are shipping what we ship them. We're not seeing any unusual situations in inventory.
Scott McGregor: We're seeing good design win traction. In Q2, we saw a little bit of softness, which we attribute to some shift between different models. We do expect to see a significant pick up in that business in the current quarter, though. So we'll see growth there. In terms of mix between 2G and 3G, in one of our large customers, we're shipping both 2G and 3G today, and we do see a mix towards 3G going forward there. One of our other large customers is still 100% 2G, though, and they're growing quickly and ramping. So probably, overall, you'll see an initial mix more towards 2G in the near term and then as 3G comes on in that second large customer and has 3G continues to pick up in the first large customer, we'll definitely shift more towards 3G.
Scott McGregor: You need to put in perspective that we've seen an approximately 80% year-on-year growth in the Enterprise Networking business. So very, very strong growth over the last four quarters in that business. We see it consolidating at a pretty high level. In general, we're seeing very strong demand for things like switches, just a lot of people running out of capacity, a lot of new broadband deployments. So a lot of the broadband deployment we're seeing in our broadband business will translate into more capacity demand and we'll see that down the road in terms of driving more towards our Network Infrastructure business. It's interesting, something like 1 billion people in the last year or so have gotten an e-mail address for the first time, whether it's on a mobile device or a broadband platform at home. And all of those guys are going to start surfing the Internet. They're going to start downloading video content. And generally, we see after large increases in broadband, it's usually followed by an increase in infrastructure as people put the infrastructure in place. We're also seeing good traction from our Dune business. Excellent products in that space. Just tremendous ability to switch large numbers of ports at line speed, and we think that'll be very interesting for the end-of-row model. You think of the blades, the top of the rack and the end of the row. When you create these very large data centers, the end-of-the-row performance is really what drives the whole data center performance. And we've got, we think, the best products in the world in that space and so that should be a good driver going forward as we get the large cloud data centers deployed.
Scott McGregor: The balance between smartphones and tablet, smartphones is just by far the larger volume by an order of magnitude. And so we see that there. We see tablets, obviously, as one of the fastest-growing areas. But as we see smartphones becoming a larger and larger percentage, and things like Bluetooth, which is now probably 60% or so penetrated into phones overall, and not just smartphones, we see wireless LAN probably approaching the same kind of penetration that Bluetooth has now over the next couple of years. And that represents a tremendous growth opportunity for wireless LAN. It'll be interesting to see how tablets develop and how rapidly that grows, how rapidly tablets cannibalize laptops or not. So there'll be some trends there. But in any case, our combo products are very well suited to that. You have to have competitors. We've been expecting competitors to show up in the combo space for years now, frankly, and we're still not seeing them drawing a lot of volume. I think, reflecting on two things. One is it's very hard to get a lot of radios working in one chip, number one. Number two, you can create a combo chip, but unless you have best-in-class components for all the components of a combo chip, if one of them is weak, then the combo chip itself isn't any good. And Broadcom has best-in-class in all the different areas. And the third point is we're now going on our third and fourth-generation combo chips. A lot of our competitors are still trying to get their first generation to work. So we believe we've got a significant lead there, and you'll see us pick up other technologies and look at ways to increase the value to our customers by adding additional components to those combo chips going forward.
Scott McGregor: We see a very tight situation in wafer supply, particularly in 65-nanometer, which is the bulk of our wafers which we procure. That being said, I think Broadcom has both done a good job working with multiple suppliers and creating a diversified supply base for our parts, and also our supply partners have really helped us out a lot. That being said, things are really tight and we're going to need to continue to work on that. You can see we've got very high growth rates over the course of this year; a challenge for us and our suppliers. That being said, today, any customer that orders within our given lead times will get product, and we've been able to deliver on those. Where we have challenge is where customer have upside on shorter notice. And because of the tightness in supply, there's not a lot of room for error and it's difficult to do what you would normally do, which is beat your lead times dramatically and get parts to them in a fraction of the normal time. The ability to maneuver and do that is difficult and so that's where the challenge is. But in general, where customers are giving us requested lead times on parts, we can get them basically all the parts we need. And on that basis, we believe we can grow strongly throughout the rest of this year.
Scott McGregor: That's a tough question. Folks like Broadcom are giving them a hard time because we're growing faster than they can add capacity in some areas. The foundry partners we work with are adding capacity at some point, that will come online and ease things. We will also begin migrating over to 40-nanometer and not just 65-nanometer. So there are a lot of factors there. Also depends on the economy and what some of our competitors do in terms of the overall wafer supply. So in summary, I don't think I can give you a good forecast there, but again, while things are very tight, we are working with our supply partners and I think we'll be able to procure the wafers we need to fuel our growth going forward.
Scott McGregor: So just a number of questions there. Let me try and a hit on them and I think Peter will probably try and give you a sense of the total split between wireless LAN and combo chips. In general, in wireless LAN, we believe we're taking share pretty much across all the different segments; everything from access points to handsets to all the consumer electronics, all the different markets we play in there. And again, driven by just really an exceptional product portfolio. The wireless LAN team have done a great job, I think building really competitive products in that space. Combo chips, in particular, offer our customers a real advantage in terms of space, power consumption. And something really important, which is the interoperability of the radios all running at the same time. They coordinate and even do fairly sophisticated things like allow streaming packets to go through and hold up the nonessential ones. In GPS, we see, we came from a relatively small share there, but our GPS products, we believe, are absolutely top notch. We offer them both in standalone configurations, as well as in combo chips. We have a Bluetooth GPS combo chip that's very attractive right now. There a lot of cell phones out there that both have Bluetooth for connectivity and headsets and GPS for the various government-mandated location programs. And so we think that's a perfect chip for phones that want to hit that market and they can use wireless LAN as an optional add-on to a design there. So definite strength in our GPS business in terms of just performance of the technology.
Scott McGregor: Tim, it's Eric. As you recall, we came out of Q1 given how strong relative to seasonal it was, in terms of it being multiple points better than seasonal. We were cautious about the seasonality going through the rest of the year. It looks like coming through Q2 and Q3, we are seeing, in fact, mix-adjusted seasonal-like growth. So Q2 sort of in the 9% range and Q3 at the midpoint of guidance is sort of 8%-9% range as well. In terms of Q4, we don't provide guidance. Normally, Q4 would be about flat relative to Q3. But surprisingly, we are seeing a more seasonal pattern this year on the back of a much stronger Q1 than we would normally see seasonally.
Scott McGregor: I think the key message to take from that is we do expect the Cellular Baseband business to ramp in the third quarter significantly. We also expect our multimedia business to ramp as well in this current quarter. I think that's the key takeaway.
Scott McGregor: I think disaggregation or the selling of separate chips for each of the different pieces in the cell phone is a factor in two areas. One is at the very high end of the market, where because of power or size or newness of the chips out there, you just do better with having separate chips, or where the technology is evolving very rapidly. Because basebands take along time to qualify, if you've got a something that's evolving a lot faster than a baseband, you don't want to incorporate it in, otherwise you'll end up shipping old technology by the time the baseband gets qualified. I think the long-term trend in this space is inevitably integration. You'll see integration of basebands and application processors and connectivity and power management and radios. It's just makes a lot of sense for cost reasons. There will always be a component of the business, generally, at the high end where it is less integrated. Broadcom is ideally suited for all of those different spaces. We have all the different separate pieces as well as the ability to integrate. A lot of our competitors are great niche players in one of the components or several of the components of the cell phone. Our strategy is really different. We've created a strategy to have all the different components from the cell phone, and we'll do whatever the customer wants. If they want them integrated, we're one of the only guys who can do that.If they want them separate, we can do that too.
Scott McGregor: I can't comment on particular customers. But in general, we see a separate video processor right now as being important, because it uses dramatically less power and provides more capability than a lot of the standalone processors, which -- a general-purpose processor is not a very good graphics processor. It's not a very good video processor for streaming, so it consequently uses a lot more power. Over time, the general-purpose processors will certainly be able to do that and will certainly absorb some part of the market. We see video processing and multimedia. Think about instead of the capability, and that capability is going to be integrated into basebands and other kinds of things. Not everybody wants to have a car battery attached to their smartphone just so they can watch a movie. Not everybody wants to pay the performance cost and power cost in terms of doing that. So we believe you're going to see dedicated video capabilities, dedicated multimedia capabilities in addition to [indiscernible] (43:28) processor capabilities in these devices, and again, it's just another example where Broadcom has a broader set of IP we can bring to bear on these markets. So we can offer our customers high-performance processors when they want them or low-power video capability when it makes sense to run the battery a long time so you can watch a movie on your smartphone without killing the battery.
Scott McGregor: Well, we've only announced one or two products in the multimedia space. So it's absolutely only a couple of SKUs. We haven't announced other products at this point. If other products become available, we'll certainly talk about them. But right now, we've only talked about two SKUs in that space.
Scott McGregor: We don't generally break that out, but I'll try to help you a little bit. I mean, certainly, from just overall dollar volume and clout and impact to Broadcom's overall business, wireless LAN and cellular are big movers in that space. From a percentage growth point of view, GPS is really doing strongly in that space. So that should give you a sense of what some of both the volume drivers and growth drivers or the percentage drivers.
Scott McGregor: We probably will. We'll disclose that as we do normally on an annual basis, but our expectation is that we very well could.
Scott McGregor: We don't play as much in the PC market as some other companies, but we do have some products in that space. I don't think I have anything to add other than other headlines you've seen. We certainly saw some softness in that before. There's probably some seasonal pickup going forward in that market. But again, that's not a huge driver for us as some of the other markets.
Scott McGregor: I think the volume will certainly be further out. One of the challenges with Bluetooth is that there's a lot of new technology coming out in Bluetooth, Bluetooth low energy, a lot of the use of Bluetooth and wireless LAN together, so you get the higher performance over the wireless LAN fi [ph]. (51:18) So there's a lot of interesting innovation now happening in Bluetooth. And my guess is as long as that innovation moves quickly, that will work against integrating into the baseband and move instead to creating combo chips that would integrate Bluetooth with other things like GPS or wireless LAN that can move at a similar pace of innovation. So I don't see a lot of Bluetooth integration with basebands right now, but we're set up, we don't care. We're happy to do whatever our customers want. If they want Bluetooth integrated with baseband, we're delighted to do that. If they wanted it in combo chips, that's certainly a good solution for us as well.
Scott McGregor: I don't know the mix on that, and we're certainly seeing significant growth in both areas. We have some customers who want the standalone. I think the trend in design wins going forward is for the Bluetooth-GPS combo, but maybe discrete is still the largest.
Scott McGregor: You'll definitely see a little bit of shipment this year, but the real volume is not in this year, it's going to be in subsequent years. The Trident product that we have, the 64-port 10-gigs switch, is a tremendous product. It's something over 2 billion transistors in 40 nanometers. We don't think competitors have products similar to that, so we think that's going to be a good share gain for us there as a lot of new customers will come over to get the advantages of that product. So that's an example of the kind of product we invested in over the last couple of years as we kept our R&D strong in 2009, was able to deliver products like that. We've got a lot more in the chute. I think some of the Dune-based products are also unmatched in terms of capabilities out there from competitors and should help us gain a lot of share in a very high performance end of the networking space.
Scott McGregor: It's both. But generally, when we talk about that business, we're referring to the underlying Blu-ray and digital TV chips. So the connectivity products we sell are not yet integrated into those chips, but certainly something we're considering in the future. But right now, they're not integrated in, so we talk about them as separate businesses. In general, we're seeing very good design win traction in digital television, in large part due to the stuff other people can't do. We can do a better job at connected TVs, providing a complete solution for a TV or a Blu-ray device that connects to the Internet, uses wireless LAN and Bluetooth to connect to remote controls, do things like DLNA, which is a network protocol for transmitting content in the living room. We're just much better set up to provide a complete solution versus a lot of our competition that either lacks the connectivity pieces or the Internet pieces or the overall combination of things to do, a Blu-ray or a digital TV in all of these areas.
Scott McGregor: I would say in 65 nanometer, it hasn't really changed much, and certainly, our rapid growth is probably contributing to why it's not easing up. In the other spaces, 130 nanometer and larger geometries, it probably is using up a little bit. You see a little less constraint there, but certainly in the smaller geometries, still very tightly constrained.
Scott McGregor: Most of our new products are going to be 40 nanometer. That's the node that makes the most sense going forward. That's the performance cost, power utilization, so we'll definitely drive in that direction. We're shipping 40-nanometer products today to customers in small volumes, but that will ramp up over the course of the next couple of years. So we don't see that as particularly targeted for niches in our product portfolio. We see most of the product portfolio moving over to that, over time. It'll be different than our 65-nanometer ramp though. In 65 nanometers, we basically moved the entire portfolio over a very short period of time, and so you saw spike in our R&D cost because of that. We didn't expect that in 40 nanometers. It'll be more as the product evolve, as they come out with a next generation, they'll move to 40 nanometers.
Scott McGregor: I think we've said for a number of quarters now that our baseband margins are better than people were probably giving us credit for. And so therefore, you do see us ramping those products, but it's not taking down the overall margin for the company. And I don't want to represent that they're better than average for the company by any means, but we're able to offset that with our overall portfolio mix, and that's really what we try to do is to maintain a balance in our overall gross margin within our target range. In terms of the second customer, when we expect 3G to ramp there, I can't really comment on that. That customer is specific there. I mean, certainly, we've won a number of designs there, and we work very closely with them. And we believe that's a pretty big opportunity going forward, but we don't have specific timing for when that'll kick in.
Scott McGregor: I like to leave you with a few thoughts today. Broadcom had a great Q2. We've grown faster than the industry. We've gained market share in both our core and our emerging businesses. We've significantly improved our operating profitability, and we've returned capital to the shareholders. And we're looking forward to additional market share expansion and profitable growth in the second half of 2010.  Thanks for joining us today, and have a good day.
Eric Brandt: Both of the businesses saw some improvement in gross margin, as well as really, the growth in revenue and leverage of the R&D line, Jim.
Eric Brandt: It's kind of all of the above, Craig. It is both an improvement in margins within the businesses. We're actually seeing margin improvements across virtually all of the businesses combined with just higher volume and lower absorption cost as you can imagine given how quickly our volume has ramped. I think if you mix adjust it just on a standard margin basis, you'd actually see a slight drop in the gross margin, which we would've expected seasonally as you see that shift to the consumer side. But it's being offset by improvements within the business and the absorption that we're seeing across the business.
Eric Brandt: So a little bit of two things. One is there's a mix shift a little bit within that business to some of the lower margin products, but only small. And then there has been a pick up in the R&D side of that business. Even with some of those tapeouts, it slipped out. They've actually increased their R&D, and on the flat revenue, that's what you see. So I think that's more noise than anything else. Beyond that, we're still working hard to meet the supply of our customers who are pushing for parts. I'll let maybe Scott comment further on that.
Eric Brandt: And then the only other thing you asked for is the what mix is shipping with Wi-Fi? About 75% of the combo chip shipped with Wi-Fi in it.
Eric Brandt: Q2 mix was north of 50%, and it will continue to grow. The older principal largest other piece of technology is at 130 [nanometer] and that's about 35% of our mix and going down.
Eric Brandt: So what I said was that from a GAAP perspective, we would actually be if you apply the midpoint of the range provided, you would come up with a GAAP number on a product basis that was between the 15% to 17%, and on a non-GAAP basis, would be above the old 20% to 22%. In terms of changing the margin targets, it's pretty clear that we are operating in a very quickly growing environment and to call what our business model is in this kind of environment or change it from six months ago when we met and we were just hoping to get to this number pretty much in 18 months to two years, I think it's too early to call. I think that we'll talk more about it on Analyst Day, but if we are certainly benefiting from above-target margin results excluding stock-based comp and even with stock-based comp running one to two points above the range we provided over the long term that we thought we'd get to, we still think we can get to the GAAP type of operating model in Q3.
Eric Brandt: So first, on the legal expense, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, they continue to come in lower and shift to the right. As it turns out, next week, we actually have a court date on the derivative action, the last piece of the options-related litigation. If the court moves to summary judgment, then that will certainly be beneficial to us and because if they don't, it'll carry some legal expenses with it. Beyond that, I mean we've been running close to what I thought we could get to so far. I still think that there's an opportunity, particularly if -- even if we go to trial on the derivative action to be done some time next year. So I'm still cautiously optimistic on the legal spend. I can't predict exactly how the waves will come and go, but cautiously optimistic. On the backlog, we don't give guidance on backlog. But I can tell you that consistent with other quarters, we are entering the quarter 80% to 90% booked, even at least quite frankly. And we're trying to make sure that what we ship is going to underlying demand, and even in the face of that, we're still seeing strong growth, 7% to 9% sequentially, four quarters in a row now.
Eric Brandt: So, Ross, it's Eric. Yes, about 50% of the inventory growth is related to product in the cellular space, split between, not quite evenly but close, between mobile multimedia and EDGE parts, principally some 3G, but based on product ramps that are occurring in the back half of this year. And so as you can imagine, we have to have the parts on hand. And in fact, because we are in a hubbing relationship with one particular customer, those parts not only have to be in hand but they have to be in their warehouses, which we own until they pull. And so it's just indicative of preparing for a fairly steep ramp on the part of the customer.
Eric Brandt: And just one follow-up on that, maybe just to give you a sense. I mean we are now running at about 500 million chips per quarter, of which -- excuse me, 400 million to 500 million, but approaching but getting very quick to 500 million, probably as we get to Q3. And with north of 50% of those chips in 65 nanometer, you can imagine we're putting a significant demand constraints or demand pressure on the fabs.
Eric Brandt: Let me just give a statistic, and I'll hand it to Scott. I mean we are probably going to tape out in Q3 30% to 35% of our parts in 40 nanometer, if the tape outs will do in Q3. And that's a big tape-out quarter for us, so you can see us beginning to increase as we prepare to launch those products commercially. I'll hand it back to Scott.
Eric Brandt: So on OpEx, in the first six months of the year, I think OpEx was up about 4% and revenue is up about 20%. And the midpoint of our guidance is sort of 8%, 9%, and what I just gave you is probably in the vicinity of 5%, 6%. So we continue to ramp OpEx more slowly than revenue. We did say that when we got to the targeted range, they would ramp more closely. Having said that, it's easy to manage when you're driving a race car in a straightaway, and we want to make sure that we don't get too far out in front on an OpEx spend basis going forward. So we're going to try to hold it a little bit behind revenue in the event that sort of the revenue ramps slow, so we're not too far out in front of it. And good racecar drivers don't gain position on the straightaway, they do it on the curb, and so we just want to be prepared for the curb.
Eric Brandt: It was substantially better than seasonal in Q1 and Q2. And then in Q3, it was flat, which is slightly lower than seasonal. I think seasonal is about 2% give or take, in Q3, so it's slightly lower. I think what I would go to is what Scott said, which is I think the business has ramped to a new run rate level. And as our customers sort of get their boxes out and the enterprise side picks up, in addition to the service provider side, we should see the cycle continue and drive growth as we go forward.
Eric Brandt: I don't know. I mean, look, I think coming out of the downturn last year as things sort of turned around, it was hard to tell the difference between channel refill and true end demand and product ramp. I think we're past the point of channel refill given the strength we've seen in Q4, Q1 and Q2, and the guidance we've given for Q3. And certainly in a period of tight supply, we are seeing orders come in earlier, which gives us a little bit more comfort in terms of the demand levels and what's underlying. So I would say cautiously, we feel a little bit better and certainly feel better to see the kind of seasonality in Q2 and Q3, given we were expecting something much more muted earlier in the year. So a little bit better cautiously, I say.
Eric Brandt: So let's see. On OpEx, first of all, I guess to get to your question, you're asking about stock-based comp. Stock-based comp should be down $5 million or $6 million in the quarter. And so, when I said about half of that relates to the design and development, that's actually on a cash basis. So that gives you a sense of the magnitude of new products and tape outs coming out of the company in Q3. In terms of Q4, again, I don't want to provide guidance. We normally see again whatever is normal because the standard deviation is pretty wide or flat about Q4. We have had that customer that you're describing for certainly a couple of years as a large customer of ours, and we understand their strategy. So that would account for that just from the averages, overall.
