Hock Tan: That’s a very interesting question and it offers me the opportunity to clarifying how we look at our composite set of businesses. Our business model is very much focused on putting together a portfolio -- on portfolio of what we consider product technology, product franchises. And that’s not necessarily limited to IT infrastructure or networking or data centers in any particular specifics. As you notice, we have a range of products that sells into multiple end markets which ranges from wired and even in wired, we have made a distinction, as I said, of networking, data centers, as well as more service provider spending as it relates to carrier access, and PON and video delivery, and the two sets of end markets by itself. Then, we have enterprise storage, which is very data center centric, I mean. But then, you’re right, we have wireless, which is, as we define it, is very focused on mobilities and smartphones where we put up the best latest technology. And finally, we have industrial where we have a set of products that goes to various industrial product, necessary to make that the data centers. So, they are very disparate, they are very diverse. And there in our view lies our strength. It’s very set of diverse products, franchises and that’s the key to operating, franchises. But each of them is very -- a set of common characteristics. One is, they operate in niche markets typically, those are the niche markets that become mass markets, because mass markets have moved over to these niche markets. And for two is, we have the technology, more technology, we are the leader in technology in each of this niche markets. And we tend to have the highest market share too in each of these end markets. And the common thing we do is, they all sit on our platform, but each of those features keep investing and you’ve seen the level of dollars we invest. We’re investing over $3 billion, $3.2 billion a year just on R&D and product development as we move through each generation and evolve the technology for use of end customers. And we make sure, we lead in each of those. And so, we believe, to answer your question specifically on wireless, we believe our position in wireless, in those wireless products and markets that we are very much in the lead technology, we are lead in market share in the niches we are in. So, it’s satisfying, those considerations of us, of franchises in those specific markets as you would apply to switching and routing in data centers where we’re very well represented too. And the benefit of all this particular franchises is they all are enormously profitable and they all continue to grow. 
Hock Tan: Thank you, interesting question. Let me try to address that, if I could, one of which, to start with, we don’t own private equity, by no means. Why? We know -- we understand the businesses that operates in the Broadcom very well, and we operate those businesses. We are not financial investors. The financial performance, the capital allocation that comes out, the exceptional cash flow we generate of those making those businesses very successful happens to be just the end product. We run those businesses and we run them as a group. That’s the biggest difference between us and private equity, very, very much. So, the way we see some differentiating tricks in now we identify and acquire those businesses and then integrate them into a whole, as part of Broadcom, is simply this. I think we’re very, very aware of our ecosystem, what product lines, what markets are very sustainable, very good as potential profit and growth opportunities. And we’re very focused. And that’s a key thing. We are very focused in determining what businesses make sense to invest in and what businesses we do not or should not invest in because it won’t generate the return, which is why, as I explained on my reply to the earlier question, today, Broadcom comprises 19 separate product divisions. Each of them leader in their own right in each of those niche markets they are in. And by being extremely focused on continuing to be the technology and market leader, which basically means delivering generation after generation. Because one advantage in technology is you keep, having to evolve with better and better products that your customers can use and/or ask for. As you do that you actually create more and more value to your customers. And the extension of that is shown by the fact that, if you look at our financials over the last several years, we expect our product margin, gross margin to say as a collective whole 100 basis points approximately every year. This is the same product. This is not about adding new acquisitions, which accrete the gross margin. We're talking about if you look organically at the same products that we have 3, 4, 5 years ago, you will see that margins expand as a whole. And the reason it can expand is because you're delivering more value to your customers. And so the real basic thing is be very focused. Stick to what you do very well and focus on where you are very successful and keep doing the same thing. And what we do when we look at acquisitions very simply is we look at companies where the opposite is actually sometimes happening, where the core business of the Company -- of some of these business companies are not so focused on or neglected in many ways, and instead the bright, shiny objects get focused on where the strength of that particular company may not be so good. And we basically pull them back to their roots and put them into as part of the overall Broadcom portfolio. That's really what we are.
Hock Tan: That's a very, very good question and a very timely question. And what we -- I can -- I'm not trying to look out far nor trying to basically postulate a vision here, but short -- but what we're seeing now and what we've seen recently and looking what we're seeing now is that the dynamics of the semiconductor space is constantly changing. I know that's an obvious answer. But what I mean is by different end markets. And we, in some ways, are fortunate in selling to 4, 5 end markets, very, very different end markets. And I can tell you, over the last 2 years, the behavior of all those 5 end markets are very -- had been very different. So it's hard for me to say how's the whole semiconductor industry because it does cover into a lot of spaces. And 2 -- like 1 or 2 years ago, I did say that in 2016, 2017 -- even 2017 and '16, broadband was very strong. What part of the, I guess, of service provider spending -- level of service provider spending worldwide and -- but also -- and leading to business that's kind of cyclical. It's a business I might add that's relatively flat but sustainable and cyclical. So today, as I say, broadband, as I mentioned, is not so strong anymore. Now last year -- 2 years ago, data center spending was okay. This year, 2018, it's extremely strong and continues to look good. So we see different parts of the cycle. Just like even wireless. I mean, wireless, 2 years ago, 3 years ago was great. Content was growing. Then what we've seen over the past year is smartphones literally, not just handset worldwide but smartphones, just kind of flattened out, totally flattened out and where cost becomes a concern more than that demand or innovation becomes limited, and people are now waiting for perhaps a 5G cycle before we see another uptick. And industrial -- oh, yes, automotive was moving away for a few years, drives industrial, continues to do so as we see, though we start to see definitely some slowdown from where we are, both in automotive and industrial. So you're seeing ups and downs across different segment, different end markets that's an -- which uses semiconductors. And I guess, our best saving grace here is, because we are fairly diversified, we cannot keep ourselves stable and secure on a total basis as opposed to riding any particular end market upwards are downwards.
Hock Tan: That's a great question, John, and I'll try to address that. And you're right. It starts with IP. We sell intellectual property except with productizing. With -- in many -- a lot of our business are semiconductors, and we sell IP embedded in silicon, is perhaps the simple best way to describe. That's what we do. We don't try to license this out. We make it into products that addresses what our end users, end customers need to make, to use or make into -- for the -- make into part of a systems. And it's that intellectual property that drives the technology evolution because we keep feeding that machine. We keep enhancing, innovating on those technologies in any particular markets we're in. And as I mentioned, we have 19 of those markets. In each of them, one -- it's -- we behave very commonly. We have a team of people, and in many cases, we -- or in most cases, I would add, we have the best engineers in the world, architects and engineers in the world in each area -- in the space they are in. We are among the best. And many of these -- and these guys, the other side to IP, they have IP they have developed over the years and innovate to the next better thing. And we keep doing that. And the customers love to have this product because it makes them successful. It makes them more productive. It makes them do things that otherwise they can't do. And when you do that with each evolving technology, each evolving generation of technology, you basically get a higher value added to your product. Always do because you give your customer more value. You get something more for it. I'll give you an example, right? The well-known Tomahawk 3 switch is 12.8 terabit per second throughput switch. The previous generation, Tomahawk 2, was only 6.4, half that throughput. So you are able to put into a data center and on top of a direct of servers twice the throughput, twice the capacity, twice the bandwidth. Do you -- do I -- am I able to charge 2x the price? Of course not. That's not the way technology works. But we are able to obviously improve against our value simply by the fact that even as dollars, our price per terabit drops, on the total 2x terabit, the value of the product goes up for us, for the customers. And if the demand, the usage consumption increases to use up all 12.8 terabit and basically, the data center scale gets to scale out tremendously at a very cost-effective set of economics. And that's an example that applies across all 19 product lines and to bottom -- at the bottom -- at the end of it all, so because of that, our ability to do that, to offer better products are more value to our customers. Our product margin goes up. And it goes up faster than the amount of R&D we pour in, and we pour in quite a bit to sustain that level of improvement. And that leads to an improved operating -- and expanding operating margin. That's what we've seen. That's what has happened.
Hock Tan: Well, Ross, thanks for asking that too. But what you say is true right now. In 2016, I loved broadband. It was an on up-cycle. If you recall, there was the Summer Olympics floating around. Everybody was signing up for cable, cable access. So we were booming. That time paid. That thing outperformed data centers, networking, that is. Today, the cycle turned around. We look at broadband and say, "Man, this thing is dragging me." It's not. When the up-cycle happens as we fully expect within the next 12 months also, you'll be great again. So that's one of the interesting things about it, is looking at, say, even wired or even wireless. Every one of this -- a lot of these markets' growth has their ups and downs, and especially if you look at a quarter and much less annually. Quarterly, even worse. What we have to keep realizing is these are all technology-driven applications and market-driven as better and better, more innovative technology comes in. It keeps expanding, some at a slower pace than others, but what it does is it adopts new technology, and which allows us to keep adding more value as we progress through it, even though it goes through its ups and downs. And the key thing to all this is sustainability. These are all very sustainable end markets. The product we see today may be much better than the product in this end market we saw 5 years ago, and the product 5 years from now will be much better than the product we see today. But believe me, the end use continues.
Hock Tan: A very interesting question, and it is, again, part of the whole franchise model. And then, yes, because again, in the case of wireless, we have very unique technology. We have very, very differentiated technology that allows us to produce very high-performance products in those smartphones. And so far, it's been the super high-end smartphones that tends to use our products. And I could see a situation where, especially with 5G coming into the mix, with all these difficult bands showing up, where 5G, you start running higher than 3 gigahertz spectrum bandwidth. You start to meet better and better RF components, especially in filtering, very much so in filtering, and we could see that being required across the board in many next-phase or next-generation 5G phones. And we can see that happening, in which case then, it starts to expand beyond just high-end phones, and you're exactly right in that regard. It has happened before, a few years ago, when there were certain bands that were so critical, it can only be done using FBAR. Very difficult FBAR technology, and for a while, that was pretty cool.
Hock Tan: Okay. You -- and so actually, 2 questions you're asking here, so let me try to address them separately. WiFi, in many ways, is a more stable, predictable evolution of the technology trends. And today, very much so, everybody uses the standard, WiFi standard called 802.11ac, C as in China, and that's great. It's definitely an improvement from what it used to be 5 years or 10 years ago. But we have a new technology, a new protocol coming in called 802.11ax, which I may have commented on a couple of times in my prepared remarks. What ax does is, in a nutshell, it increases, in layman's language, the bandwidth. Huge. You can imagine easily running data stream wirelessly from your handsets. Upwards and uplink and downlink weigh over 1 gigabit per second, even 2 gigabits per second. You get carried away. But what's even more interesting is it allows for multiple users simultaneously, which is something that's always been tricky. And it requires a lot of technology, hardware and software. And we are in the lead in doing it, as I indicated. We are the first out with our product, they're working, we're designing, and we started launching it with multiple partners starting October next month. By the way, this year, starting with the retail routers and going on to the enterprise access points and then operators by early next year. So it's a big thing, 802.11ax, and I bet you in the spring, you will find at least one big handset maker coming out big-time to push 802.11ax. And our chips will be right in those flagship phones. But -- so it's more predictable, and our technology is so strong. I have to say that we see ourselves in the road map of our key customers over the next 2, 3 years. More predictable as 802.11ax, that should go to a second wave and upgrade and all that. On RF, it's truly not that much different, except that what's happening here more than anything else is over every several years, we go from, as you know, 2G, GSM, we go out to 3G, and now -- and then we have 4G that's been going on now for 6 years. And now there's actually demand, or kind of a demand, I might add, for even higher speeds, higher throughputs, lower latencies, more connections, that's what 5G is all about, which leads to IoT applications and all those applications we had dreamed about previously. That -- those are great. It's just that those are very, very difficult to implement. And in order to make it happen, one, in a nutshell, it will happen as it has happened in the past on 4G, it's your phone already runs 3G, 4G. You now have to put in additional components, additional capability to run an additional set of spectrum that runs, that is operating in 5G. And once you start doing that, you really will have issues of coexistence. You also have to reach out in 5G to frequencies that are much higher, much more difficult to produce, to put in a phone for communications, data communications. And I'm referring to frequencies that go way above 3 gigahertz now as a first step. And as you go into more and more of these 5G phones, you have more frequencies, more requirements of components in the same limited space of a phone. So you start to have to innovate on your components to be able to put them in a phone, unlimited space, lower power, working very well together. And that's where our capabilities, our technology in RF, especially FBAR, comes into its own. And that's why we see this is as a sustainable franchise, especially for someone who is able to design, have the IP to design capabilities, components, that few people are able to replicate.
Hock Tan: Well, I love this question. I'm almost tempted to tell you, hello, the same reason we've put together a bunch of businesses in semiconductor, what we call semiconductor solutions. On one extreme semiconductor solution, I am pulling simple hardware semiconductors, pure hardware analog components. To the extreme, it's not even silicon, in some cases, it's nanotechnology, it's indium phosphide, gallium arsenide, as in lasers, to the more well-known, well-recognized silicon SoCs, silicon on a chip there we built our routers and switches, and deep-learning chips on, with a lot of software, by the way on this thing, lots of software. I have -- in our networking team I have as many software engineers as I have hardware engineers, silicon solution engineers. In our video delivery business, video, which is basically a set-top box with cable modem, I have more software engineers because there are tons of different kinds of software that goes into a set-top box chip thus compared to hardware engineers. We understand software. CA, you're right, is all software. But a set-top box is, to put a number, over 60% software. And if I have to look at the switch, I can make the switch as simple, programmable and install software-defined networks and write a lot of software specs to program this, and that's 70% software, 30% hardware. Or I could hard-code chips as I do in certain other versions of my networking business, which are typically lower-end switches. And I would say I have 80% hardware and 20%, 30% software. So I go -- it varies across a lot of spectrum. One thing that's common is technology. It's technology solutions you provide to your customers, who cannot operate very productively, very efficiently, they don't sometimes operate at all without that, and it's technology solutions that evolve over time and your ability to keep up with customer needs over time. We're very good at managing that. We are very good at understanding how to monetize intellectual property in technology. I think that's a common thing we have.
Hock Tan: Sure. I think that's a very, very insightful question you came out with, and you're right 100%. One, we're not interested in going to the boxes, you got that right, or systems. We don't need to do that. But we have the key ingredients. We have the chips, the engine. So you take a box, be it in the industry that you're out to, any of those things. Where -- and we have the software. Or if you want to sum up all of these end users now, and you're probably aware of that and to some extent, some of the big operators now are starting to want to build their own data centers and they have come to us and asked us to enable them to build their own data centers. And what -- that's very similar. And these guys are very, very aware of how the cloud guy is doing. The cloud guys use our own silicon engine -- our own merchant silicon. In many cases, some of our initial -- our software, SDK, by -- in many cases, they even write their own software and they then go to ODMs, the ODMs in Taiwan, in China, anywhere else, to put a box to build a system, a box. We have to enable that. Obviously, we have to. And the cloud guys do it. There's no reason why an operator like AT&T with Domain 2.0 cannot and is, in fact, executing on that basis or any other large enterprise users who build -- who had to build out on their own scale fairly substantial data centers, why they can't even do that on their own because as Tom had said, the core IP, the core technology, which is the engine, the software. Everything else ties together, and there are lots of ODMs out there. You call that white boxes, I believe, and they have a choice of doing that or continuing to buy from their traditional sources. What we are able to do now with our direct access to CA customers is establish strategic and strong engagements with those end users, and substantial end-user enterprises or end users, who would want to start doing it themselves in order to not just do it at low economics, but in order to access directly the latest, call it, leading-edge silicon software products, technology, which will enable them to build data centers just as leading-edge as what's available in the cloud. But we have seen that requirement, that request coming in, and we are basically responding to it. This is not a pipe dream.
Hock Tan: Absolutely. That's a question that's wrong on so many fronts, I don't know where to begin. Let me start, let me try. Number one, we acquire -- we have a history of acquisitions and integrating very, very well. Those are not financial deals. They end up, as I say, as great financial returns. They're not -- we operate them under a single umbrella. We operate them, I hate to say, very, very well, but we also operate them very, very focused. And when you're focused, as I said before, you don't overinvest in R&D. When you're focused, you don't overinvest in even selling. When you run your company in a business model that is simple, you don't need a huge amount of SG&A. As already mentioned, it's not about cutting SG&A, it's about simplifying a business process with very strong -- a portfolio of very strong businesses, where you focus your spending on R&D to enable you to keep being ahead of the pack. And that's really our business -- our model, it's a business model and that we have executed over the last 6 years through multiple acquisitions. And it's also, as I mentioned in an earlier response, how well we integrate into the model, which ties to being very focused on what you pick as core businesses you want to keep investing in and divesting. You can't cut a business that you don't have. Businesses that you do not see as being sustainable, part of it being sustainable is really a chance of them in franchise. When we buy companies over the last 5, 6 years, just as many companies and businesses we are in. If you look at the finer print and we have that data, we divest as many businesses out there. We just let it go because those are businesses that we believe are not sustainable, are not strong, are commoditized and where you don't have an advantage for whatever reasons that comes into play. So in that sense, you might call that financial. I don't. I call it a very strategic focus on businesses you can win. And that's how we look at even looking towards CA, which is an interesting part of what you say because, Romit, the mainframe business is very alive and well. Investments are still continuing in the mainframe business. And to put it in simple terms, transactions, online transactions, a lot of them in the largest enterprises in the world cannot run without mainframe, with hardware or the software tools that drive it. So that's basically all I say to that. But obviously, ours is an operating model and a business model, and the financials is what comes out of a very strong, sustainable and secure business model.
