Scott A. McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom executed well in the September quarter, with cutting-edge products and strong financial discipline resulting in record revenue and operating profitability above our target financial model. I'm also pleased to report we generated record cash flow from operations, surpassing 27% of revenue. Our total cash and marketable securities position of $4.2 billion also ended the quarter at record levels.  While many of our businesses set records in the September quarter, our outlook reflects near-term industry softness and uncertainty from our customers. To that end, we're maintaining a tight rein on our overall spending, as shown by our Q3 results and Q4 guidance for R&D and SG&A expenses. Broadcom has a proven track record of success across semiconductor cycles, and we've position the company to once again emerge stronger coming out of the current uncertain economic environment. Our goals remain focused on product innovation and relentless integration that enables us to grow our market share and deliver strong profitability and robust cash flow from operations.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance, and then I'll go into details on our business units.
Scott A. McGregor: I can't comment on specific customers. But in general, we're seeing a trend in combo chips where many of the discrete solutions that people use previously are being replaced by our combo chips. We're also seeing that in areas such as China, we're increasingly taking share, and the penetration of combo chips is moving down from just high-end phones more into midrange phones. And so that's driving the growth of combo chips.
Scott A. McGregor: I think that's a good long-term growth driver. I don't think you're going to see significant growth of that in the rest of this year. But over the next couple of years, we do see it as something that will drive a replacement and upgrade cycle across the infrastructure marketplace. So important in terms of driving new switches, new Fis , new network connections, just overall because the amount of data traffic is increasing so much. We do see that, again, as a definite long-term growth driver for the company.
Scott A. McGregor: I guess, in terms of inventory, you could have inventory within the company itself, within Broadcom, and you could have inventory in our customers, and you can have inventory in various part of the channel distribution and resellers and things like that. Broadcom, I think, we've done a great job with inventory management. You saw our turns went up to 7.8. So very, very good inventory management on the part of Broadcom. We certainly don't have any inventory challenges within the company. Within our customers, we know of a few customers that have some inventory, but we also know of a lot of customers that are deliberately running very lean because of some concern on the macroeconomic side. And so I would say to the extent we saw any pickup in the economy, we'd see some expedited orders in those cases. But again, there are a few pockets where we think some customers do have a little bit of inventory. In the channel, we don't have as good a visibility on that, and I think, that's going to be more macro-driven. But certainly within Broadcom itself and within our customers overall, we think it's a relatively normal inventory situation.
Scott A. McGregor: So we certainly are engaged in discussion with Microsoft, but we don't preannounce products in that space. So I'm sorry, I can't shed any light for you in terms of Microsoft products that would come out. I think the biggest driver for us, from a revenue point of view, is going to be the low-cost Android platforms that are coming out right now. The Samsung GALAXY Y product is a great example of that, very, very powerful product, a very attractive price point. We're also shipping with a number of other Asian OEMs out there today, handset makers deploying our baseband solutions in the high-volume, low-cost Android space. So I think that's probably the biggest growth driver for us over the next couple of quarters. And then, of course, we do expect next year to begin our shipments of 3G with Nokia. So another driver that will come into play as that begins to go to market.
Scott A. McGregor: I think the HDD impact is definitely significant across the whole tech industry, and I don't think people have analyzed it and had time to really go through it. Generally, the hard disk drive as an industry was expected to ship on the order of 200 million units in the quarter, and our guess is that there'll be around half that. And so, that will have implications on devices. I don't think Broadcom will be as affected as many other companies, but you could see a slowdown in PCs, which depend on HDD drives, except for the small number that use SSDs. I think also you could see some impact on Data Center. I think you could be some impact on personal video recorders that use hard disk drives. And so we've had conversations with our customers there. So again, still early days on analysis, but we certainly have looked at that and have reflected that in our thoughts on the fourth quarter.
Scott A. McGregor: No, we're not. Actually, the BRIC countries we're very bullish on and think that as they deploy more and more broadband to their citizens, that's going to be a great long-term driver for us. We put out a number of cost-optimized solutions targeting that market. I think you may recall initially, we went after that market with essentially U.S. set-top box chips that were rather over-configured and excessive cost for that market. We've since come out with 40 nanometer tune devices targeting the BRIC opportunities. And so we think we're very well situated to take share and enjoy growth over the next year in those markets.
Scott A. McGregor: We're seeing relatively stronger enterprise business than service provider business. The weakness is more in the service provider business. We've seen some push-outs there. I think China softened up a little bit so driving that. But enterprise definitely stronger than service provider in the current environment.
Scott A. McGregor: I don't have exact mix number for you, but we definitely see the majority of the business now in combos, and I think we do see combos growing and therefore, decline in the discrete business. We don't see that as a share loss, we see discretes declining in general for everybody, as the business moves more towards combos. And so that works to our favor as we've very, very strong combo products.
Scott A. McGregor: Well, we don't guide the first quarter. We could talk a little more about that at our Analyst Day in December. But sorry, we don't guide to the first quarter at this point.
Scott A. McGregor: We generally have about 6 to 9 month visibility based on design wins we've already won. And Broadcom continues to have a very, very strong competitive position in combo chips. We don't expect any meaningful change in our share of the business over that period of time. Our combo chips remain extremely strong. Our customers continue to use them. We don't have 100% of the business though, and so we're going to win some here and lose some there. But overall, we don't see any meaningful changes in our share.
Scott A. McGregor: We're seeing macro impact across all our segments, so it's not unique to any one of them. I don't have a specific breakout for you. I can't do it on customers, but we don't see it specific to high end or low end. It's general across all of our segments.
Scott A. McGregor: Well, I think there's some other trends going on. I think Broadcom's able to take share. I think, we're moving more from the discrete chips to the combo chips. And again, as the combo capability as wireless connectivity moves down from just the higher-end smartphones and high-end feature phones into more midrange phones, there's an opportunity for share expansion there. So those are some dynamics that would be more secular rather than cyclical.
Scott A. McGregor: I think you'll see NFC initially start as a discrete device and over time, increasingly become integrated into combo chips for the reader side of it. For the tag, it tends to be low cost, that's what you'll put in paper and posters and devices and things like that. And that will remain discrete. So I think you'll start to see that roll out in significant volume next year.
Scott A. McGregor: I can't give you an exact forecast on that, but I would not model revenue in 2012 for LTE. I think it's a past 2012 event. So we are in initial trials with carriers. But we believe to field the very strong competitive product in that space, it will take a little while to get there.
Scott A. McGregor: I think about half of our chips in set-top box go into PVRs or high end, just to give you a rough estimate on that. And there is a potential for impact on those devices. We believe we have included what we understand of the issue today in our fourth quarter guidance. But I think the industry's still analyzing that.
Scott A. McGregor: Generally, customers have been very supportive. We've had a lot of very productive conversations with customers that enables us to provide a much more complete solution and participate more broadly in a lot of the opportunities. So generally, favorable conversations with customers.
Scott A. McGregor: I think 28 nanometer is going to be an interesting process. We certainly have the test chips going out and expect to tape product chips out at 28 nanometers shortly.
Scott A. McGregor: China is also a great opportunity for us in 3G basebands. We've won multiple designs with a variety of OEMs over there, some of which have already begun shipping. So we see that as a great growth opportunity for us as well. I think Samsung's going to be the most important and largest of our customers in the Android baseband opportunity for now. But certainly, good opportunity with China as well.
Scott A. McGregor: I think you've made a good observation, and certainly between Provigent, we acquired a company called Percello, which also does femto and small cells. we have done a variety of things in terms of backhaul, in terms of fiber, very strong position there. Switch, obviously, and NetLogic fills in some additional pieces with processors. We also have strong DSP capability within the company. So your observation that we have a large number of pieces to go after that market is correct and certainly, an interesting opportunity going forward, and we'll announce additional products as they come forward.
Scott A. McGregor: Combo is indeed the majority of our connectivity business at this point, but I don't have other numbers for you there.
Scott A. McGregor: So on application processors, I think, it's certainly an observation that we have not had the most cutting-edge application processes. We have a strategy to bundle them with our basebands, which we think is spot on and the right thing to do and will be majority of the cellular business over time. What we've done is we've put a lot of investment into upping our game in application processors, and I think you've seen us announce processors now north of gigahertz, and you'll see us announce multi-core, multi-thread, faster processors over the course of the next year. So I'd say within the next year, you should see us competitive, strongly competitive in the application processors space. And again, wait for the products to get announced and judge for yourself on that. In terms of Nokia, we've said we expect the 3G ramp in 2012. Unfortunately, as we get closer, I can't give you more clarity on that. We want to protect the proprietary nature of Nokia's business and as they roll out products and whatnot. But we do expect to rollout 3G with Nokia next year.
Scott A. McGregor: I think in the DTV and Blu-ray business, we originally went into that business thinking that we could create a highly-differentiated strategy with Internet capability and over-the-top capability built into TV sets. That market has just remained stubbornly commodity relatively-low margin and difficult to differentiate and brutal pricing. I don't think anybody makes very much money certainly in the customer side, very tough to make money in that business overall. So we did a portfolio decision, which is we would reallocate the cost to things we thought were higher growth opportunities across all of Broadcom, not just in broadband itself. So while some of those resources were redeployed into the rest of our Broadband business, it also gave us an opportunity to reinvest some of those into things like application processors and cellular basebands to get more competitive in that space as well.
Scott A. McGregor: I think Europe and the United States are driving more of the weakness than the rest of the world. I think we're seeing relative strength in BRIC and Asia in general versus the Europe and American markets just overall.
Scott A. McGregor: I think long term, we definitely see our Infrastructure business as a growing opportunity. Certainly, our goal has been to expand the overall TAM or total available market for that business looking at, we talked earlier on the call, about cellular infrastructure. There's certainly the opportunity to, with our NetLogic acquisition, pursue a lot of the markets you would see in the processor space. And so we believe that, plus 10 gig is a great opportunity. Our switch products are very strong in that space. I think there's just a variety of things we can do overall in that business. We've also announced a number of other things in terms of automotive and other stuff. So there's a lot of opportunity broadly in that business for growth. I think also, as Romley starts to deploy, we'll see some pickup on a more cycle-specific basis for that.
Scott A. McGregor: So we definitely believe that, again, bandwidth is just exploding. And so 10 gig will move to 40, move to 100. So we will definitely deploy products in that space. Many of our switches today have 40 gig uplinks. And so we see that as a great opportunity going forward. And obviously, we expect to be very competitive in that space.
Scott A. McGregor: So I mentioned before that our LTE products are in carrier trial, and we don't expect revenue from those now through 2012. By the way, many people define 4G as different kinds of things. Some people believe LTE is 4G, other believe that HSPA+ is 4G. We certainly have HSPA+ products in the market. And so depending on how you count 4G, we'll have a number of products there. We don't disclose our cellular mix. I'm sorry, I can't give you any more color on the other part of your question.
Scott A. McGregor: The low-end Android that I was talking about are both the baseband, and typically, we also win the connectivity at the same time. So we'll often see a full complement of chips from Broadcom in those devices.
Scott A. McGregor: So in terms of declining prices, I think, our industry normally sees prices decline on average of about 10% per year. And that's factored into our business model. It's been a little less than the last few years, and the pricing environment held up a little more, simply because a lot of the prices that we depend on like gold and oil and plastics and other assembly and wafers and things like that have not declined in line with industry norms. So we don't expect anything unusual going on in the pricing environment. In terms of margins, we don't see anything unusual in that space, so nothing particularly unusual to report there.
Scott A. McGregor: We definitely believe we've won a number of designs and certainly see that. But overall, when we look at our Wireless business, we see it net being down.
Scott A. McGregor: I have to point out that we've been shipping 3G for now for 2 years or so. So it's not our first 3G win. Our first wins in the low-end Android space, the high-volume Android space. So let me just clarify that. And Samsung's done a great job creating products there. They're taking share and creating really innovative products. We're winning in the Android space because we've got a very cost-effective product, and I think our strategy of integrating basebands with application processors is really playing off there, as people look for economic ways to deliver on smartphones. In terms of why we haven't done as well in the high end is because we haven't delivered products in the high end at this point. We targeted low to midrange in those devices, so that's where our wins are. I think what we've said over the last couple of quarters is that we've shifted our investment to target more the high end. It takes a little while to develop those products, but in terms of upping our game on both cellular modems and on application processors, we're definitely making those investments now, and I think you'll see, over the next couple of years, we'll shift our strategy to win not only in the midrange where we play today, but also to pick up high-end business as well. So that covers that space.
Scott A. McGregor: So thank you for joining us today. In closing, we believe our integrated product offerings and scalable business model position Broadcom for where the market is heading. We're pressing our strategic and financial advantages right now to continue to invest in the areas that will bring us future growth. Also, we look forward to seeing you at our 2011 Analyst Day in New York this time, on December 14. And if you need any additional details on this event, please give Chris or John a call. Thank you very much, and have a good day.
Eric K. Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As John mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the Investors section of our website for additional financial information that will supplement my financial commentary.  Moving to the financial overview. To summarize for Q3, total revenue of $1.96 billion, including $1.9 billion in product revenue. Q3 total net revenue was up 9% sequentially and up 8% from prior-year level.  GAAP product gross margin was roughly flat from Q2 at 49.5%, and non-GAAP product gross margin was 50.9%. Q3 GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were down $21 million to $666 million. Net of the non-recurring legal payment in Q2, R&D and SG&A expenses were up only $4 million sequentially. GAAP earnings per share for Q3 were $0.48, which, excluding one-time items, would've been $0.58 per share. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.82 or $0.06 above first call consensus of $0.76 per share. Cash flow from operations for Q3 was a record $534 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance was $4.24 billion, up over $443 million from Q2. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In July and again in September, we said we expected Q3 total net revenues to be approximately $1.9 billion to $2 billion. Total revenue ended at $1.96 billion. Our Broadband Communications segment was up 2% from Q2. As anticipated, our Mobile & Wireless segment was up 16%, driven by strength across both wireless connectivity and cellular businesses. Our Infrastructure & Networking segment was up 4% as expected, driven by a rebound in controller, a full quarter of Provigent revenue and modest growth in switch.  Our Q3 GAAP product gross margin was roughly flat at 49.5%, which is modestly below our expectations of flat to up slightly. This translates to 50.9% on a non-GAAP product basis, once again, well within our target model. Moving to operating expenses. Total GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q3 were down $21 million from Q2 levels, significantly below the guidance we provided in July of flat to down $10 million. This favorability to guidance was principally driven by lower mask cost and legal fees. During the quarter, the company took a portfolio action to stop future development of digital TV and Blu-Ray products and reallocate funding to higher value opportunities. This results in a GAAP restructuring charge of roughly $23 million, of which $17 million will be recognized in Q3. In addition, during Q3, we recorded a charge of $9 million associated with the impairment of acquisition intangibles and net settlement charges of $27 million. These items are discussed in more detail in our Form 10-Q filed today. Moving to the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, cash flow from operations was a record $534 million for Q3. Cash and marketable securities ended Q3 at a record $4.24 billion. Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding was 38 days in Q3. In addition, net inventory levels decreased over $50 million, resulting in 7.8 turns in Q3.  Moving to expectations. We currently expect net revenue in Q4 to be roughly $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. Sequential revenue will be down across all segments, driven by general demand softness. We expect Q4 product gross margin to be flat to down slightly versus Q3 on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, principally due to absorption, but still within our targeted non-GAAP model. We expect GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q4 to be roughly flat sequentially. Non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses should be flat to up $10 million. Finally, I want to remind you that in Q1, we have our annual accounting step-up in expenses for fringe, merit and stock-based compensation. In 2011, these accounted for roughly $45 million in sequential growth. For 2012, we would expect an increase to this amount consistent with our employee growth and merit process.  And now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Eric K. Brandt: Jim, so our cost structure's pretty fixed. It's mostly driven by the people we hire. And as you can see, we've slowed down, I think, from where consensus estimates were at the beginning of 2011, we're probably, based on the guidance we gave today, close to $100 million, $125 million favorable to what people had in their OpEx line. And that's the result of us really slowing down the rate of which we've been adding costs across the year. We'll continue to tighten that up, and the portfolio action that I mentioned today relative to digital TV and Blu-ray is an indication of our view of some of the 0-sum choices we need to make in an uncertain economic environment. So I think there'll be some additional costs beyond that step-up, but our anticipation is we will probably run pretty tight into 2012 in terms of OpEx until we see the economic environment really begin to turn back favorable.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, Uche, in Q3, that business is sort of in the tens of millions of dollars. It will probably, between Q3 and Q4, go down, get cut in half between Q3 and Q4. And then relative to next year, it will be a very small part of next year, as we sort of run out the existing chips that we got and some additional software work. But we are discontinuing further development of new products in this area.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, in terms of revenue linearity, strongest month was the second month of the quarter. In terms of sort of order linearity, typically, it's stronger in the front part of the quarter, and I don't think this is any different than any other quarter.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes. Again, assuming all of the NetLogic shares converted over as we discussed during the transaction, it's about 15 million shares. In terms of stock-based compensation, it doesn't change our objective as a company, and I think depending on how things play out next year, we should continue to see leverage, assuming next year is a growth year. If it's not a growth year in the industry, obviously, that would hurt us. But I think to the extent that it's a growth year, we should continue to see leverage in that line and maybe a blip associated with the transaction, and then we'll start to move down again.
Eric K. Brandt: We generally expect them all to be down, I would say, in the places where there is a longer supply chain, like you'd find in the Infrastructure segment. To the extent that there is broader demand weakness, we'll see a combination of both, demand weakness and inventory channel effect. So that's probably the one larger place and then I think, more broadly, consistently down across the other 2 businesses.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, so I think the interesting thing is when you listen to -- and we've listened to some of the other companies before, some talk about demand, some talk about inventory. And as you know, we've talked about that we think that they're connected, right? When there is demand weakness, eventually the inventory levels begins to stack up, then you'd like to clear them out. I think the difference here is there isn't, at least at this point, the kind of shock to the system that we saw in 2008. And this maybe just sort of a slowing down cleaning out of inventory and snap back. At least, certainly that's our hope. I think for us, and we've tried to make this clear, I think we've been through this before. We've seen how this plays out. And so, we will sort of batten down the hatches and make tough choices, tighten up our spending and manage our business tightly as we roll into next year and probably won't make meaningful changes in resourcing until we see a bounce back. And so we played this out in 2009, and we think to the extent that 2012 plays out as 2009, we have a pretty good formula for that event.
Eric K. Brandt: So we don't -- we certainly don't try to manage mask costs down other than the actual cost per mask. So we don't move masks in and out of a quarter. We let them go as they are as they come in. In terms of Q4, I think the slightly up on a non-GAAP basis is driven by the presumption that there will be increased mask cost in Q4. That is normal for us with respect to the fact that most people have a series of objectives to get a certain number of products out and taped out. And so they tend to sort of snow plow and shovel into Q4. And so this is not abnormal. I would say it was lighter than we thought in Q3, and many of those masks that slipped across the quarter and taped out at the very beginning of this quarter.
Eric K. Brandt: Well, today, we don't have any products selling in 28 nanometer. We are taping out about 65% of our products at 40 and below. We have a roadmap in 28 and maybe I'll refer to Scott to talk a little bit more about that.
Eric K. Brandt: Other than the second part of that restructuring charge, so the $6 million on top of the $17 million that we booked, I'm not aware of any. Had I been aware, we would have booked them already, so I'm not aware of any.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, what I would say is that it's spotty at this point. I think it's sort of lagging to the extent that there are spot-by opportunities. As a multi-foundry player, we can certainly take advantage of those, and we did in Q2 and Q3. So we're keeping our eyes open. Having said that, I think what we talked about a couple of years ago in terms of better design of our product as we move to 40 nanometer and optimizing some of the 65 and even optical shrinks to 60, that's one of the reasons why we've been able to hold our gross margin so rock-solid as our consumer businesses continue to grow as a percentage of our mix. And I think that, that will continue as we sort of roll into next year. And to the extent there is good foundry pricing, we will certainly be one of the first to jump on it.
Eric K. Brandt: Okay. So Stacy, typically the way it works is it would be the $45 million plus what we estimate roughly in terms of headcount growth and any sort of merit. So if you include the acquisitions we've done in Q -- we did in Q4 of last year, we're probably looking at about 8% or 9%, maybe 8.5% headcount growth and then a couple of 3%, 3.5% in terms of sort of a typical estimate on the merit side. So if you use 10% to 12% on a step-up on that $45 million, that's the way it should work now it begins to come down across the year somewhere between $10 million and $15 million a quarter in typically, probably the $10-ish million a quarter Q2, Q3 and Q4 depending on sort of how it runs its way out.
Eric K. Brandt: So the number I gave was GAAP, so it's both stock-based comp, fringe and merit, so it's altogether. Last year, the stock-based comp was about $15 million. But in there was part of our employee stock purchase plan adjustments. So and your number actually, I think, is off slightly. Quarter -- year-on-year, Q3 is, I think, 14% to 15%, but recall in Q4, we had 3 acquisitions closed and so that will dramatically slow the growth rate that you'll see relative to what you see Q3 over Q3. So if you take that $45 million and sort of do 10%, 12% on top of it, that's probably a good starting point for what those 3 pieces are on a GAAP basis. And if you want to assume that $12 million to $15 million of that is stock-based comp, that's probably decent starting point.
Eric K. Brandt: So we had always left open the opportunity to go to the capital market potentially for debt. We don't intend to use equity consistent with what we said. Today, we have $4.2 billion net cash outlay on this transaction. It's probably in the vicinity of 3.4. So we already have plenty of cash to do the deal, and we will generate, unless something strange happens, just based on the guidance, probably in the vicinity of $350 million to $450 million of cash flow in Q4.
Eric K. Brandt: Yes, the only -- I would say the standard margin actually as it turns out and going into Q4 is going up. And standard margin is defined as the underlying margin on the product mix adjusted including price. And the thing that's driving the flat to down guidance is the absorption of the overhead of manufacturing on a much lower revenue base. So in Q3, we benefited from an absorption impact offset by mix, as we saw very strong growth in consumer products. And in Q4, we actually have some benefit in standard margin offset by the absorption impact of the lower revenue on the overhead number.
