Thomas Krause: No, Ross, I think that's very fair. As we've seen operating margins and EBITDA margins continue to expand and you look at sort of the one-time items this year around the campus activity, some of things we're doing in the backend, the restructuring activities we've taken on, and you're going to see that continue to converge. I don't see the interest expense levels or other items that would tax rate dictate any expansion in that number. So I think as we get into the New Year and we update you on the financial model, I think there is certainly room for more conversions.
Thomas Krause: Toshiya, I wouldn't say its conservatism. If you look at the mix of business in the fourth quarter, obviously Wireless is a much larger percentage of overall revenue. Wireless traditionally, as I think you probably know does carry below average – below Broadcom average gross margins. And so when we see such a change in mix, you're going to see some pressures and headwinds on margins. I think despite all that, however, we're very confident that we can maintain relatively flat gross margins here, which are obviously running at record levels.
Thomas Krause: Yes, and Toshiya I think as you know in terms of capital allocation, we've focused on maintaining a balance between getting back 50% of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of the dividend and then focusing the balance of the 50% on M&A. And I think we continue to believe we can do that and do it successfully going forward, obviously Brocade is the latest instance of it, but we see an opportunity going forward to maintain that model.
Thomas Krause: Yes. Vivek, I think I’ll piggyback of Hock. It all ties back to the business model. And I've been here about six years and Hock has been here obviously over 10 years driving this model. And I think margins started out in the 30s, and Hock got here as gross margins that were in the 40s and I got here I mean the model continues to focus on investing in value added product development and delivering better value for customers and for us. So I think what you're seeing is constant increase in margins both gross margins and then with revenue growth in our operating margins. So we expect that to continue going forward.
Thomas Krause: Yes. Rom, we'll update this a bit next quarter, but obviously revenue has exceeded our expectations this year and as well ahead of what we would anticipate as long-term sustainable growth. So whenever you do that over a short period of time, you're going to look better on the OpEx side as a percent of revenue. I think if you focus on the dollars, what we've been saying, we continue to sort of hanging in around [7.75, 7.80] level. There's some puts and takes around project expense and when people come on board or leave, but at the end of the day, that's kind of where we're running and we'll give you an update on how we think about next year – next quarter.
Thomas Krause: Yes. We'd expect things to normalize this particular quarter, given where we are with our fiscal year-end and we see a big ramp at the end of Q3 and then it normalizes in Q4, so we would expect that to shake out and be more back to normal in Q4.
Thomas Krause: Yes, no change. I think Brocade just came out with their earnings results this afternoon as well. And the SAN business, which is the business we targeted with Brocade, continues to perform well and in line with our expectations. And so it's going to be a business we think generates $1.3 billion plus revenue and $900 million plus of EBITDA on a run rate once integrated. On timing, I think both Hock and I mentioned Q4, we're highly confident that we're going to be able to get there this quarter, obviously being delayed. No one likes that, but we are working through various approvals. We did get MOFCOM. What's left is CFIUS. CFIUS plays a very important role and we certainly respect that. And we’re in active dialogue, we’ve been through that with them multiple times before. And I think like we said, we’re pretty confident we're going to be able to get there this quarter.
Hock Tan: Good question. So far this thing – actually we have 19 product groups right now. Brocade would add a 20th one. And do we have capacity for more? Yes. Our machine is running very smoothly. We can certainly do more.
Hock Tan: Well, those are very good – those two products by the way is a whole – for each of them is a whole set of generation of Tomahawk switches and Jericho generally are router switches. So both are used in different place, and both are doing very, very well and are very well received in datacenters, both public datacenter – the public cloud datacenters as well as even private enterprises. And it's running very well. And in terms of ramp, see, we have constant upgrades to those products. We have launched since last year, Tomahawk and Tomahawk plus that’s Tomahawk I. We have launched this year Tomahawk II. We should be doing Tomahawk III by the end of this year. And it will keep going on as we engineer new innovative next-generation products for our cloud customers, especially our cloud customers who desire higher and higher throughput and bandwidth. And same applies to Jericho, which is a newer product, which is a routing products using aggregation and spine. And that's also going in the same direction as we create generation and potentially future generation of those products. So we see those two to maintain a very, very strong market position in the networking connectivity business.
Hock Tan: I would say we are very, very broadly positive about content growth, because this is the underpinning of our business model, which is using technology, leading-edge technology in very proven markets to keep driving innovation and performance for our key customers in each of those applications. We see that in networking. We see that in Enterprise Storage. We see that in even in Industrial and of course Wireless very much so. So that's the underpinning our business that every generation and every generation may spend annually to as long as, three, four years depending on the particular handset market segment it’s in, but it will happen. And each time it happens, we provide performance, we provide good value to our customers and that allows us in term to create a return on the investment in R&D, we make to generate that basically in higher content in the premium prices.
Hock Tan: That's the continuing challenge that applies not just to RF into our broadband access even into our networking business, which is the ability to deliver more and more value features and by extension content IP into our products. I do not see that stopping. Not visibility wise for the next three years.
Hock Tan: Vivek, let me add to that. Tom is exactly right in saying that, think about it. We’ve 19 product franchises. Each of them are in specific end markets. You might almost say niche markets in some cases. And we are always part of this niche markets and some of them end up as the mass market as the market moves to the niche we happen – to have picked. And it's about developing products using technology we have and continue to evolve the technology, which are the best, superb in those end markets we are in. We are number one typically in those end markets. Number one in technology leadership, number one in markets. And we keep investing again and again over the years to develop new product generation. We do not manage this business by numbers. We just manage it based on this model, based on addressing market demands and let the numbers fall where they may, as long as we believe, we're getting value and a good return on investment we make in those niches we are in. We just sustain those niches. And the numbers you see us roll together is what arises as an end result of this business model. We don't try to trade-off revenue against margin, that doesn't work. Is the basic business model that says in each of the 19 product groups we are in. We are the best than it is, and we get the bigger share and that market continues to need new product innovations and we supply it. And by doing that, the revenue is whatever the revenue turns out to be and the margin gets richer and richer as we provide more and more technology and the end result is consolidating all this 19 divisions, you get what we show you. And you get a gross margin that continues to expand as I mentioned because the nature of this technology markets enable us to keep evolving new products with higher content and a higher price premium.
Hock Tan: Romit, you got a very good question for which I don't have a very certain answer. But you're right. We were saying for the last couple of quarters, be careful about hard drive, it looks too good to be true. It would begin to look that way. And so, yes I tend to – like to agree with you to say that you may extend beyond Q4 to even Q1 next year and that will likely happen. Having said that year-on-year, our storage business seems to be what it should be, which is firm, but flattish. That's what we’d like to see Enterprise Storage over the long-term. What we see this year 2017 appears to be a bit of divergence from that, but I think we'll get back to normality perhaps in 2018 and to see being sort of flattish year-on-year, which is where Enterprise Storage should be as a very stable sustainable volume business.
Hock Tan: You’re asking very difficult question for me to try to answer, as I mentioned in the last time, we have multiple sockets in those high-end flagship status smartphones, multiple sockets, doing multiple key functions in those phones. So to be able to pickup one versus the other, they are different, you’re right. The first answer, so I can answer for broadly across except to say that broadly across as you go from one generation to the next in those flagship smartphones. The functions we do – drives towards more and more complexity, more and more functionality and certainly more and more performance. And to do it, chips get – the chips we do, the [indiscernible] we do on the case of cellular connectivity, in the case of wireless Bluetooth integrated chip, the same thing applies as we go from 802.11am first to ac, ac second wave and in the next year or two to ax. It goes for more and more performance, multiple users and with it, a larger and larger chip that require some more and more investment to make it performed and which allows us to ask for higher and higher price for the value we provide to the end-users. And the other thing, whether it's a WiFi, Bluetooth connectivity or GPS or RF analog which we also do or even the touch screen controller, all then have the same characteristics that each generation of phone requires more and more performance and complexity.
Hock Tan: I could give you something, but I've been a selfish person that I am in the biggest scheme of things. Why we hotchpotch of bunch will stop together, all of them very strategic to us. On one side we have networking, on the other side, we have broadband from set-top box to broadband access gateways, networking switches, routers, whether it's much in silicon or ASICs to interconnects, Fiber Optic interconnects and building block Physical Layer products and embedded SoC – embedded CPUs what it called use and things like VOIP phones and what it call point-of-sale terminal, you can see how broad it is. And to be honest, yes, we point out sort of always puts and takes and couple of product lines are strong, other products lines are strong and we'd like to give you a bit of color sometimes, I regret giving you too much color, because you will start thinking of new particularly and really it does – it have an impact in this particular quarter, but you may not impact the next quarter. You get what I mean, so yes, broadly look at it as a broad spectrum of Wired combining networking as well as access product lines and that just moves along in a very, very stable manner growing and demand from 5% to 10% on an annualized basis, best way to look at it, because it involved in it our product lines that grow very slowly and some that are very more exciting as you guys are laid upon. If I talk about the exciting things, you might extrapolate to see the whole 50% of our revenue growing like weed, when it doesn't. So I do want to be very careful in making sure I clarify all this for you guys.
Hock Tan: Customers wanting to do ASIC. In order to be honest, it’s harder and harder to do ASICs now from a broader industry trade. As you go from 28 nanometer, which seems our history to 16 nanometers to now, increasingly 10 and seven the costs of designing ASICs is exponentially growing. And you can probably understand why, as the process, and the process technology and equipment goes up very, very sharply. So unless you are a player, a system guy with very high volume of system OEM or even end-user with very large volume of a particular part is very expensive for you to want to do ASICs for your particular needs. And if you do, we're happy to address it, but we are finding out at this kind of the – at this stage a very high bandwidth because you need to address those high bandwidth, high throughputs, you need very advanced CMOS technology becomes very, very expensive. And to be honest, I think we can foresee a trend towards merchant silicon in those networking applications.
Hock Tan: You are obviously reading the signs out there all very correct that enterprise SSDs are very much in demand, very much in short supply, but nonetheless on the trend basis growing very rapidly and we are supplying a lot of the flash controllers into those assets – those SSDs among a particular – a few of those very successful SSD suppliers and ensure – and we are benefiting from the – and I agree we will. But again on the overall scheme of things, even in our storage business, it helps add to our total revenue of $700 million to $800 million every quarter, and we love that. Again the puts and takes in the overall scheme of things, and it helps us get our revenues, doesn't move the needle some, but not tremendously. But back again we see because we are the lead in the enterprise flash controllers, so we do get the benefit from that back to the franchise model with the lead – we had one with the technology and we keep put our head down and continue to grind and benefit from that growth. So we do see that growth.
Hock Tan: We have the same phenomenon, actually very powerful phenomenon. Well, the Korean customer, obviously, you have a range of phones from high-end flagship phones down to feature phones, low-end smartphones. And our products are very well represented in the markets we are good at. India flagship phones, still there. And our ability to keep driving away our new products, new technology continues unabated. Every year, new generation we’re there.
Hock Tan: Well, that's very interesting question. We are sampling our chips now. We're enabling the enterprise access points markets and trying to enable the – basically the enterprise access and markets in ax. And we are sampling now and we probably won’t get into production until around middle of next calendar year. And that's how long these things take because a lot of software, not just hardware, but we're very positive about it and we're pushing it very nicely.
