Hock E. Tan: Well, I guess the most of this one, Ross, is as we've always said, we're in the wireless business as we are in many of the other end markets we are in. Not as a mass-market supplier of standard commoditized components, but rather of specialized high-performance components, which typically ends up in relatively niche market applications in those areas we target. And no different in wireless. And here, our area of focus has always been, as we indicated, filters and duplexes. The FBAR duplexes that we are proprietary technology over. To the extent we sell power amplifiers, we sell it to facilitate our sale of duplexes. And either as a front-end modules, sell them on discrete basis. But really to push either FBARs as a package deal or, as I mentioned, paths or front-end modules. That announcement by one of this out, a very important partner for Avago on this product called RF 360 is largely a multiband, even multimode power -- largely power amplifier gain. It doesn't have filters, it doesn't have duplexes and we don't believe it would have given the unusual nature of filters and duplexes. So far from our point of view, Avago, it's not something we view obviously as intersecting or conflicting with the model we have. In fact, if anything else, we continue to see an interesting evolution of the wireless market and now particularly in the RF market given that the content in RF, be it power amplifier, switches or more so, duplexes, are exponentially increasing with the complexity of bands that comes on 4G/LTE implementations. So we do not see it having any major -- any significant impact on us. I don't know, and definitely not on our business model.
Hock E. Tan: Well, what I can tell you, Jim, is, which is the kind of input we get from our customers tends to be 3 months at a time. I don't think they have a very good visibility beyond that now, even if they do tell us, it doesn't necessarily mean that's what they will stick to or have any clear indication what it is. But what we do see for the rest of this quarter in our view is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, spending in enterprise, be it networking or storage, is flat, very flat by and large. While we are obviously guiding significant and meaningful step up in our shipment -- in our revenues, in wired infrastructure is largely driven, as I mentioned, via a product launch. In a way, a product launch and the decline in 10G and data center switching towards 40G -- the new generation of 40G data center switching. And then increased content -- substantially increased content we have in this new product launch. That's what's driving it. So other than that, no, I think much less you said it. Things are kind of flat at least for the next 3 months. Beyond that, I don't know. We do expect, I might add, that in carrier routing, especially building out back hauls in 4G/LTE networks, be it particularly in China, we do -- and even in the U.S., we do expect an increase in the levels of such spending. We have not seen -- we have seen spending trough, I should say, since over 6, 9 months ago. And -- but we also believe that it's time point to slowly step up. We start to see signs of that in China with China mobile, China telecoms. But I expect that build out to start coming in, in the second half of our fiscal year.
Hock E. Tan: Well, it's a tough question to answer. All we do see is, it's -- and there's a lot of some volatility, not a huge amount of volatility, but there's some -- there is definitely a certain amount of volatility in demand, in end demand as on -- as you run through each quarter and from quarter-to-quarter. And we do see that even on the resale side. Even though we recognize revenue on shipping, as I mentioned. But region wise, as I mentioned, we do see, on average, daily uptick in demand in China. However, what we unfortunately see on the other side of the picture is Europe and Japan is somewhat declining in that -- in those areas. And U.S., if there's a recovery, it is very slight. And as -- I won't use of word sustainable, maybe. But what we often see is there's a spike and it goes away. It's almost a specific applications, specific customers, specific programs might create a spike only to end, and something else created. But then so you -- you are seeing some level of volatility. And so when we mention all the things considered, all -- taking it all together, it's not the kind of uptick in demand that we saw after the downturn of 2009 that ran all the way to 2010. You had seen nothing like that at all. And maybe I am being conservative. But after, as you put it, the head fake of 2012, beginning of 2012, we're very careful about looking at this market in terms of claiming sustained bottom or sustained recovery after that.
Hock E. Tan: That's -- it's almost the same question of how many times I've beaten my wife. I don't know, I can only tell you what we saw and we have a pretty broad industrial product line. It's not that narrow, Vivek. We don't -- we not only do isolation, optical isolation, for inverters, server models [ph] and factory automations. We do motion encoders for all kinds of application, for all motor applications. We do industrial fiber for not only galvanic isolation but also across the board for, basically, factory controls and automation. And we do base LEDs that goes across a full range of industrial signage and indicator lights. I hate to say it, but we have a pretty full range of product that enters into a lot of end markets in industrial. And we know to track them very closely. And what I'll say, is we do not see industrial necessarily as collapsing. We see it as relatively, all things considered, flat. Why our revenue is not flat is because we have continued to destock at our distributors. And so since we recognize revenues from shipping, we see that the decline. But resale is not necessarily collapsing, but it's not recovering either. So the question is, is that strong sustained demand? I don't know. I mean, depends on the line -- if you have bookings out for the next 6 months that are firm, maybe you can make an indication on bookings for the next 3 months. I will tell you this, we have bookings but it doesn't show a positive uptrend on the nature we saw in the recovery in 2010 or that lead to part of 2009, when there was a clear recovery from an industrial downturn.
Hock E. Tan: Okay. Well, to answer your question, the simplest way to answer it is, I think, is a simple fact that we've indicated during Analyst Day. And you may recall that, Vivek, which was 3, 5 years ago, we would say that 2 bands. As you know, the spectrum for wireless communication is divided into bands. And there are bands in 2G, there are more bands in UMTS. And they're even more bands in 4G/LTE. And 3, 5 years ago, probably I would say 2, 3 bands would use FBAR on a regular sustained basis. Today, I would say that we probably have sockets that covers around 10 bands roughly, maybe even more. And so you can see the fairly significant or substantial increase -- and, of course, there are more phones being used out there but there are also more bands being used out there. But what's even more interesting as we pointed out, again and again, is there are those -- it's the same amount of space we have out there in terms of ether for carrying those microwaves. But the bands are multiplying very rapidly. Each band requires its own different modulation schemes. And so they are basically starting to interfere with each other, which increases the requirement for a much better filter or duplexer than has been required in the past, where we're running 2G with much less bands. So to put in a nutshell, you can see the increase in the requirements for much better filtering out there. We see that in many OEM customers, especially as they launch 4G handsets. And as they start using bands that start to interfere or squeeze into existing, I guess, spectrum. One clear example of that is WiFi, WiMAX. The WiFi, WiMAX spectrum frequency is squeezed by a couple of frequencies for cellular bands used in China, used in Europe. And what we're seeing is a lot of demand for smartphones that need to operate and roam in China, as well as in Europe. And I'm talking specifically on those bands. So to answer your question more particularly, the reason we are building more and more capacity is simply because we have designs, we have won designs, we have requirements from customers on designs that we are winning requiring us to put in -- to be able to supply more of those FBAR filters out there. And frankly, we're trying to expand as fast as we can to meet the time frame for which those demands are coming in.
Hock E. Tan: Okay. We feel actually very, very good about that about -- in both situations. We feel very good about our design win pipeline with those 2 large OEM customers.
Hock E. Tan: In handset RF business, in general, as a statement, Romit, you know as well as I do, the pricing environment for RF components, which is a huge market, huge TAM with few buyers, relatively speaking, is an extremely competitive environment. I mean, is extremely competitive. And interesting enough, as I say, within the context of our business model, which is to basically go in and charge price premium, we participate in this market because we have been, and we believe we continue to be able to develop and sell particular components, in this case, filters or filter combined power amplifiers, that provides much higher performance, unique performance characteristics over our competition. And that's how we've -- we compete and we can still compete very effectively. But outside of that, yes, we face a very competitive environment and we have always faced them. Romit, it hasn't really changed dramatically.
Hock E. Tan: Well, we generally don't give you guys guidance beyond 1 quarter, largely because we could be wrong. We don't want to give you that kind of impact because of the nature of the business. But broadly, we can look back at events and probably see themselves repeating. And the product transition, 1 interesting question that was asked of me earlier on in this Q&A session, that we see occurring this quarter, Q2, occurred in Q3 last year. And if you look at context of what happened after Q3 last year, you see the launch of the -- and the ramp of the new generation products, which ramped very nicely, very strongly. And we showed -- we presented a very strong set of results for wireless business in Q3 and Q1 and the 2 quarters following their product transition. We do not see any reason why there is not a similar pattern or trend for this year as well, which is after transitioning Q2, we do not see why Q3 and Q4 would not follow the trend of what happened last fiscal year. And that's for wireless. In the case of wired to hover back [ph] and indicate, again, this is not a forecast but I'm just, in a sense, amplifying on the comments I made to earlier questions, which is simply that we see carrier routing to probably start to improve in the back half of the fiscal year. As I mentioned, we started to -- we have started to see some signs of that happening, especially in China back haul LTE spending as it is. We probably start to see some of that in North America as well in the back half if the carriers launch their forecast CapEx plans on -- more bandwidth and more routing. And we see some of the new programs coming in data center spending. We see a lot of interest build outs of large-scale data centers, which, because of its scale, will require launch of new programs, new platforms in data center switching, which we are very well embedded with our ASICs and proprietary fiber. So I like to see that opportunity -- I probably like to see that opportunity happen in the back half or later part of the fiscal '13. In industrial, I've no basis to one way or the other to tell you where things will hit, other than to say that China is continuing to recover, offsetting it seems to be a weakness in a couple other regions. And they both -- they kind of washout. We kind of seen -- or will likely see close at hand and probably no reason to see otherwise a flat industrial as we progress through the rest of the fiscal year. But again, this is just a guess. This is not a forecast.
Hock E. Tan: Well, industrial, as I've indicated to you guys, sitting here right now, I mean, we see increased demand, doesn't mean we believe it. We still believe it's a bit of a head fake. We could be wrong. We are playing in the side of conservatism now and basically saying things will be kind of flattish.
Hock E. Tan: Well, our market in China is largely simply twofold. One is we do the high-end smartphones, as you would have guessed. And be they in China and some of it exports but a lot of in China, like [indiscernible] and among others. And then we also do -- because of historical requirements on CDMA for FBAR, we do CDMA, as well as PCS kind of opportunities. Outside of that, which is a lot of UMTS 3G business and obviously, 2G business, we do very little.
Hock E. Tan: Okay. Well, in this season of -- well, in this time of relative weakness and seasonality, which is this first part of the calendar year, lead times are pretty -- are relatively short. I would say lead times are about 4 to 6 weeks in that range, it may have pulled in slightly from what was pre-Christmas. But it's not -- there's no shortage of parts at this point, let's put it is this way.
Hock E. Tan: I'll take that in 2 parts. Carrier aggregation has been talked about a lot and will likely happen. We haven't seen much of that happening yet. And we are obviously very hopeful it will add more requirements in terms of performance required -- demanded of the component, the RF components and we're pretty sure we do need higher performance. Whether this will be translated into higher demand and revenue for FBAR products, we will see. We don't have -- we have not experienced that uptick yet. But that's probably because carrier aggregation is still a dot in the eye of many of us. But it will probably happen. It will happen sooner or later. And we are hopeful that it has -- it will drive -- it will be a good tailwind to demand for high-performance FBAR products. And will soft filters do it? Yes, some of it depending on the bands. Again, it's a very complex answer to answer. Some soft filters will work on part of it. But on an overall basis, the need for high-performance FBAR will increase.
Hock E. Tan: Yes. Let's take the second and final question first. Very, very slow in typical enterprise manner. They'll launch a program and it will take a while for that program to gear up to speed. Some of these programs have launched 6 months ago and we are starting to see real activity now. And that's part of what we're experiencing here and you'll probably see some of that out in the marketplace. It's a long lead time kind of business and usually. It's usually a big ramp followed by -- and that may last for 2 quarters followed by a slight rollover and then it stabilizes and starts -- increasing over time as it replace existing generation system. That's typically the cycle that it follows. No different, I believe, in what we are seeing now. With 40G data center switching platforms that's coming into play, which a lot of this big data center build-out guys are very, very interested in buying. And in terms of the ASIC that goes in those products, as many of our product, like typical enterprise products, our cycle here is 18 weeks, typically, 1-8. Very complex, very, very difficult products to build, not to mention, design. Manufacturing cycle time can run from 15 to 20 weeks. So I'm giving you a midpoint of about 18 weeks. So we get backlog in place in a fairly extended timeframe.
Hock E. Tan: Oh, well, we keep doing that. By the way, our FBAR unit cost keeps going down as we progress every year. And as we scale up in capacity, that drives it down even more. But more than that, we go into new processes. Every year, we have a new generation of FBAR process that enables us to shrink the die, to make it much more competitive. And we need to do it simply because, I mean, the demand we are seeing and we are anticipating will -- is fairly significant -- substantial versus the capacity even we are putting in place. And as I'm sure you all know, we don't build the capacity with the hope of demand showing up at the front door. We have a pretty clear line of sight of what we're earmarking this increased capacity for and we're building towards that. So -- and we have plenty of demands for those products that we make on those things. But when -- we talked about lower margins and all that is, as I mentioned many times before and is particularly true in 3G UMTS, we sell FBAR, we also sell power amplifiers that goes hand in hand. Either in the front end modules or sometimes in a bundle. And so the power amplifier does dilute our FBAR margin, no surprise, as you can see there. And where we don't feel that, that dilution is warranted is when we walked away from the business.
Douglas R. Bettinger: It's hard to break it apart for us, Chris. I mean, we really do think about in 3 discrete end markets.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Right now, on a sequential basis, Mark, that business is running pretty flat, call it $4 million, $5 million a quarter, so it's pretty flat. So what you see, the down $2 million to $5 million, is pretty much the core business.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. A year ago, and you can see this in our filings from a year ago. I think Q2, the consumer business was about $30 million and now it's down to $5 million, so you can do the math on that.
Douglas R. Bettinger: FBAR gross margin, Mark, by and large is better gross margin product. So more important than I think you're asking kind of about fab utilization question, but that kind of a tactical quarter-by-quarter. We believe in the future, we will be shipping a greater percentage of FBAR in terms of the total mix of wireless and that's good for margin.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, that's our expectation. When you run fabs, you kind of like to run them around 80% utilization on average, and you never get it perfect. And we'll have quarters where we're running over 100%. And we may be building a little inventory for a ramp in the back half of the year, that's kind of typical. You saw us do that last year, you may see us do it again. But on average, to run fab and manage your resources properly, 80% is kind of where you want to be. And hopefully, that's how we're going to manage Fort Collins.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, Doug, we can't comment on that. That stuff is too confidential. We're confident in the back half revenue, I think, is all we're going to say.
