Scott McGregor: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Broadcom had a solid March quarter with slightly better revenue and profitability than we originally anticipated. Broadcom continues to benefit from powerful long-term trends in all 3 of our business segments. We see increasing attach rates for our wireless connectivity devices in phones, tablets, connected home and consumer electronics products. Data Center buildouts are continuing at a rapid pace and service providers are upgrading their networks to manage the explosive growth in mobile data.  In the Home, international growth and the migration to HD continue to drive demand for our highly integrated and cost-effective solutions. You can see the momentum building around Broadcom from our design win traction. Following record design wins in 2010, we achieved record design wins across all 3 of our business units in Q1. Our focus remains to create innovative communications products that enable us to grow our market share while maintaining strong profitability. Financially, we remain focused on running our business within the operating margins we outlined on Analyst Day. To that end, we are maintaining a tight rein on our overall spending growth as shown by our Q1 results and Q2 guidance for R&D and SG&A spending.  I'll now turn the call over to Eric for details on the first quarter results and second quarter guidance.
Scott McGregor: I think you're right. If you go back over a number of years, you see a seasonal increase on our revenue, typically in the second quarter where about the numbers you said. As I mentioned earlier, we are seeing growth in our Broadband business. We said in our last call that we expected the business to rebound in the second quarter and we still believe that will occur. So we feel comfortable on that. In the Infrastructure business, it's roughly flat, maybe down a little bit. The softness is really coming from the wireless -- Mobile & Wireless space, and we see that both in the combo products area as well as the cellular baseband area due to softness at a number of our larger customers. And what's interesting is we believe that we're holding share or even gaining share. And so we don't see this as a share-related issue, but more of an issue with these key customers in terms of some of what they've guided to in the quarter and what they expect for their products in the quarter.
Scott McGregor: Yes, we don't guide for the full year, so a little hard to say there. Overall, though, I do believe we're picking up share. We're already very strong share in the larger customers and very few that we're missing at this point. We are picking up share with a number of the Chinese handset makers though as they move from discrete solutions more to combo solutions, so we actually see share gain. As to how that compares for the full year, it's hard to say. We don't guide that in general, but it would be hard to say what that would be anyway. We'll have to see how the year plays out.
Scott McGregor: Well, it's hard to speak for particular customers, and we'll have to see how they do. There is still market growth expected. I mean we do expect to see some share gains as we continue to roll out across some of our major customers. But the exact number for the year, we'll have to see how that plays out, and again we don't guide that.
Scott McGregor: Let me see if I can help you a little bit there. The connectivity tends to be biased towards the high end of the cellular market towards the smartphones. Typically the smartphones will have the features like wireless LAN and GPS. Bluetooth is pushing down more into the feature phone space. It's got 100% penetration in the smartphones and then as you move down into the lower tiers of phones, it tends to have lower penetration. So our connectivity business is disproportionately in the high end of the space. Broadcom's baseband business tends to be more in the mid-range space. We don't play in the very low end and we're not playing at the very high end today. And again as you mentioned, we are targeting things like cost-effective Android solutions and we're still optimistic on that and believe that will be a good business for us going forward.
Scott McGregor: Broadcom believes that application processors will be integrated typically with basebands. At the very high end, that's probably not true. I think they'll remain discrete for a while, but we believe for the volume part of the smartphone market and the high-end feature phone market, we're going to see an integration of processors and basebands and other capabilities. And that plays very well to Broadcom as we have the IP portfolio to be able to do the integration of lots of different things and create very cost-effective cellular SoCs. And so for us, we've announced a number of chips and I mentioned a few of those in my earlier remarks. I believe you'll see revenue coming from those primarily next year. I don't think -- you might see a little bit this year, but it's primarily a next year effect when you'll see revenue driven from that.
Scott McGregor: So in our last call 3 months ago, we mentioned that there was an inventory issue and it was limited to a very narrow set of the customer base. We believe that 1 or 2 customers got ahead of themselves there and probably ordered more than they turned out that they needed. And so that's why we have the confidence to say that we thought it was a 1 quarter inventory effect and that we would rebound in the second quarter and indeed, that's what we believe has happened today, and we think that's behind us at this point.
Scott McGregor: I'm going to decline to comment on that. I don't particularly want to identify the customers on that, but it was in our Broadband -- it was in our Broadband space.
Scott McGregor: Thanks for asking that question. I believe there is some misconceptions in terms of our position and how that customer's strategy affects our business prospects. Nokia has really separated into 2 businesses and they have a high-end phone business, which they've said will move over time towards Microsoft Windows. And then they have a feature phone business, which is primarily S40 based today, Symbian 40 based today. And that business will stay with S40 and that's the business where we have the majority of our EDGE design wins that ship over the next year or so, and our 3G wins as well. So the part of Nokia's businesse thats moving to Windows is where we don't have particular cellular baseband penetration today, and frankly becomes more of an opportunity for us going forward if we can provide Windows-based solutions for Nokia. That's up to them, of course, but we would certainly like to view that as an opportunity for us going forward. Meanwhile, the main volume part of Nokia's business, where they said they will increase their investment, is the part of the business where we have baseband exposure. And so we believe our share remains intact with that business for the foreseeable future. Obviously, Nokia will decide on suppliers over time, but basically the move to Microsoft Windows does not affect our primary baseband business at Nokia.
Scott McGregor: We absolutely see China as an opportunity continuing to go forward, both the triple network convergence that you alluded to there. There's a cable opportunity in China. There is DSL opportunity. There is DSLAM opportunity. A variety of things there as the government encourages a lot of the carriers in China to populate broadband connections into their population. A very strong push for that as they push to get the population on the Internet. In India, we see more opportunities in the satellite space. So that's another opportunity I would highlight there. And then Europe in general, that's been an area where we have lower market share than, for example, the United States. And so that's an opportunity for us going forward with some of the Sky properties and other carriers there. So I would say a good percentage of our growth over the next couple of years will come from international expansion, but don't discount the ongoing SD to HD conversion that's going on as not only do we see some of the cable operators move more towards HD but reclaim some of their analog spectrum and move to digital, which triggers a replacement cycle across not only the set-top boxes in people's homes but also the infrastructure side as well.
Scott McGregor: I don't see it as a competitiveness issue for us. And in terms of Japan, I believe that Broadcom with the hard work of our operations team and our engineering team, we've managed to find alternate sources for supply and locked down enough supply. We're pretty comfortable with our ability to supply parts. I think the challenge for us and I think many of our peers on the Japan issue is that if our customer gets all but 1 of the parts they need to build a box, even if we're able to supply, there is a risk that they aren't able to ship the box. And so that's where I have concern, not so much on our ability to supply our competitiveness. I think we're fine there and it will be a question of whether all the box makers can find all the parts they need over the next couple of quarters. I think Japan is probably a 1 or 2 quarter issue for the industry, and I think by fourth quarter that should all be resolved. People will either have qualified other sources or moved on in the design, so I believe it's a relatively short-term effect.
Scott McGregor: Craig, over time we expect that to be a pretty significant business. It's our goal to be a major player in the cellular SoC space, including basebands and integrated application processors and other technologies. We've said in earlier calls that it is our goal at this point to broaden our customer base beyond the 2 large ones that we've announced, and we believe we are making progress in that area. We've focused on a variety of customers and on China in particular, and we have a number of additional design wins. As to our normal fashion, we don't generally announce those until they ship. There is 1 customer in Japan that has begun shipment, but we haven't done an announcement on that yet. But we're just beginning to see those products coming to market. So we believe we will be successful broadening our customer base on our cellular business and it's natural as you'd expect with application processors and connectivity and the full solution I mentioned, which includes radios and power management and NFC and a whole range of technology. We've got a great set of solutions that we believe will be attractive to a wide range of customers increasingly over time.
Scott McGregor: In the connectivity space, the combo products have been extremely popular and now outsell the discrete components in that space. And we don't give a breakout of the specifics there, but our highest volume chips in all of Broadcom tend to be our combo products right now like the 4325, 4329 and probably the 4330 going forward. Those are extremely high-volume chips for us.
Scott McGregor: Broadcom is very interested in LTE. We supplemented the organic development in LTE we had ongoing with the acquisition of Beceem . Beceem is a company that was doing both WiMAX and LTE development, and we will continue the WiMAX with the existing WiMAX customers, but the team will primarily focus on LTE going forward. We believe we'll be able to provide very interesting LTE solutions. And again, as is our norm, we don't announce products generally before they go to market, but you can count on us being focused on delivering LTE products to the market.
Scott McGregor: So networking, that's a pretty broad area, but let me try and help you out there. I mean there's a lot of phenomena that are contributing to growth in networking. One is just the amount of data that every -- that all of us are consuming and the amount of video data is really driving up the overall bandwidth in the world infrastructure. And that plays really well to all our switches and optical networking and Broadcom really is the backbone for the Internet and the backbone for a lot of the infrastructure connections for cellular, for all the wired connections and so forth. So that's a great opportunity there. And that's upgrading to -- in the Data Centers to 10 gig and beyond, backplanes upgrading, switches, fabric. We're now seeing cloud computing really come into play. And as people create the cloud data centers, they have need for extreme scalability on switches and fabrics. And we believe Broadcom is really the only company out there that has the products that can really deliver for that kind of scale in that space. In terms of the ability to go after the captive markets, whether it's in networking or other areas, I think over time, there's a real advantage for merchant silicon. Our ability to integrate a lot of different IP, our ability to support and aggregate the needs of lots of different customers and provide those capabilities, we believe over time, we will be able to gain share in the captive market and move towards merchant silicon. We don't have anything specific to announce there, but we believe we are making ongoing progress in that space.
Scott McGregor: We see that continuing without a huge impact there. You have to remember that Japan is a fairly large country and not all of Japan was affected by the quake, even though very serious impact to the northeastern part there. So we do continue to see orders from our Japanese customers. They do continue to build product. And so we see that continuing there. Will there be some effect? Probably. Broadcom's exposure to Japan is in the low single-digit percentage. So I expect that our impact will be less than perhaps many others. But we do see that business ongoing.
Scott McGregor: Let me clarify there. When we look at our combo chips, we apportion the revenue of combo chips into wireless LAN and Bluetooth and GPS, et cetera. So when we say that wireless LAN improved, we mean that both the combo, the combined combo and discrete part of wireless LAN improved. We don't separate the 2 there. So GPS, we are moving more towards combo there. We still have a relatively higher percentage discrete in GPS, although moving rapidly to combo. In wireless LAN, the majority of our business is combo. And so when we say that improved, you can probably assume that combo improved from that statement. In terms of channel inventory, we don't see any unusual channel inventory for our combo chips. People consume those fairly quickly, and we're not aware of anybody inventorying large numbers of those. So I would say we have healthy inventory situation in our combo chips.
Scott McGregor: We do have a high market share in our combo chips and we believe that's because we have really good solutions there, and we are absolutely keeping up the R&D on that. We're coming out with a variety of new combo chips. It's interesting a lot of our competitors will announce a combo chip as their sole product in that space. And we, at this point, have quite a few different combo chips that are tuned for different market segments. And one of the important things in the connectivity space is giving the customer a full matrix to choose from. So for example, some of our customers want Bluetooth and GPS, and they want to buy the wireless LAN separate from that because in the low-end phones they want to put a basic b/g wireless LAN and the high-end phones they want to put either 1 by 1n or a 2 by 2 in the very high-end devices and tablets. And so, Broadcom, unlike a lot of our competitors, is able to provide a complete matrix plug-and-play across the matrix. Common software, common test frameworks, common drivers that allow a customer to basically field their entire connectivity set of products with minimal rework. And I believe that will be a sustainable advantage for quite some time going forward. We also keep pushing the technology. I mean here's a great example. Our GPS supports GLONASS, as I mentioned, as well as the U.S. Satellite System. But unlike some of our competitors, we support both at the same time. And if you're in an urban canyon, it's critical that you be able to see at least 3 satellites to get a fix or 4 to get motion. And so if you can only look at GLONASS or the U.S. independently, you're not going to really get the number of satellites up. But if you can look at both constellations simultaneously and mix and match, you have a dramatically better product. And so, for example, our GPS products today are dramatically better than competitor GPS products because of that simultaneous GLONASS and U.S. satellite constellation. So we'll continue to push technologies there. We've talked about some of the technologies in the wireless LAN space. There is other opportunities. Certainly NFC is an interesting opportunity going forward and there are many more. So we believe we have by far the highest R&D in the combo space and a great team, and we're doing a great job integrating them. And we don't promise to get 100% market share going forward, but we're not going to cede any of that share easily.
Scott McGregor: I would say that Broadband was down in Q1 approximately as we anticipated and is coming back in Q2 approximately as we anticipated, so I don't think there's anything unusual there. I think that business is on track with expectations. I think the softness is really coming from the Mobile & Wireless business for the reasons we've mentioned.
Scott McGregor: I would say none of the above. I'd say that our top customers have reported softness in the second quarter and that's what this is all about. So to the extent that they no longer have soft quarters in the future, I don't see any share changes. I'd say we pick up when they pick up. So in the longer-term future, there are a lot of opportunities to grow with additional baseband customers, increasing application processor sales. There's a lot of great opportunities going forward. But in the near term, we believe it's simply softness in some of the key customers as we mentioned.
Scott McGregor: Sure, let me try to help you on that. I think that the market overall for the industry in NFC is going to start off as discrete devices simply because they'll come to market sooner, they're easier for people to just add in to existing products and it just makes more sense. Over time, we believe the NFC is a technology that will naturally make sense to go into connectivity combo chips. It has some similarity with some of those in terms of antenna requirements and other things, and so there's some advantages including it in combo chips. Broadcom has a very strong combo strategy, so it's a natural for us to think of it going into combo chips over time. So I would expect in the long run, I'd expect a lot of the NFC reader business to be in combos. Now the NFC tags are very low-cost things that could be in posters or other kinds of things. I expect that to remain discrete for the foreseeable future, so you really need to differentiate between the reader market and the tag and of course in NFC you can be both a reader and a tag simultaneously. For reader tag combinations, that's a natural thing to put into combo chips. Readers make sense in combo chips and the tags themselves could be in combo chips, but again, if you're trying to get something in a poster, you're really driving ultra low cost and you're going to try and drive that price down to $0.10 or something like that. And so that probably makes sense to keep discrete. Broadcom hasn't announced our particular chips and how we plan to serve that market, but as I've said in my remarks, we're very interested in this market, and we believe it could be a good adder going forward. We see it as adding to the ASP of combo chips and to the extent we do discrete chips, it would be discrete separate revenue.
Scott McGregor: You've got a lot of questions embedded in there. Let me try and help you the best I can. I believe QCT guided flat to slightly down for the second quarter. They have some overlap with us on customers and some customers that we have that they don't and vice versa, so there's certainly some effects there. ASP is always a factor, but that's not the predominant factor that we see. I would go back and say, we can't elaborate a lot, but based on the significant customers we have, we're seeing that they have some softness in the next quarter and that's what's reflected in our revenues. And I don't see it as a particular ASP issue. In terms of margins, we don't see any particular unusual thing going on in margins there. We've been able to balance our portfolio and as you can see in our financials, we try and maintain our margins within the range we talked about at Analyst Day, and I don't see why we wouldn't be able to do that going forward.
Scott McGregor: We see the PC market as maintaining. The Bluetooth and wireless LAN sales we have in there, we continue to do well. We believe we're approximately holding share in that space. I think to the extent that tablets take over netbooks and notebooks, that will be beneficial for us because we generally have a higher share in tablets than we do in the PC market. We have a very high share in the tablet market with our combo chips, and so any trend moving from PCs to tablets should be beneficial for us.
Scott McGregor: We don't break out the specific numbers on that, but I would say that our EDGE products still outnumber our 3G products. Over the course of next year, I'd expect that trend to reverse and sell more 3G than 2G. And then the following years, I'd expect to migrate increasing 3G and start to sell some 4G.
Scott McGregor: I don't know the exact number on that, but I would say the overwhelming majority of smartphones and tablets basically design our combo chips in at this point. We're in almost everyone of the top 20 customers across all the different operating systems. And so we have pretty good share, and again we will, as I mentioned on an earlier question, we will fight very hard to keep that.
Scott McGregor: So I would expect that there are probably some smaller companies and competitors of ours that are going to have some trouble in front-end and back-end sourcing, but I believe we've done a great job and I don't expect that we will.
Scott McGregor: Thank you, Manisha. In closing, I'd like to leave you with a few thoughts. Broadcom is in the fast-growing wired and wireless communications markets, and our cutting-edge solutions are enabling more content and bandwidth and these are strong, long-term trends. We have strong design win momentum. I mentioned earlier that we had, not only record design wins last year, but record design wins in the first quarter. And so we believe that momentum is building for our products going forward. We're rapidly deploying new competitive 40-nanometer parts, which we think differentiate us from a number of our competitors. We excel at silicon integration. Our focus remains on creating outstanding communications products that enable us to grow our market share. Thank you very much, and have a good day.
Eric Brandt: Yes, we don't provide guidance past the current quarter. I think I said last quarter that we expected that our operating expense growth would be more moderate than what we saw last year. I think you're seeing that already, certainly in Q1 and in Q2. And we'll keep a tight rein on it, as Scott was alluding to, over the course of the year. But I think we're running favorable to what most people had in their models already and I suspect that we will probably run at roughly the same rate as what I said last time, which is slightly attenuated from last year.
Eric Brandt: So if you look at our GAAP tax rate, what I've said in the past on the GAAP tax rate is our cash tax is relatively constant. It sort of runs from $20 million to $30 million a year and that's pretty much where it is. Recall back, when I joined the company, we moved away from non-GAAP, didn't spend a lot of time thinking about it and focused purely on GAAP. As we continue to do more acquisitions and purchase accounting begins to affect our financials where we're sort of at a point now where I think we need to look back at the non-GAAP financials a little bit more so you can see the underlying economics of the business. And as we drilled in and looked at the tax rate, I think the GAAP tax rate is pretty stable, at least for the foreseeable future. And I don't know why we would use a tax rate above that. I don't have any substantiation for a tax rate. We've been running 2% to 3% versus tax rate on a pro forma basis, which has been 10%. So from our perspective, I think you can use the GAAP tax rate. It's pretty stable and for the foreseeable future, I don't see it changing.
Eric Brandt: So, John, actually there is favorability of legal in Q1 and Q2 as it begins to step down as we don't have those expenses further. Fringe does step down, but it begins to step down at a lower rate. So probably the best way to do it, just absent additional guidances is to take what we said in Q1 and Q2, step it down and run it off the same slope you have in your model because I can't provide additional guidance. I think with that, absent further information, I think that's a reasonable number to start from and then we can talk more as we have more information over the course of the year. But so you've got to step down of Q1 and Q2 as favorability in absolute spending. Don't assume that we're going to try to make that up in the back half of the year so that, that favorability will carry its way through. And we'll see how the rest of the year plays out. But I do think that there are some benefits and some other things that go into expenses over the course of the year and to the extent that we can drive more tapeouts of 40-nanometer products that would be good for the business.
Eric Brandt: So we picked up probably right around 100 people, maybe a little less. I think that given the nature of the inventory they're carrying and the purchase price, you could see north of 100 basis points impact just on acquisition charges to the gross margin line on a GAAP basis. Interestingly, on a non-GAAP basis, it will be accretive to gross margin. So these things will wash their way out and then the gross margin will bounce down -- will come down and bounce right back up, well not right back up but will bounce back up over time. In terms of operating expenses, we haven't given more details on the parameters. I'll provide that later, probably -- certainly next quarter. But it's a reasonable sized business and you could probably back into what their expenses are with roughly 100 people or so.
Eric Brandt: I would say right now for Q2 upper single-digit millions. And that's for the 2 months we'll have it.
Eric Brandt: So, Tim, just a little data. I mean if you look at Q1, we were up $36 million, $37 million. Fringe and vacation accrual is $36 million of that number and stock-based comp is $15 million. So that means that we were actually up $50 million between those 2 numbers together, $52 million, and then we actually posted up $36 million, $37 million, which means that we were managing our expenses reasonably tight, and some of that quite frankly is a normal seasonal shift, seasonal down in tapeouts in Q1 as people rush to get their tapeouts done for their MBOs in Q4. As we look at the rest of the year, I think you can -- again, we don't provide guidance for the rest of the year, but I would say, probably the best thing to do at this point in time is take your model, step it down based on Q1 and Q2 results and run the same slope. Having said that, we remain committed to run our business between 20% and 22% non-GAAP, which is what we said at Analyst Day, and we will manage our business as best we can to do that, bearing in mind that we have very significant fixed costs. But we're committed to run our business fiscally correctly and consistent with what we communicated to our investors on Analyst Day. And to the extent that revenue in the industry is a little bit weaker, we'll manage costs a little bit tighter and to the extent that revenue picks up in Q3 and those couple of customers that are sort of a little soft in Q2 begin to pick up in Q3. We'll probably turn on some spending. But again as we said on Analyst Day, we'll try to keep the spending rock behind the revenue curve as best we can from here.
Eric Brandt: So you can see our inventory levels came down about $50 million. Our turns went up about 0.1 of a point. We'll try to manage our inventory reasonably tight around where it is on a turns basis, perhaps a little bit better. Interestingly over the last year, the amount of hubbing inventory we are carrying for customers has doubled, so that does affect our turns to some degree. In terms of constraints, as Scott mentioned, a relatively small amount of our business is exposed with some constraints going into Q2. I can't speak for Q3 at this point, but I think our operations team has done an excellent job at making sure that we've secured supply and that we are really leveraging the strength of our engineering organization to rapidly and on an expedited basis qualify second sources, which I think is a unique capability to a company of our size.
