Hock Tan: We don’t really have visibility that far out, Blayne all the way out to April, but we do have pretty clear visibility frankly in this Q1 fiscal 2015 in terms of backlog from customers, forecast some certain customers. And particularly when you have a fab that’s running full, you get pretty good -- you get very good visibility for the quarter of that period. Right now Q1 as we see it, we see sustaining the levels pretty much of what we saw in Wireless of Q4. And that’s not dissimilar from what we saw a year ago.
Hock Tan: Again to try to give you -- to try and answer your question in a couple of sentences, the answer is the demand for I guess high performance filters is the best way to describe it, very high performance filter, especially into LTE bands, be they China or beyond China is very strong, has been very strong since last quarter. It continues to be extremely strong, particularly with the full launch in late Q4, in Q4, our Q4 that is of the next generation smartphone from the North America, that certain North American OEM. And that demand has -- as far as we see, continues to sustain.  So the strong demand for high performance filters and we know there are competitors out there, be they BAW or on a limited basis, TC temperature compensated source. And I mentioned it on a limited basis because obviously with our fab full, we can only supply so much short term, though our plans to increase the fab will enable us as time progresses fairly rapidly to be able to address the markets in a normal basis. But short term is not or as the seasonal uptick is not happening, which basically lead some certain other customers, potential customers to perhaps look for alternatives and they do. Having said that, we believe the performance of our FBAR far surpasses anybody else and if there’s a choice, we do get selected. If not, good enough might do.
Hock Tan: The overall trend towards pad architecture as RF architecture using pads as you all know, power amplify duplex modules that is, is increasing. The trend towards this will occur more and more and won’t be just restricted to any particular phone maker. And the simple reason is simply because while the overall number of phones out there are kind of flattish to maybe single digit growth, the switch, the conversion of feature phones, low end phones towards smartphones is happening fairly rapidly and especially smartphones which goes higher and higher end. People require roaming features which means importing bands that are not just unique to a particular local country or carrier, but multiple carriers globally. And the content in every smartphone will have to increase.  So RF components as we all know and has been evident the last 12 months, RF component demand has been very strong. And even within RF components, filter demand is still particularly strong because while in semiconductor processes or in semiconductor typical trend, you can and do integrate chips functionality together. For instance multiple -- one power amplifier can support multiple modes, multiple bands. In filters, you need one separate filter for every single band. And as more and more bands enter smartphones, which are expected to roam multiple continents, multiple carriers, the sheer content of filters in each smartphone will increase, especially when you go to 3G, 4G now and potentially forward in the future. So the trend is towards more and more content increase. 
Hock Tan: Yes, we are and we have quite totally different model from the rest of the world too by the way, Romit. To answer you seriously, we have a range. We have four end markets as you know and give you a sense. One extreme side which is Wired or enterprise networking on the ASIC side, especially on service side, of course we’ll be spending R&D in the mid-20s. Really not much different from many of our peers in that area. We do spend that. And then on the other extreme, industrial which tends to be very analogue, in our case extremely 35 compound semiconductor analogue, not just silicon analogue, we spend single digits in R&D of revenue. And the others are somewhere in between. So we average out 13%, 14%.  A big part of it frankly is on the standard products we drive in Wireless as an example, we get huge revenue scale up, real operating leverage in specific areas where the volume is high. So when you look at this range of products we are in and obviously enterprise storage and Wireless falls in between the extremes of industrial and networking, ASIC especially. All the rest fall between, we just average out 13%, 14% R&D spend. And we believe we’re spending at a fairly comfortable level because the comment I made at the beginning of my remarks, we’re running ahead of our financials, achieving financial synergies with this integration.  We’re running ahead of it and it also, because of that, allows us a lot of flexibility, not that we need that to do it because we always have the habit of investing a lot more even into our core businesses to defend it and strengthen it even more. We’re not being -- we’ve never been cheap about doing it. Where the difference we don’t see the business, we developed it. We divest it then we don’t spend it anymore, but where the businesses that are core, believe me we will invest what we need to continue to lead in technological leadership, which is central to this entire business model.
Hock Tan: To be direct and I made the comment right upfront when I talked about Wireless, we don’t know. We don’t have that clear visibility. I like to say that this year repeats from last year and you know how last year’s cycle is and I get that’s why you’re driving this particular question. And so keeping that in mind, I’ll answer you this which by itself tells you something, we don’t know. We don’t really know. And that’s why even in Q1 as we forecast Wireless, and please don’t read too much in what I’m trying to tell you then, when I purposely stated in my Q1 Wireless for this particular quarter. Right now our sense is Wireless is flattish. It could be down slightly, but you’re talking about a fairly substantial number either way. Right now, sitting here right now, we think it’s flattish. I could be wrong even then sitting here right now. And I definitely would be in no position to give you a sense of what Q2 is at this point.
Hock Tan: It’s really not very significant material and in fact all of the foregoing. We just have to say it’s a one-time non-recurring thing. It’s our last time buying on a legacy program by a customer, which won’t recur. It’s just significant enough for industrial to tweak the thing, which is why I took pains to explain that for industrial, we expect Q1 to be declining low single digits sequentially. Instead, with this thing thrown in, becomes increasing single digit sequential. So you can probably guess at the size of the number of this particular item. And I really don’t mean it to be anything to be misleading or anything else. It’s just not worth talking about. 
Hock Tan: We’re on product allocation as we sit here right now. So I guess yeah, the lead times have changed pretty significantly. It has extended up.
Hock Tan: We are managing that very closely and managing that very tightly because we have pretty good sense for -- one of the benefits is that a large part of our revenues are coming from a few large guys and believe me we support these few large guys extremely well when we know what they need precisely. There’s also other portion of it that might not be so well managed simply because they’re more fragmented and that’s the area obviously that we do worry about. The positive side to it is it’s a relatively set of minority in terms of the size of business rather than the larger part of our business. 
Hock Tan: First let me rephrase. We’re not dominant. We have a scale now and we certainly have scale that allows us to benefit from investing in a lot more capabilities than we had previously. Our claim to fame used to be in Avago 30s. we now have very, very strong IP. It’s still in 30s but beyond 30s into memory and better processing, all the nice stuff that many of our ASIC customers love to have in communications Wired and Wireless infrastructure. That’s why we tend to focus our ASIC business in networking, but also Wired and Wireless infrastructure on a more focused basis, but still very much ASIC.  And yeah, that business as I reported over the last couple of quarters, has been growing very nicely. A big part of it, having said that, is product ramps. Product ramps in new generation edge routers, new generation of this software defined network switches like the Nexus 9000. We’re in those very much. We’re in all the edge routers that I’m aware of, almost. And we even have ASIC base band in one Chinese base station OEM. And all that is driving very nice growth, not huge growth. That’s not the nature of this business, but it’s more -- I best call more direct growth. And that’s the way we like it. So we do see potential growth opportunity on a very moderate basis that is more sustainable over the next two, three years.
Hock Tan: There were two supply chains from two companies. There’s now one single supply chain organization. So that, we call that manufacturing overheads. That has significantly reduced for the combined company and that does add to the gross margin improvement. 
Hock Tan: This combination as I mentioned earlier has given us a lot more capabilities in terms of a lot more capabilities, lots more IP to offer key customers as we compete for ASIC programs at major OEMs. If anything else, you’re right. One concern might be customers thinking we serve certainly larger and a larger percentage of their ASIC spend, silicon spend. But on the other side, there’s a lot of ASSP FPA out there that definitely provide very, very strong completion for us, not just ASICs. And it’s just that we’re very good at ASICs and we focus on that. By natural self-selection, customers want their own differentiator products picks us. Having more capabilities obviously makes us a more formidable competitor as against the FPGA guys or against vendor products. But we do see all that competition out there.
Hock Tan: It will be a substantial increase in our capacity. For competitive reasons, we hesitate to give you a specific on that, but it will be a fairly substantial increasing capacity that we will achieve by end of fiscal 2015 compared to where we are today.
Hock Tan: Good question. Moving aside wireless for a second, we still have the rest of our three end markets, which are very large. The best way to describe it is bookings for those three other end markets, which is Wired largely enterprise, enterprise storage and industrial. Best description I’ll put of it is very stable. It has grown from Q3. Q4 showed a sharp growth, especially late Q3, early Q4 was a sharp ramp in bookings, increasing bookings, stabilize and remain fairly stable.
Hock Tan: I’m loathe to answer that question because we usually don’t want to comment on any particular customer. I appreciate it if you accept that as basically my answer. I’ve heard about them coming down to lesser SKUs and that is true I believe from all indications I’ve seen .they’re doing all they can obviously to recover ground. And I assure you they are and they’re very big, important customer which we love dearly. But other than that, I can’t comment anything more than that.
Hock Tan: Nothing unusual about that from that Korean customer you’re talking about is well known that they do two large product launches as you know on their two flagship products of interest to us. But yeah, they do the Galaxy S series in the spring and they do the Note series in the fall. All indications and all our engagements are they’re planning to do exactly that. 
Hock Tan: Base station you mean that I was referring to that’s helping drive our Q1 revenue in ASIC? Yeah. We have an ASIC that is pretty much in the base band of the base station. It’s basically the -- it’s a base band and nothing much more than that. But it’s unique and differentiated for that particular customer
Tony Maslowski: Again remember like I said, we’re going to update it after we get a couple more quarters under our belt. So it’s still a little early for us to do the long term model so just …
Tony Maslowski: Yes. So just to be very clear that our priorities on cash usage hasn’t changed. So it’s number one, it’s internal investments and that includes as Hock mentioned, some of the things that we’re opportunistic with or strengthening our product portfolio. Second is really the dividend and then also the debt pay down. The debt pay down I want to be clear is that our leverage ratio at the beginning of the transaction was roughly a little over 3. And if you look at some of the models you guys have out there, we could end up in the twos quite easily this year. So really once we hit around two is that when we’ll go back to our board and say hey, do we want to change our capital structure and put some more longer term debt on the balance sheet. The pause that I talked about in my speech was really just to say hey, we’re thinking about it still. So think about it more as a one or two quarter pause only in the debt pay down that we’re thinking about. Of course, we don’t comment on any M&A.
Tony Maslowski: So we still have some opportunities for OpEx decline. Remember is that the original base was like this 390 number on the combined company. So, the goal would have been 290, but then you’ve got to add in PLX, a couple of million. So really as Hock mentioned in his speech, we’re done with the divestitures which contributed that $50 million a quarter. And we’re probably about, as you can do the math yourself, $40 million towards the $50 million of the other. But as Hock mentioned as well, it gives us great flexibility to beef up other areas our R&D as these final stages happen. So those will happen as we combine the systems, the IT systems, which again is planned for the end of the first half, beginning of the second half of this current fiscal year.
Tony Maslowski: As we mentioned, there are other improvements. When we started with the whole LSI acquisition, we’re quite surprised that we’ve seen some upside to their businesses as well. So again we always focus on FBAR because that’s the headline you guys want to hear about, but we also do mention the other thing, that there’s a constant improvement here across most of the divisions.
Tony Maslowski: Again, of the $600 million, the majority is going to the continued build out in the FBAR facility and including some of our attempt to go from 8 inch to 12 inch. So again it’s hard to tell the actual capacity add because again depending on the success of that 8 to 12.
Tony Maslowski: I’m sorry, 6 to 8. Sorry. I apologize. 6 to 8 conversion that we’re going through. So again I think it’s difficult to give an exact percentage. This will depend on how successful that is and how quickly that ramps.
