Hock Tan: Well, no. The short answer is no. And by that -- this is what I mean, and this is something I've been talking about -- we've been talking about in the earnings call and in sell-side analyst calls about true demand. What we are mentioning, what we are reporting revenues is in our minds, and we've been looking at it that way the past eight quarters, particularly, as we told you. We scrub to our backlog thoughtfully, carefully before we deliver products to customers, end users, is that that's true end demand. And what we reported to you today, and you see the numbers that we're presenting and the strength of the numbers, if I could say so myself, it's true end demand what we're seeing with respect to the various end markets and the infrastructure products we sell to -- into those end markets. That's as far as we can scrub through true end demand. Now, we also have a ton of backlog, and our lead time continues unchanged at 50 weeks. Now, whether bookings that are placed today are running at somewhat different thoughts, different rates, it's more a function of perception, psychology of customers trying to think one year out. But as far as what we reported in Q3 and expect to see in Q4, we believe to be true -- we believe and we're pretty clear about that to be true end demand and consumption by our customers.
Hock Tan: Well, I mean, we put in a lot of checks and balances hugely and before we put products out on aircraft or trucks to our customers. And we have been doing this now for two years. So, we're pretty good at doing it. And the question earlier answered -- asked by Ross was, have you seen any particular change and all that? In terms of consumption of our products, and I can only obviously talk about our products and I can’t talk beyond our products, no, we don't see that.
Hock Tan: That second question is a very interesting question, but let me take care of the first. No, we have not been notified. None of our products are affected by any actions that have occurred over the last week or a few days regarding restriction on shipments to China. We have not been affected, period. And we do not expect to be. Okay? Now, in terms of what you're saying, now that calls for some degree of speculation, but it's more than that. I've always said, the long-term sustainable demand in the semiconductor space is a mid-single-digit compounded growth rate, 5%, thereabout, maybe 6% -- 5%, 6%. And I still believe that, no matter what all the -- I mean hubris, that marketing hubris that has occurred over the past 12 months. It always has been. And I think we will revert to that norm, eventually. Now, obviously, it's very interesting what we're seeing because it depends on where you start that compounded growth because 5% is what I said to be a long-term growth rate. In the short term in this industry, and we've all experienced these cycles, you could have higher than 5% at the up cycle and clearly much lower in the down cycles to average that 5%. And -- but your point is at some point, we'll have to get back to the norm. And I believe we will, not in this year, '22. The rate '22 is growing, assuming our forecast, Q4 comes to play. We're talking about semiconductor growth rate for us of around 25% year-on-year. And that's way above the 5% norm. So, at some point, yes, things will turn around and revert back to that norm. Now, it may take a couple of years before I get there.
Hock Tan: Well, to answer your first question, yes, we're on track for this year to hit that $2 billion. We told you that, and we're getting there. As far as does this particular compute offload defy gravity, I don't know. I can't really answer that. I'd like to believe it's emerging, and it's a very emerging business. And so, like, all emerging business that have hit some level of critical mass as it appears to have in our case, it may pull up somewhat better than perhaps enterprise, as we are seeing. And so, you're not wrong in that regard. But that is actually calling for some level of speculation on our part because I mean in more than '23, right? I'm looking at '23, '24, '25, next three years, will it hold up better? That I don't know the answer. For '23, sure, it will hold up better.
Hock Tan: Well, as to clarify the first couple of points, our backlog and our terms are very clear. We do not allow cancellation on our backlog. We have not seen that and -- to answer your second question. And on the first part, keep in mind, our revenue continues to grow each quarter sequentially as our backlog continues to build up. And compared to the preceding quarter, our backlog at the end of Q3 increased to $31 billion. So. we are still shipping below our booking rate.
Hock Tan: Actually, it isn't. I said that before in the previous earnings -- a couple of earnings calls. It’s worthwhile for me to repeat. We have been able to raise prices, obviously, over the last -- past 12 months, but only because our material cost has gone up. And so, we're talking -- if we're talking percentages, not absolute dollars, if our cost -- material cost -- cost of goods sold, so expect increase 10% in order to keep our margin in percentage terms from being diluted with the raise of price no less than 10%. And just doing that, it's just staying -- it's just keeping the gross margin in percentage term staying neutral. So, I would say price increases has very little impact on our margin improvement. What is -- what has enabled our margins to accelerate or improve, as I said in the last earnings call, is in this environment of -- in some degree in the last couple of years -- last 12 months, in particular, of basically a pent-up level of spending, particularly in enterprise, somewhat in cloud as well and broadband as well, is the adoption of new -- next-generation products and technology. And that always enhances, as I've said that before, our gross margin. And it's just -- it's the basic fundamental of this semiconductor cycle. New generation of products improves, expands our gross margin. And the accelerated adoption is what expands this gross margin. And that's pretty much what has been the case here, but not price increase per se.
Hock Tan: Okay. It's -- on the wireless business, if I could try to clarify, when we take any particular three-month period like Q3 and going to be Q4 now and take a snapshot of it and compare it to the same period of time a year ago, it never quite replicates itself in all matters. In other words, it's not -- there's no normalization. So, it could be 20%. It could be 25%. It could even be 30% changes. And I consider that all kind of in the same ballpark, simply because all it takes is a slippage of a couple of weeks in shipments, in products being taken to make that particular difference. So, I would not put too much thinking behind that is 20% whereas it might have been closer to 30% two years ago or a year ago in the same period, if you don't mind, simply because nothing comes up -- to be so planned year-over-year. It changes. But in terms of overall volume, we do not see that much units dramatically different from a year ago. It's really the content increase that might give us that lift year upon year. And even on a lift year-on-year, quarter -- when you compare to any three-month period, take it with a grain of salt that some volume might have shifted forward not be within the these three months. But it's kind of in the ballpark.
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me answer the second question first since it's a little more complex. But it isn't. Our semiconductor gross margin, by the way, we talk about sustainability, I would say it keeps expanding. It doesn't stay still, as you probably know. If you look back to five years ago, we were more like 60% -- in the mid-60s or low-60s gross margin. Today, it's now over 70%. And it's simply the case that -- and that's the beauty of the semiconductor technology business. You always have new generation of products, whether it's wireless, running -- creating a generation every 12 to 24 months, whether it's switching, that's every 2, 3 years, or storage, every for 5 years, and every time you put in a new generation, you expand your margin, because you're delivering more value, you're delivering much more value usually, and you are able to extract from the higher value, a higher price and profitability. And that's the beauty of this industry. So, as we keep coming out with new generations, the margins of our portfolio keep expanding. So, we're now at 70s. And you asked where will we be five years from now in this phenomenon of constantly updating to next-generation products, I will see this gross margin expansion continuing. And empirically -- don't ask me for any mathematical formula behind -- physics behind it. But empirically, given our portfolio of about 16 semiconductor franchises, we have averaged close to 50 to 100 basis points expansion year-after-year. And that's pretty good, and we see that trend continuing. And as I responded to an earlier question, over the last two years, we've -- the rebound, you might almost -- feel by perhaps changes in IT spending based on, I guess, lockdowns, based on behavioral changes with COVID-19, we've seen accelerated adoption of next-generation products in many of our franchises. So, we have seen some level of accelerated expansion of our semiconductor gross margin. But things will revert back, my belief, to a more normalized 50 to 100 basis-point expansion, once all this excitement starts cooling off a bit. But we still see the sustainable expansion of our semiconductor gross margin. Software, you're right, we cannot stick there at 90%, and we're not going anywhere with it. But this -- but semiconductor will continue to expand. And last -- your first question, China, that's about 13% of our semiconductor revenue. That's our exposure to China.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, in terms of a breakdown, you're basically asking me -- asking us on our semiconductor revenues, what's our breakdown of our revenues? We would classify three ways, three groups, non-end markets, but groups. It cuts across all our end markets, except probably wireless. Wireless is on consumer. And so no surprise, our consumer business within semiconductor represents about 23 -- just less than 25% of our revenues, just over -- between 20% to 25% is the best description. And on the balance, which could be anywhere from 75% to almost 80% is almost split evenly between enterprise -- traditional enterprise, as we call it, and the final grouping we call as service providers, which is related to the hyperscale guys and telcos, which we consider to be service provider. And that's -- and so between traditional enterprise and telcos, hyperscale, that's evenly split. Consumer, 20% to 25%. As far as the regulator process through VMware, right now, I would say, when you think of it, and we're thinking it across several -- a few -- a couple of jurisdictions. And we're moving -- it's making good progress. And just to reiterate, and we fully expect to close on this within fiscal '23.
Hock Tan: I don't know. We haven't thought that hard about it yet, seriously, Joe. No. I kind of like the 50-week lead time, to be frank, because it gives us great visibility. It also pushes politely, gently about their demand out one year. So, it gives us great visibility. Meanwhile, between now to the end of 50 weeks, we all know where we stand with each other and we know where we stand now, which is pretty good visibility.
Hock Tan: That's a hell of a good question. So, let me try to answer that and -- which is this. We've always said and we continue to say, it's not really supply that constrains our revenue. We look at -- as we said, we scrub through and trying to really get as closely as we can to what our customers truly need to consume. And we ship according to that. And that's as basic as all that. So, if you look at it that way, supply is not a true constraint. It's demand, a real demand and -- getting to the real demand. Just October quarter, Q4, you see us bump up to 8.9 from 8.4, 8.5. Believe me. This is all largely driven by the seasonal ramp of our North American handset manufacturer. That's really what drives that last increase. So, it's -- we're very, very tight to end consumption of products, and it's not really all about -- much about supply. And I've said that for the last four, five quarters, and we're still in that same behavior mode.
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me try to talk through this. Basically, your question is about how is -- I mean, we constantly come out across all our product franchises in -- especially in semis, new generation of products. And they're pretty cool, even though I say it myself. And adoption is never as quickly as we all like it to be. It tends to be much slower than we think. So, for instance, take switching, Tomahawks, data -- top of the rank data center switching. I'm still selling Tomahawk 1, 2, Tomahawk 3, which was the generation before the current generation. And now, we are selling Tomahawk 4. And just to give you a sense, Tomahawk 4 as a percent of my total Tomahawk volume, as I would estimate to be less than 30% in total. So, you can see they coexist, and that tends to happen. So, by the time we launch Tomahawk 5, two years from now, we're probably maybe be getting our Tomahawk 1 to the point where it becomes de minimis. So, there is this constant coexistence of multiple generations. And apply it, by the way, to every product we have, server storage where we have 2, 3 -- we have 3 generations running simultaneously because it's the way the world adopts new technology. And we will keep having a mix, which is probably why when you boil down to it at the end of the day, it's -- we have -- there's no hockey stick in any product adoption. There's no such thing as winners take all, whether it's part of a new product or for that matter, a new player. That is always coexistence, a shared volume and a shared mix of technologies. And we see that very clearly across. Now, consumer perhaps is less -- is more of a hockey stick. And even then, we see 2 or 3 generations of our North American OEM running simultaneously. But of course, it's more of a hockey stick, I believe, than our infrastructure products. Infrastructure takes a while, and we would have -- not very uncommon to have three generations running simultaneously. And that means any expansion of gross margin coming back where it drains down to because it's a reflection of product mix of -- in terms of product generation. That's why our gross margin grows much more steadily, but more -- not as rapidly as we would like to, but it's okay because it gets more sustainable. And as each year passes and the newer generation products get adopted more in a measured manner, our gross margin grows that 50 to 100 basis points each particular year that passes. I hope that answers your question.
