Thomas Krause: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. First, on the P&L, gross margins were 73% of revenue in the quarter and relatively flat with Q1, but up approximately 100 basis points year-on-year. The increase in software as a percentage of our overall revenue drove the increase. Operating income from continuing operations was $3 billion and represented 53% of net revenue. Operating margins were effectively flat quarter-over-quarter, but down year-on-year by approximately 70 basis points, primarily due to the stranded costs for Symantec we carried in the quarter. In fact, operating expenses were $1.2 billion, which was down $28 million compared to Q1, but still included approximately $35 million of Symantec-related expenses that we expect to go away over the remainder of the year. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.2 billion and represented 56% of net revenue. This figure excludes $147 million of depreciation. Looking at cash flow. We had record quarterly free cash flow of $3.1 billion, representing 53% of revenue. This is up a little more than 20% year-on-year. Collections were quite strong and it’s worth noting that our software businesses are seasonal, with December and to a lesser extent March, being particularly strong bookings months. As a result, our fiscal Q2 is the peak collections period for software. In addition, we strictly managed working capital to improve liquidity, but also out of an abundance of caution, given the continuing lack of visibility. Notably, we moved most of our business to build the order during the quarter and are continuing to operate this way. However, the downside to our conservative approach is our ability to respond to short lead time orders is very limited. Overall, we’re going to continue to operate and plan for challenging conditions going forward, given the uncertain environment. Turning to capital allocation. In the quarter, we paid our common stockholders $1.3 billion of cash dividends. We also paid $219 million in withholding taxes due to on vesting of employee equity, resulting in the elimination of approximately 900,000 AVGO shares. We ended the quarter with 402 million outstanding common shares and 452 million fully diluted shares. Note that, we expect the fully diluted share account to stay at 452 million in Q3. On the financing and investing front, we derisked our balance sheet with over $18 billion of debt refinancing, including $2 billion of commercial paper. This allowed us to push out average debt maturities to six years from four years, while our average cost of debt increased by just above 50 basis points. Note these figures are inclusive of the $8 billion financing and $3. billion – $3.9 billion, excuse me, exchange offering that we executed in the first month of our third fiscal quarter. All told, we ended the quarter with $9.2 billion of cash and currently have $14.2 billion of liquidity, including our $5 billion revolver. Note, we did drawdown $3 billion on our revolver earlier in the quarter, all of which we have repaid as part of our refinancing activity. We ended the quarter with $45.8 billion of total debt, of which approximately $800 million is short-term. In closing, given our strong free cash flow generation, healthy balance sheet and enhanced liquidity position, we remain committed to maintaining our dividend, while we navigate this uncertain environment. That concludes my prepared remarks. During the Q&A portion of today’s call, please limit yourselves to one question each, so we can accommodate as many analysts as possible. Operator, please open up the call to questions.
Thomas Krause: Great. Stacy, it’s Tom. I think, there’s no correlation between what we talked about earlier this year and where we are today. The reality is what we see is content’s up, as Hock talked about, 40%. There has been a shift in terms of when product is going to be delivered. There are some supply chain constraints, of course, on top of that. And so when you put that all together, comparing anything to what we talked about, I think, two quarters ago was difficult. I think the key point is, we remain very much on track from a product roadmap standpoint and from a content standpoint consistently we talked about in the past. And I think that bodes well obviously for later this year, but also in the future.
Thomas Krause: Blayne, I think, first of all, on the content side, it’s inclusive of all of our products in that area, right? So it’s not just RF, but it’s also custom and it’s Wi-Fi. And so I think what you’re referring to is what’s the mix of 5G versus non-5G phones? And how does that play out over time? I think what we’ve talked about in the past, it’s going to take several years for that to transition. Obviously, we don’t control that, but that’s our expectation. When we talked about the growth rate of wireless over time, the next several years being high single digits, that’s what ties into the content growth, plus the expectation, it takes several years to go all 5G.
Hock Tan: I’ll answer it this way, Vivek. We definitely – as you know, and which you are implying to in your question, we’re designing, obviously, in those flagship – big flagship phones in our large North American OEM phone makers. When? There is no question. The question is the timing, and you’re right. In the past years, seasonally, the business seasonal and the trough of every fiscal year has been Q2. We believe because of product cycle delays, the trough for our fiscal year will be Q3 this coming quarter, and that’s what we reflected in our forecast, that’s reflected in our numbers in the way we are guiding Q3. Nothing has changed in terms of designs. Nothing has changed in terms of the content you indicated. And you’re right, the content has been up for 5G phones over 30% – way over 30%, more close to the 40% from where we were last year. It’s just the timing, and we’re guiding Q3, and I don’t mean to be rude, but we’re not guiding Q4 at this point.
Hock Tan: Well, very good question. So, let me spend a few minutes to respond to that and give you a lot more color. We now have CA under our belt and CA comprises mainframe and distributed software as well, especially a whole range from DevOps to business operation platforms. An answer to – given that we have almost a year-and-a-half of CA under our belt, we’re very, very pleased with that acquisition. It has performance. Financial performance of CA has exceeded even our regional plan when we did the deal 18 months ago. And it’s evidence in the sense that, as I say, we are able to expand and grow our bookings by focusing on the largest enterprises, who buy – which buy a lot of this software out there in the world. And as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we have been successful in selling more capacity, more adjacent products to these large enterprises, which have enabled us to book and to expand bookings in these core accounts over 20% annually over the past 18 months, and so that to us has been a great success. We’re trying to do the same with Symantec, same playbook, the same focus on the core customers which happens to be a very similar set of core customers. We have two quarters under our belt now, and we are quite pleased with the way this thing has turned out.
Hock Tan: You’re right. We sell a fairly broad range of products, even into data centers. And as I indicated, we sell known networking products, switching. We also sell server storage components, server storage connectivity, and we also sell some of these components into hard drives that goes into those nearline cloud datacenters. So, it’s a broad diversity. And the impact, the challenges and constraints on the supply chain cuts across some of these products, not all consistently. And – but we basically see very, very strong demand, and our challenge is to be able to optimize how we are supplying in those situations. Very fortunately, in our view, our products are very strong franchises in their own rights. And so, I would say, we see our customers are very, very willing and able in many situations to work with us as we work through our supply chain challenges. In other words, the demand has not been seen to be perishable. 
Hock Tan: Ross, we love you dearly. You’re overanalyzing. Things are improving week-by-week in our – in some of those unique constraints we have. Of course, they’re. Malaysia is gradually opening up. Our warehouse are gradually expanding their capacity – our operating capacity as are the test capacity – as our ability to shift test capacity to other locations, where we have back-end assembly capacity. So we’re working to step-by-step increase it. And look, we will overtime get there and improve as we go along. As I say, we’re working through Q3 now very vigorously, and we’ll worry about Q4 when we get there, at which time, for sure, we would have improved the situation considerably.
Hock Tan: Harlan, that’s an extremely good question. And it’s a question that we keep – that goes through our head constantly. And the bottom line is, I don’t know the answer. I mean, I’ll be honest with you that if you asked me that question four weeks ago, five weeks ago, I would really have a high degree of doubt that you will sustain. It doesn’t mean I agree that you will sustain, but we have been seeing right up to now about 11 weeks, and we track this very closely of extremely strong bookings, and it continues as we sit here right now, that’s the fact. Does that mean, you will sustain? Don’t know. We don’t know the answer.
Hock Tan: Well, look, let me try to answer that. First and foremost, most of all these orders, all these big demand constraint we’re talking about are direct – are orders directly from the end users, both of them. This – and a lot of this is what you all have heard about, strength in the cloud, mega scale, cloud vendors are buying it. Strength in broadband from – directly from the telcos, the service providers. We are getting most – a lot of these customers we deal with directly. And even if they go through OEMs, not distributors, OEMs, we have clear visibility on pools from end users, which are the customers of the OEMs, like the telcos, the cable companies, service providers. So these are all largely direct. And as I pointed out, too, if anything else, distribution, we are bringing down bookings, channel inventory and distributors back to our view – Tom’s view of managing our exposure out there and in this environment of very strong end demand. Last thing, we need to do is get distracted with general inventory. So we are very aggressively bringing down channel inventory by reducing ship into distributors even at their – as their resale is maintained, as I mentioned, depending on end markets at a fairly decent level. So these are coming direct. And from customers, mainly a lot of it cloud customers, a bunch of probably OEMs, these big OEMs, who sell to large enterprises. And I think a lot of these guys are not holding – as far as we’re aware, they are not holding it for inventory. Doesn’t mean, we don’t dread for a fact. But as far as we can see, they have been deployed or they’ve been quickly deployed. So we have – we do not have a clear sense on how much inventory are being accumulated, if any.
Hock Tan: You’re talking about, I assume the original equipment manufacturers, the OEMs. Now, most of the OEMs, not all buy from us tend to, as you probably – I assume are implying here buying a lot for enterprises, more than traditional enterprise side. And so as we see over the past 12, 13 weeks, which represents one quarter of bookings we are seeing, a lot of the OEMs are also buying for those enterprises. So – and on the basis that which we use scrutinize where those orders come from, and a lot of these orders are also for demand from fairly large enterprise customers that these guys have, not to the scale of strength that we see among cloud mega scale players or from telcos and service providers at this point, especially in broadband, but certainly we do not see weakness there, but with not the strength that we see for our direct purchases from cloud guys or from telcos for their business.
Hock Tan: Well, lead times, in fact, has been pretty long for a while, especially in leading-edge processes. When you talk about wafer foundries, leading-edge processes, this is not something that just showed up recently. It’s over the past many – several months, lead times at the major foundries for leading-edge processes has always been very, very extended. And as is long lead time for not just wafers, I would add also for specialized material components like substrates, so also a massive long lead time because of capacity limitations if something like it happened more than a year ago on MLCCs for that extent. In this case, it’s wafers and all that. I think that and I think it will improve. It will improve and we are starting to see some improvement. It will improve as times progress over this. What really makes a difference, maybe from the way we’re addressing and Tom highlighted it is, many of our – many companies out there when they buy their – when they try to manufacture their chips, perhaps buying – order those from the suppliers on forecast with the anticipation that their forecasts are good and they can, therefore, have a head start on already pre-building a lot of that product inventory, and therefore, they can supply. But building the forecast obviously carries with it a high level of – some level of risk that you could be forecasting a demand that doesn’t materialize. And that’s – that enables you to do – to lead – to deliver – manufacture and deliver the chips, the final product in period less than normal standard lead time, which would be what you take to start from the beginning of a wafer to the end product. And that is what’s happening. The whole lead time from beginning to end is probably longer today and has been that way for months now. It is much longer than normal lead times, many of my peer group companies in the semiconductor industry give to their customers. We have chosen now to build because of risk mitigation purposely and built only to orders, not to forecast. And that might be what is the biggest difference here. All right.
