Hock Tan: That's a very good, a hell of a question. So let me try to address in its various component parts. What we continue to see, we've the recovery -- I made a point of saying that, we're now in a midst of a very strong spending recovery in enterprise, particularly, so we're continuing to see strong demand bookings in the semiconductors side. But a big part of that and demand and increasing part of that demand is now coming from enterprise spending, which translates to end markets, tends to drive a lot of our broadband continue to drive the broadband, which has been strong in most of '21 continuing to drive the enterprise part of our networking business. And, of course, server storage and industrial is just very, very strong. Having said that, on the hypercloud spending side, a lot of it resides in, obviously, in our networking business. Things are still fairly, very elevated, Demand continues to be strong. And so when you combine all this together, we continue to see booking rates been at a fairly and continue to be at a very elevated level week-after-week so far. And as of right now, we're pretty much booked all the way through '22 and even beyond '22 into '23. If you're thinking about 50 week lead time, no surprise, it goes too late '22. But we're going even -- in many cases now gone beyond '22 into '23. And that's partly because one timing of our customers planning very far ahead. And two, as I said, our continuing discipline approach to ensuring that we deliver products at the right time to the right place. And we see that going on. And I hate to disappoint you, we're still not ready or prepared to give you guidance on a whole fiscal year.
Hock Tan: Yes. Well, we've been doing this 50 weeks now for just since the beginning of '21. And we've been delivering very much as much as we can to those lead times. So in some ways, I like to believe it's giving some method or some method to this booking madness, I guess is one, I would call it in terms of our ability and in terms of where we -- how we are shipping the products. And but by keeping lead times very stable and predictable as we're doing now. We're also clearly communicating to our end users, the way they should be planning their business and I like to think all this is working out in terms of allowing us to making sure we don't overshoot and build up x buffer inventory to our ecosystem out there that means distributors, channels and customers. And all that is been done purposefully and the truth be told that the day will come when things have to land, unknown, and we'd like to make sure it lands very gently and softly. I would like to think that it's working very well. And, but so what we are reporting in some sectors now, what we're guiding in some sectors are reporting, where you see growth of some 20%, 30%. I know even from our perspective, it seems very hot, excessively hot. And in those areas, in particular, we take strong particular attempts -- to make those attempts to ensure this product, we shape our four programs they get deployed, rather than sit on a shelf for a future need. And so I like to believe that growth in networking, broadband service storage lately, of some 20% to 30%, year-on-year, rail through end demand.
Hock Tan: It may, depending then we're talking mathematical numbers now and how we shipped because some the shipments are lumpy. And you may see them from quarter-to-quarter, when you talk about sequential quarter, you may sometimes see them and what I'm trying to say. And we may also chose to deploy supplying to one market versus another as you go quarter-by-quarter. So looking at it sequentially in specific verticals might sometimes for our case, our point of view be rather misleading, unintentionally, I may add, simply because we may chose to deploy our ship more to sponsors sometimes to server storage, because there is a hotter need there versus to networking. And you may see them because of that networking, see some sequential weakness in one particular quarter, which is why we report as much as we can on a year-on-year basis, where then you take out the effects of this short term, lumpiness, and short-term discontinuities.
Hock Tan: Harlan that's hell of a question. And the only way I can answer that is, this is a weird time for me to bad to ask me to guide you on networking for the year in working, I'm not doing that. But you're right though. There are a lot of levels. And I articulate quite a few of them and maybe I'm oversee in some cases. And they seem to be as I use the expression as we sit here today and going into '22, firing on all cylinders. And by that, I mean more than just forecasting. We actually seen the backlog, we have the backlog and they keep building up. And you're right hypercloud guys, if you have asked me six months ago, I would not believe the level of spending they're embarking on in right now in '22 but they appear to be. So you are right, enterprise been strong. And you've seen the rate of growth of enterprise year-on-year of 30% across broadly. And cloud at their current elevated levels, we are seeing in networking has not suffered, has not weakened. We are still sustaining. Now, it's not recovering, obviously, year-on-year basis as fast as enterprise is showing simply because enterprise starting from a lower point. But Cloud is still growing, we are seeing hypercloud growing. And it's growing from not just network switching and routing that's our traditional strength is growing now for us on, for one of a better expression collectively called offload computing applications from virtualization orchestration to add more and more AI beyond just a single lead customer we have in TPUs today. So we're seeing multiple, as I said, multiple levels all moving in the right direction for fiscal '22. And good possibilities, what we've seen today in Q1, would run for a large part of fiscal '22.
Hock Tan: Hey, you're very good at these numbers. I shall just bow to those better judgment and wisdom. Yes. Thank you. Next question. You have another follow through? Please.
Hock Tan: Oh, April quarter quota is hard to forecast. I mean, this is consumer. So it's very -- I can't even begin to forecast much less than I think my customer would be better at it. And even then, I suspect they're very challenged. But what we do see, interestingly enough, is demand for our components for the January quarter is good. And then and hence you see, the fact that even as we measure year-on-year to an all-time peak a year ago, we are still flattish to slightly up and sequentially from Q4, which in this current round, you're correct in this regard. Q4 is supposed to be back to normality and seasonality has been the big quarter. Our Q1 will exceed our Q4 shipments as we forecast today. So yes, it sounds like even that part is doing quite well, just that year-on-year compare in percentage terms may not be as exciting as the rest of the semiconductor verticals that we're in, but it's still holding up very nicely.
Hock Tan: On the first, Ross, that's a very, very clever question I might add. Has anything changed between what we're booking versus what we're shipping, I'm trying to answer it not  because -- I'm not trying to answer it is because the demand by verticals has rotated somewhat and you can probably understand it. So what I'm saying is, one clear example is what I'm saying now, enterprise is actually waking up big time and they are asking for products, they asking for products in a very, very urgent manner. And so we're seeing more ship -- a lot more shipments to OEMs who support those enterprises. And by verticals, we're seeing strength in basically in server storage in particular and also the enterprise portion all for networking, hence the strength in, as I mentioned campus switching and Wi-Fi in many ways, because enterprise, you know campus switching now for enterprise switching needs a wireless strategy component. And so we're seeing our Wi-Fi business for access gateways in enterprise really take off now. Having said that, our classification of cloud includes telcos, service providers, they have been steady. It's interesting cloud and telcos have been steady. And -- but they have been steady in different manner. The cloud guys are now pushing more and more into compute offload, I mean the programs we're working on starting to happen -- starting to manifest as deployment, so we're seeing that, and that is really driving some more growth than just normal switching and routing that we have seen super strong in 2021. We have seen areas like in some of their very massive scale out of machine learning or AI networks, here you need a different kind of performance of those networks. So we've seen a different kind of products going into that areas. And I highlighted in my remarks about Jericho being going into many of those AI networks in hypercloud and, of course, 5G continues to be -- goes through cycles and happen to be a [Technical Difficulty] 5G deployment and backhaul is strong and we ship a lot of Qumrans. So it varies. But if you take it from a macro point of view, not -- hasn't changed from six months ago, Ross, which is the under-shipment from the level of bookings we're seeing.
Hock Tan: I think we have continued to be -- to have been spending on R&D in the silicon side on a fairly consistent basis, and so we have. And, but in some other areas and it's not so much about worry about competition as -- see the underlying part of our business model across our various franchises is simply that we always out-invest, out-engineer anybody else in the verticals we -- in those franchise verticals we are in. And so what -- from our point of view, hey, now is a great, because during COVID-19 in '20 and in part of '21, things were not as moving as fast as perhaps we believe a normal cadence of product cycle turnovers should be, product life cycle. So we are now jumping in '22 to basically bring it back up to where it should be in terms of a normal product cycle cadences. And that -- in that sense, you're right, it's not because of competition, it's because we believe we need to deliver this new generation products with better features, better bandwidth, low latency to our customers who are now ready and willing to take it on. And with having said that, may invest now, you don't see the impact of that probably until '23, '24. So, but we feel that there is some hiatus of new technology been absorbed in 2021. So now is the time to really accelerate new technology, new generation of products for its absorption as much as we could in '22 and definitely in '23. So it's logical that spending would go up and we are stepping up for that.
Hock Tan: Good point. But we intend to follow through on -- we intend to do the $10 billion, and the reason we're doing it, as you guys can gather is, we haven't done a deal in -- we did not do a deal in '20, did not do a deal in '21 and got tons of cash, we have piled up a ton of cash and debt has actually -- somewhat the growth there has actually declined somewhat and while our cash position is building out. And while we may still do a deal in '22, it says that we will still be generating a lot more cash in '22. So when we you add up this whole thing, it's just a very logical conclusion for us to not just sit on the cash, hoarded in some ways you may call it, but just return it to you guys as we continue to accumulate cash. And keep in mind, we still have a lot of debt and grow expanding debt capacity as our EBITDA expense and still be within investment grade of course.
Hock Tan: Right. Thank you for that. And by the way, our ASIC business is actually larger than the $2 billion we indicated. It's only that part of the ASIC business sitting in networking that  we highlighted is actually there are a couple of other areas where we do ASIC and it's done on a platform under one and a particular franchise business that we run fairly separately as one of the product divisions. But you are right though, the larger part of it sits in networking and a big -- and is half of it roughly, I would say maybe grown more than half now is to the hypercloud [Technical Difficulty] is the OEMs still remain very much OEM related business as well. And you're right, but it's a -- but your point is well taken. This is a steady stable business and growing over time that we've had for many, many years. And it has, as I said long time ago 20, 15 years ago, 10 years ago, been very much on networking merchant silicon showed them in networking, and in -- which is switching and routing, and it has not grown as much in networking. But in its place having said that, other opportunities, and most of it -- a lot of it is, what I call collectively offload computing, which is very much tied to hypercloud. And that's a businesses that is -- that has been slowly, but steadily growing, but it's slow. And it's not something that shoots up exponentially overnight because lot of the hypercloud guys much as they have ambition to do their own designs, I'd like to make that point very clear, it's a very difficult thing for them to do, because know they can go out in the highest silicon architect and designers. It doesn't mean you can define a chip, SLC silicon chip on a system on a chip that addresses what they're looking for whether it's in transcoding, whether it's in security or even in virtualization or even in AI, it's hard when you don't do it on a full-time basis. So we have been working with these hypercloud guys for the last five years and there has been fits and starts in many, many situations among these hypercloud guys. But the message I want to say is, we've never given up, we continue to work with them and more slowly more and more of the many tries, some of them become successful, more and more successful and to see the trend of growth in our ASIC business for offload computing. I mean if those of you have followed me consistently for the last three, four, five years, you have heard me talk about with three, four, five years ago, then two years ago, I just shut up, because thanks long to get it going and is starting to translate into revenues and ramps now, and it will be a nice driver to growth, but I believe for us over the next year, two years I would say, so I'm bringing it back up again, but it's always been there.
Hock Tan: Wireless is a great franchise and it continues to chug along very well, and that's probably I'm being -- I'm definitely wearing, roasting the glasses in this environment, because demand is good and it's holding up still very well. Beyond that I really don't know the answer to what you're saying. I do see content increasing over the next several years, because we have various products, multiple products, not just one particular product, we have multiple, we have various products into every one of those very high-end smartphones. And that gives us opportunity to expand [Technical Difficulty] and to strengthen and increase our content. And, but, and we never really plan for unit increases actually in all our plan, which is a plan on some content increase year-after-year, but never on any unit increase. So I guess, I don't -- I stop thinking worrying about whether the number of phones is going to decline in 5G in the next one or two years as much as will the content decline from up, and we have not really seen it on the current in any fashion that will make us worry.
Hock Tan: Not really. It's because I think we have done -- we've gone through it now for one year, and I think our customers ask, half, most of them anyway, I kind of say all of them have started to plan their needs accordingly. Now it doesn't mean they're perfect in their planning and so occasionally it happens, they come running in and ask for all the expedite deliveries within lead times and we see that and we worked through that. But by and large, our customers are planning better and better because they have practice at doing that. I mean, it's perfect. And in many in some cases where we can do in, they probably will look for if they can find alternatives and to the extent there are alternatives, my competition get some benefit on those spot situations and that will happen, because we -- I love to be perfect, but we cannot be, and sometimes like customer misses, we miss and that happens in situations and because of previous commitments we cannot obviously pull in their demand. But those are getting -- those are still happening. Is there a change since then, no, not for all months. I think as I said, customers are much better at doing it now at least when it comes to dealing with us.
