Doug Bettinger: Terrence, this is Doug. I think we've kind of commented on this last quarter. We're on a path right now of doubling our FBAR capacity between now and call it mid next year. That capacity comes online bit by bit, but we're in the middle of doing the heavy spending right now. And we're investing in that capacity for the broad market. It isn't any one customer. I mean certain customers do tend to use more FBAR than others, but we are investing for the whole market, Terrence.
Doug Bettinger: Terrence, this is Doug again. There's a lot of moving parts in gross margin at Avago. We have our largest growth coming from wireless which tends to be our lowest gross margin end-market. That's a piece of it. That's offset by the point that you're picking up on. I would tell you that that's not a 100% profit in what's remaining in the consumer business. There are some costs associated with that. And then understand that each end-market gross margin moves up or down quarter by quarter. It isn't static. So things move around a little bit. And when you mix it altogether, the 51.25% is where our estimate is coming out, Terrence.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Ross it does. Obviously some other things are growing spending. R&D, when you strip out that consumer bit going away, would be up slightly on an apples-to-apples basis.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Vivek, you know, there might be a little bit. But quite honestly, when you look at how we've come through this last transition through, we were building inventory in advance of a stronger back half of the fiscal year. We were building inventory in Q3, Q4. And so we didn't have a big swing in utilization in the fab. Maybe we were a little bit lucky this year, and that won't always be the case, but we'll try to manage it that way as best as possible. So, yeah, there could be a little bit, but understand still that two-thirds of our manufacturing spending is still outsourced. We are adding more internal spending. But they're still the vast majority of what we spend on manufacturing, is outsourced, and that varies with volume.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Chris. The way to think about tax here, our effective tax rate is 4% to 5% on a run rate basis. Quarter by quarter you get some lumpiness depending on when tax returns get filed or different true-ups each quarter depending on what's happening in each jurisdiction, but think of it as up 4% to 5% ETR.
Doug Bettinger: Romit, this is Doug. I'm going to take that one. Romit, we always look at a lot of stuff we have over our history. We'll continue to do so. I don't think that's changed necessarily, and we're not going to comment on any specific acquisition activity or targets.
Doug Bettinger: So let me just clarify one thing, Vijay. We're doubling capacity between kind of where we were six months ago and where we'll be mid next year, it's not doubling and then doubling necessarily. Although it may, we haven’t made that decision yet. And then I’ll let Hock take the second part of your question.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Vijay, I'm not going to give gross margin guidance more than one quarter at a time. Our business model hasn't changed. Our medium to long-term business model is gross margin between 50% and 53%. We're not changing that. There's ups and downs each quarter and I'll talk to you about that each quarter.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, there is a couple million dollars of carryover in there Brendan, things that are there in Q4 that would go away. I would expect this to be below $10 million on a steady state basis as we get out of the current quarter in front of us.
Doug Bettinger: The way to think about OpEx here is we have a business model that we invest to. We want R&D as a percent of revenue to be around 14%. So as revenue goes up, we'll tend to spend more; as revenue goes down, we may spend a little bit less. SG&A is around 7%. I'm pretty pleased that we've gotten it down to 7%. We are not going to let that tick back up. But that steady state investment in R&D is required to keep the business growing the way we wanted to grow long-term. So it's not going to change too much from there.
Hock Tan: You're right, Ross, in all that you said. Well, our industrial revenue is, broadly speaking, about 15% to 20%, still down from the same time a year ago. And so we still think that recovery -- still some ways, some possible ways to go. Having said that, I mean, the recovery is very, as I pointed out, right now as we see it, is very much limited in Central Asia in industrial, especially in China where we see the strength of it. We see some -- we see flatness, not down, but flatness in Japan and Europe for industrial. And partly maybe that's probably because things have gone down -- though they haven't gone down much in those home markets, but we also see the possibility of some of those exports from those countries in Europe and Japan through industrial OEMs to China too. And you're right, it's growing up. It is still improving, but as we indicated, it's growing at above 5% mid single digits, we think. And against that last quarter, if you recall, we saw an industrial revenue which we recognized on a shipping basis of closer to 17%, 18%, 19% sequentially. So we kind of feel that our distribution market might be getting ahead of itself and might be prudent for us to kind of pull back. That's the forecast obviously. And if obviously resale goes beyond the mid single digits we are forecasting for Q4, we might reassess and re-evaluate what we do here. But this is basically our current thinking.
Hock Tan: Well, interesting question. Let me try to address that, but to answer -- to jump straight on, yeah, we have a fairly broad customer base in wireless. We're pretty much doing business now with every smartphone manufacturer. Not every phone manufacturer, but every smartphone manufacturer. That includes by the way and on the -- obviously top line, the largest tier 1 manufacturers including people like Samsung, you correctly pointed out, and we do a very good amount of business with Samsung and they are very valued and very significant customer. We also sell to tier 3 whitebox phone manufacturers in China on a case-by-case basis depending on the programs and when and the specific technologies they are using. So we have a pretty broad base. But you are right, in that respect it's a very interesting tiered market now. Very, very much a question of picking winners and losers, so to speak, in terms of OEMs. And we try to cover the full range with the product we have and the technology we have. And some customers really appreciate and are willing to obviously subscribe to our business model of very high-performance RF components, be -- particularly our FBAR components. And some of them use I guess frontend modules [with pull-along] power amplifiers, our power amplifiers which help us increase volume. Overall, we -- but to address your question on the pattern of behavior, forecasting is always hard, but let me try to do that, we have drawn some reference point by looking back to last year, the last 12 months. And typically prior to the last year, what happens is, in our fiscal Q3, is when we see a strong seasonal uptick in wireless business, typical seasonality, it's end of the year, headed towards back to school and Christmas. So, strong typical seasonality up, and a continuing strong seasonality in Q4. And by that I usually mean 10% per head sequentially, maybe then mid to high single digits in Q4. Then Q1 will show a -- the next Q1 following Q4 will show a sharp drop and could be mid to even 10% drop. And Q2 from -- Q2 will be kind of flat from Q1. And the cycle repeats itself. That used to be the case say two years ago, three years ago. Come last year, we see a significant change in the pattern, in this whole pattern, and part of it is related to what you're pointing out, the way the market has segmented itself among OEMs and based on how those OEMs launch new products and the timing in which it launches. And what we've seen last year was, as we see now, is Q4 -- there was some seasonality in Q3 -- Q4 was a very uptick for us, in last Q4, not this Q4, last Q4. Q1 remains at Q4's level, and Q2 was pretty close to what Q1 was, flat, at that high level, and then Q3 showed a sharp drop-off because of a product transition at a major customer, and Q4, as we see now, bounced right back up. So if I use this, say, new trend, I would say following this new trend, I'm not giving you a forecast, I'm just saying strictly following that new trend, Q1 coming out might be flat from Q4's level in wireless.
Hock Tan: Because of the mix of our products even in wireless, James, I'm trying to think, we're thinking of that as you say, because the mix changes quite dramatically and the price thus change dramatically based on the mix of products. Because I mean, as you know, if you look at the categories of products we have, we have discrete FBAR, discrete PA, though that's not that big a volume except recently. And when we have frontend modules. And the prices on each are quite distinctively different. And there's a shift obviously based on the shift in architecture as we move on to new generations. So if I give you an ASP, which is -- which may be the answer you're asking for is content, but it depends on the phone we're using. To try to get to -- to answer your question basically, don't know how to answer it, but it's not an ASP push. It's more content. And the content is tied to an architecture that goes from maybe largely PAs to frontend modules. And that does definitely increase ASPs quite significantly.
Hock Tan: Linearity, well, in our July quarter, the non-linearity you see is very obviously because we were starting already to see a ramp in the month of July, late in July, towards the wireless business in terms of recovery from the product transition of a major OEM. We already to start that happening partially. So there is this thing non-linearity because of that. Now coming back to this quarter, we would obviously become much more linear, because we are now in full ramp mode.
Hock Tan: Okay, thanks. Yes, by the way, it's not -- we don't call it bulk filters. Just a small [mint] here, we call it FBAR just to differentiate somewhat a bit from -- one of friendly competitors called theirs to be, but the basic technology is bulk, you're right, is FBAR. And yeah, we invest a lot in FBAR because that's a very distinctly differentiated technology and process, especially in duplexing, in handset RF signals. We will continue, as Doug said, we're going to double our capacity over the, let's say in the 12. By middle of next year we expect to have doubled the FBAR capacity. We have a year before that, which is this year. And we expect to fully utilize it based on demand we are seeing out there. So, strategically, we think that's exactly the right thing to do. It is also a differentiated technology which is exactly in line with our business model of providing that kind of products. In turning to the other point you have, gallium arsenide. We did announce about two, three quarters ago, three quarters ago, investment in relatively small capacity in gallium arsenide HBT, used for power amplifiers. In fact, used in power -- used to produce power amplifiers we sell today, many of which are in conjunction in frontend modules with FBAR, but some discrete like the multi-mode power amplifier we have been selling this year. In answer to your question, is there differentiation? There always is generation to generation based on mainly design, some process, but mainly design. But unlike FBAR, I do want to say to you, it's hard to make that sustainable differentiation on power amplifiers, which is why our focus is really on FBAR. The reason we build that small capacity on gallium arsenide is that most of our requirements on gallium arsenide is right now outsourced through our foundry in Taiwan. We figured for second sourcing, security of supply purposes, as well as to have the ability to tweak process, improve performance of sound on power amplifiers as we need to. It's good to have a small fab in-house to be able to do that so that we can pass that process over to our foundry. But most, by far 75% of our demand, 80% of the requirements on power amplifiers, will come from our foundry.
Hock Tan: First and foremost, I should be -- I apologize if I may have mis -- given you a wrong impression. Content does, in today's market on smartphones especially, will likely vary generation to generation. And it would likely, given the trend of where the technology and industry is headed, will typically -- RF content in every smartphone will keep increasing. Why? Because of the fact that you increase the amount of functionality and capability of roaming with the same handset as you move up from 2G, 3G and now LTE. So there's that underlying trend. Having said that, depending on the phone manufacturer, OEM, a particular phone may have -- may not have as much content as pulled from another OEM simply because it depends on the carrier, it depends on the region, and the band that -- and the performance they want to make this phone. So it doesn't necessary mean that it's a monotonic increase across the board as time passes on all phone. It depends on what particular phone program we are designing and what particular OEM. So it does vary. My sense is that with among some of the tier 1 guys, customers, we tend to address the very high-end smartphones, which tends to lend itself to a lot of functionality, a lot of ability to support multiple bands. And because of that, the opportunity falls to increase our content keeps growing.
Hock Tan: Well, yeah. Let's start with wireless. I mean, our perception on the wireless side is, on the high-end -- on the smartphone side, things continue to look fairly strong, fairly robust. Part of it may be a matter of being able to -- fortunately on our side, as well as a strategic purpose in addressing all winners and losers in the smartphone area. And secondly, on some of those OEMs we're addressing, our business model requires us to pretty much try to differentiate our products, differentiate in a sense of better performance, and better performance typically means more content in many cases, and we have the advantage of getting that in, especially in a situation where in many OEMs where -- in certain bands, in LTE, where the use of FBAR is increasing for duplexing for filtering. So, all that is good in the direction we're headed. But we, as far as we see, that high-end handset market is still fairly robust. Turning to wide infrastructure, as I touched on lightly earlier, we see enterprise side, which is a large part of our wide infrastructure business, which is why -- which is enterprise networking and enterprise computing and storage. We see that the market has been rather -- has been very flat, almost I use the word sluggish and flat. And that’s been that way now for about three, six -- almost -- at least three months, maybe even six months. It’s not down, but it's not up either. And overlay on it is a sector of the business we address, which is carrier routing from service providers. And that’s a lumpy kind of business. We have seen good strength or a lot of strength on the investment in it in Q3. A big part of it is going into core routing, using a lot of backhaul for wireless infrastructure investments, a big part of it. So we see that investment coming in chunks, and we sell a lot of content when that happens at very high-margin products of our fiber optics. And then -- so, but that's pretty much what we continue to see in wired infrastructure. In industrial, things have gone down a lot, things did go down a lot late last calendar year and Q1, Q2 of our fiscal year this year. And since we have been on the recovery. Recovery has been very limited, as I said, very focused in Asia, and also been relatively slow in a sense that it's mid single digits if you look at worldwide. And really what we see is China is probably growing faster than that, in maybe around 10%. But the rest of the world is kind of flattish. So it's kind of a pull, up, and when you average it out, it's mid single digit. And we see that continuing for the next six months or so. Beyond that, I don't really know. But that's our view of the world as we see it right now.
Hock Tan: No, no. Let me clarify. Sorry, maybe I wasn't clear enough. As you know, Romit, most of our industrial go to distributors, whether it be Europe. Most of it, not all, but China, Japan or the United States, North America, go through distributors, and we recognize revenue on a shipping basis to distributors. On a resale basis from distributors as well as direct OEM business we sell to certain large industrial OEMs, the revenues, resale, I should say, has been steadily recovering. As I say worldwide, we see it around mid single digits for the last couple of quarters. It's been steadily recovering. Now, a lot of that recovery comes from China where we see resale actual consumption by OEM customers in China industrial, actually growing close to double digits, 10%, early on was even faster, it kind of slowed down a bit, but it's still pretty okay. The rest of the world, be it North America, Europe, it's pretty flat. Even Europe was down, has been down, Japan and US has been pretty flat. So, average about mid single digit. And that's what we saw. What we saw last quarter, July quarter, was fairly -- was a continued recovery in industrial, especially in China. What we did was we replenished a lot of inventory in our distributors. And that's why when resale was growing last quarter, industrial resale was growing mid single digits, we were growing in the mid-teens on our shipping basis. What we're also seeing therefore in Q4 is we're pulling back on that and actually we'll likely burn inventory because what we're foreseeing is resale in industrial will continue mid single digits in our October quarter, Q4, but our ship-in to distributors, which is how we recognize most of the industrial revenue, will actually be down.
Hock Tan: Well, there are couple of advantages, most notably of which is obviously when you bundle -- when I say bundle, let me be clear about clarification. We don’t sell two discrete elements together. If we do, it certainly is coincidental more than pre-planned, because the customer, the OEM customer can design and have a duplexer, which is one an FBAR is, quite differently and laying it out then from designing in a power amplifier, that discrete element. What we do is many customers in architecting their [look] of their handsets would find it beneficial, and we totally agree. We find it beneficial that you put a power amplifier and a duplexer on the same -- of handling the same spectrum, the same band, in a single package. They call it a frontend module, and it gives a lot of flexibility in design. We'd like to believe by matching the duplexer with a power amplifier ourselves, we optimize yield by optimized performance itself. And of course for us it's increased content. It doesn’t necessarily improve our gross margin or product margin, in fact usually it doesn’t, as opposed to selling a discrete FBAR. But it definitely increase the content and it definitely, in our minds, improve design flexibility for the OEM customer.
Hock Tan: Roughly industrial, that's a tough one. Roughly, I would say, yeah, it's -- this is where we ship revenue, not necessarily where we design. It gets transferred to Asia to be built. I would say it's interesting in that regard. It's probably about -- Europe, Asia, is probably around the same amount and they probably comprise 60% between the two of them. And Japan and North America takes the other 40%. So, you may say 30%, 30%, 20%, 20%.
Hock Tan: It was relatively constant. Well, it comes in spurts. Beginning quarter was pretty strong. Slowdown middle quarter and restarted again by the end of the quarter.
Hock Tan: It tends to follow resale. With a little lag. You know how distributors are like. They see a strong resale, they jump at it and they rush. So there is a lag.
Hock Tan: Not with me right now and I'm very low to give it to you because it varies every -- it varies a lot. It fluctuates, because every -- just about every OEM handset maker has a different architecture, and it depends on mix in each OEM that dictates the mix in our products.
Hock Tan: Well, we continue to have pretty good traction among the Chinese whitebox guys and data card manufacturers too I might add, because as you, know both Huawei and ZTE are among the largest two data card manufacturers in the world, and they also make smartphones. And we've pretty good traction with pretty much all of them, as well as small tier 2 guys like Lenovos and a few -- a bunch of other names. It's just the strength of our sales organization in China that enables us to keep sustaining that business.
Hock Tan: I'll give you one. At the resale sounding a bit high pitch about our business model. If you sit here right now, last quarter or this quarter, or last quarter, I would probably say LTE phones using FBAR could be 20%. If you ask me a year ago -- a year from now, I would probably say 50%, 40%, 50%.Mark Lipacis – Jefferies & Co.: Fair enough. Thanks.
Hock Tan: Carrier routing is always lumpy and very often very short lead times as far as equipment and even our fiber is concerned. See, our products go into a very specific area in carrier routing. We're not that much in EDGE routing; we're very much in the core routing side. So you're really talking about few OEM customer who do core routing and just as few service providers who use those kinds of throughput, core routing throughput in their networks associated in backhaul. So, yeah, it gets very lumpy necessarily, but it's very substantial and very profitable, but very lumpy. So, you're right. I mean, you read -- even as you say, you read the Cisco remarks, it's hard to figure from it how it translates to our business outlook. All I can tell you is, what we saw last quarter, which was pretty good and what we feel is likely to happen given how strong it is last quarter in this current Q4.Ian Ing – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you much.
