Hock Tan: Well, over the years, you’re correct, we have been gaining share and as we talk generally about those shares, generally these ASIC have a long product life cycle and gaining share tends to take a while, a few years before you show up -- it shows up in revenues. And I guess, what we’re seeing now is the outcome -- the revenue outcome of share we had gained in previous years and we continue to gain share, especially we’ve -- on very, very high-speed, high-performance networking switches, routers, even vector processing machines.
Hock Tan: It is sizable. It’s just that, see, our strength, our basic strategy in Wireless, be it RF cellular, analog or Wireless connectivity, WiFi that is Bluetooth combo is about the features, the engineering advances that innovation we provide with those solutions and those were -- and we continue to do that generation after generation. However, this tends to be very expensive, relatively speaking product, but they offer very, very unique differentiated features to our customers. So that’s -- it’s usually only a very high-end segment of the market that takes this on, and you’re right, it would include the Chinese that to the extent that the very high-end flagship status bring in status phones. But it’s a much smaller percentage than our core business, which is largely the flagship phones from our North American customer and our big Korean customer.
Hock Tan: Pretty much the same, Blayne. You hit it right on. Our Wireless business is very, very -- more predictable, there’s a product roadmap, every generation we come up with -- every generation of phone, which is every year virtually. We come up with a new set of new product, a new set of features, capabilities that our solution provides for our flagship customer -- phone customers and with it typically more content as we call it, because there are more bands or there are more features or there are more channels that Wireless connectivity needs in delivering the high-performance data signals that phones are rapidly becoming. So, like, it is, other than that, the fact that it keeps innovating, it keeps becoming a much more, more and more an engineered product, but it’s very much the same kind of business we had.
Hock Tan: No. It’s no surprise to you guys, right? Right now, I suspect the -- not suspect, their strong seasonality in consumer PCs and hard disk drives are running very strong. It’s also partly because enterprises, Cloud are buying a lot of hard disk drives because of enterprise great name shortages too and we -- so we benefit a lot on the storage side. But also we’re seeing a lot of Cloud spending on the storage side of the business, which is where our MegaRAID, our SAS storage connectivity or our server storage connectivity side of the business is also showing renewed strengths, even at this late stage of the Grantley generation, temporarily it’s coming next when we expect a big lift, but it’s interesting to see this lift also happening at this time. So we’re seeing across as I mentioned pretty much all sectors in our Enterprise Storage portfolio.
Hock Tan: Yeah. What is implied here, Ross, the other side to it is, our appetite and acquisition hasn’t changed at all. Interesting businesses out there that are actionable, we will consider and we will act prudently and appropriately. What is about, one, I’ll just say in terms of our new cash allocate -- capital allocation policy is we’re basically taking the view that we are taking on a significant amount of our debt as effectively like long -- on a long-term capital, as part of our long-term capital. And we feel comfortable in continuing to support that, which then basically opens ourselves for the opportunity to really create a lot of flexibility on our balance sheet and our ability to translate a lot of our operating cash flow into cash return for our shareholders, while not at all diminishing our ability to act on transactions, that make plenty of sense.
Hock Tan: No, no. I didn’t mention it. I didn’t mention it. And what -- a key part of our realization of a benefit to all this and particular in gross margin is, our gross margin continues to expand. You have seen that since February 1st this year, quarter-after-quarter and we continue to expand, even as we guide Q1 fiscal 2017, Q4 fiscal 2016 was 60.8% gross margin. We’re guiding it up to 61.5% and if you look at it closely by stepping up, we are not trying to tell you that’s a long-term trend. We have been stepping it up about 50 basis points every quarter sequentially and the benefit and the reason why that’s coming from is simply because very simple. We are getting synergies from material costs, some talk about investing CapEx into tests, a lot of tests of our silicon based products. These are very expensive tests. They’re talking investing $200 million on a lot of tests because we believe we have a more efficient way of doing it, we do our testing through consignment of test equipment, which we are adopting. It’s a good idea and the whole thing through all of that is, we are getting a lot of synergies on material costs, not just on our SG&A line.
Hock Tan: Okay. Our Wired business has done very, very well. In fact, to be direct about it, just before we closed the transaction, that means in the final due diligence stage and all that, looking from that point, starting point over the last nine months, it’s done much better than we had expected it to have done. We had seen this product has been very, very sustainable with our customers, been very, very strategic to a lot of our OEM customers and continuing to be that way. We continue to invest a lot in those areas that we particularly find them to be very, very core and sustainable, and we haven’t spend on that investment there and we are seeing it pay back a lot and by the way, when I say investment, it’s not just hardware, we’re investing a lot in firmware, software and support. So that business has done much better than we had originally thought we could get out of it.
Hock Tan: To be honest, we have no clue. For this one -- part of it is how resale is doing, especially through this holiday season. That’s when we start to know about it in the January timeframe. December is a bit too early to figure it out, but you’re right, typically at that -- in spring, we have the other large customer, OEM customer in Korea has a nice counterbalance and that helps. But, overall, for Wireless we expect Q2 as always to be bottom -- to be almost I call it the bottom of the seasonality. What’s very nice for us right now is the strength that I purposely indicated to you guys in my remarks, opening remarks, in our Wired and a strong recovery now as on early recovery in bookings on our broadband set-top box and carrier access in bookings recovery would actually then – would actually help cushion that seasonality we expect in that March, April, timeframe, which is our Q2. But that’s looking very far ahead, of course, which we as always never try to venture much of an opinion on.
Hock Tan: Okay. It’s just timing slippages or payments from Q4 to Q1 basically. But back to Oregon fab, yeah, I know that a lot of concern, comments or chatter out there, at least I hear it from Ashish, about where we selling of these in idle potential facility in Eugene, Oregon. As I said my remarks, and you hit it right on, John is, and I say that right at the get-go when we bought this fab. It’s an insurance policy. That’s the way to describe it. It’s an insurance policy, because we were in the midst of increasing our capacity in Fort Collins by taking all our 6-inch lines, which is entire line a year plus a go, two years ago, and bringing, converting them into 8-inch in phases, but we’re converting to 8-inch. And by the time we converted all 6-inche, we’ll get a 72% increase in capacity without any further expansions of the footprint, which is pretty cool, which will be pretty much what we need over the next two years, 72% increase. And our initial couple of phases of conversion, which has happened over the last year or two, year and a half, has gone very, very well. Yields are up to normal. Everything is running very well. So we feel very comfortable and in my usual way of making sure we don’t overspend money, we don’t want to hold onto an idle facilitate that we paid some operating expenses on an ongoing basis. In other words, I don’t need insurance policy anymore.
Hock Tan: Well, I -- to be honest with you, first and foremost, I don’t have the data in front of me. And if I do as a policy, we generally don’t try to break it down, because then you would be torturing me every of this earnings call about what is number gone down now. But broadly it’s not the size of HDD re-channel at this point. And do we hope to cushion some the long-term gradual decline in HDD associate? Yes, we do. That’s why we go into this, because that has similar capabilities and designs that we transfer engineers from our – of our – transfer engineers from our SoC to this area, very nicely. And so we are seeing two strings of revenue in our, so to speak, our storage drive business right now. And it’s just that in this season where flash seems to be – Enterprise Flash seems to be in short supply. We are seeing enormous demand from couple of OEM customers for flash controllers. We do customize flash controller, I should say, we do for these OEMs that are used for SAS-based Enterprise Drive, which are the high-performance enterprise drives. So it’s very interesting and it is significant enough to be rather meaningful in overall mix.
Hock Tan: Interesting – yeah, but one thing you did say is very correct. The two are running almost in – well, not run -- the two will be running in parallel down the road. You’re right. Most of this routing program – routing call or edge routing and aggregation to some -- to larger extent data centers now are using, are used to be using a lot of ASICs, which is great for my ASIC business. What we are also seeing is some of this cloud guys they’re moving to merchant silicon, which is Jericho, Cameron as you put it. And that’s early stage compared to the ASIC side. So we are very well positioned on the ASIC side and we are well-positioned now as we ramp up Jericho in edge and certain parts of [inaudible] aggregation especially. And is -- to answer your question it’s very early. That Cameron, Jericho side is barely -- you say 10%, I’m surprised. I think it’s a bit more than that at this point. But then it could be data we may be looking at different parts of different sets of data. But it’s definitely not one-third yet. It’s in the range of I would call it 20% to 35% of those parts available, because there’s still a lot of the ASIC being used. But that push, that trend over the long term we are seeing is towards standard open merchant silicon, you’re right. And we are seeing that, especially not just only in the cloud – hyper cloud Tier 1 guys, we’re seeing that among the operators, who are pushing for standard silicon, standard SAS for their networks and data centers. And that’s also putting a lot of pressure in push – in driving up use of Jericho especially, but it’s also interesting in the sense that many OEMs are now coming -- working with us on both sets in parallel, which is why I say there will be coexistence of the two approaches, and ASIC, silicon for routing and together with merchant silicon.
Hock Tan: Unlike to believe that, one replaces the other, though, but you’re right. And for once they can’t just use software to upgrade it. They actually need a relatively new chip, which is good for us. But we are seeing it, but it’s a gradual trend. It’s not a one -- it’s not an avalanche. It will be a gradual trend and we are in the midst of it or the beginning, the early part of the uptrend on 4K.
Hock Tan: We’re in the midst of carrier aggregation as you know now. It’s happening a lot in the U.S., it’s happening in China, in spades, so which is by the way a good way for us to sell our chips even to the low cost sensitive Chinese phone makers. Base station carrier aggregation in China and those are very difficult chips to do and we have the best performing chips, so we got a very good share in that even in China but even cost sensitive. In other words, they have chip stop everywhere except the carrier aggregation chip, which is interesting. But in terms of the big flagship phone makers that I mentioned earlier they have it all in spades. This is usually downlink carrier aggregation. In another year or two, we will see uplink carrier aggregation in additional, all towards saving infrastructure costs, base station costs and that will be another lift. That’s why I say year-by-year as I look over the next several years, that RF cellular permits that we develop and sell to those flagship phone makers continues to get more and more complex, more and more context.
Hock Tan: The Brocade deal may have accelerated somewhat, but not really make a difference. We are trending towards it. It may take us a bit longer, without Brocade, may or may not, but we will get there. We’re very confident. This model now is a long-term model, obviously, it’s not a model just for 2017 -- fiscal 2017. I would say it’s a model over the next three years that we would meet or exceed that 45% operating margin with or without Brocade.
Hock Tan: Yeah. Well, yeah, see our business model is very financially driven. We sell components. We sell very engineering based components where each of -- in each of our product lines, business units, we are the -- not just the market leader, we are the technology leader, very, very clearly. This can be the niche market that some of them have become and our big end markets, regardless that’s our business model. And our acquisitions as you put it, as we put it, is not about targeting any specific area, it’s more about targeting businesses out there that become available that have a very strong potential to be, to meet those criteria. I mentioned about established markets, technology leader and very successful in areas they are -- in the market they are in, be the niche or main. And automotive is one, yes, we might in on automotive if there potential opportunities there, but we don’t stretch and go out of our way to look at specific end markets where we want to play.
Hock Tan: Yeah. We’re not done with our synergies yet, especially on the operating synergies, OpEx synergies in below the line SG&A and we will start having -- we are now running on one ERP system, which is great, which would be -- which would help us a lot in terms of headcounts and expenses to be able to run it much more efficiently. And we will also see other synergies in other areas that in IT, workplace services that really play in a few other areas, and they all will come in over the course of at least the next six months, if not nine months.
Hock Tan: Both, we expect our long-term -- to answer your question where 45% comes from, it comes from both places. As you see us keep expanding our gross margin and we see that continuing for some period of time. We will start to approach particularly product makes as well together with cost synergies and scale on manufacturing overheads as we cover -- as we broaden our product lines, scale our product lines over the same set of manufacturing support teams to come closer and closer to 65%. Our OpEx, R&D and SG&A will run closer and closer to 20%, if it’s not already there. R&D will continue to be at 16%, 17%. I think it’s a basic thing. And our SG&A is ahead also, less than 4% now closer and closer to 3%. So you can see where our 45% is. Now that’s not going to happen in 2017, guys, but it’s where over time we will be able to drive this OpEx.
Tom Krause: Ross, let me hit that first and then if Hock wants to add something more he should. At the end of the day it’s a balance, right, we looked at the scale of the free cash flow. We looked at the M&A landscape relative to that scale and we wanted to maintain flexibility on the balance sheet and remain in and around our target of two times EBITDA in terms of leverage. And so when we put that together and in light of the fact that we’re very focused on the dividend relative to any buybacks, 50% made sense.
Tom Krause: Okay. Let me hit the first one quickly, John, then I’ll pass it to Hock. The answer is timing of payments. We had a lot of obligations that we had placed orders and ended up making the payments rolling in the Q1 as opposed banking payments in Q4
Tom Krause: No, no. It’s a -- just as we discussed when we announced the deal. We’re targeting the second half of our fiscal year and all the regulatory filing processes that have to take place are on track. As to the divestiture, we don’t have any specifics to report at this point but we remain pretty confident that we’re going to be able to have a successful outcome there, and that’s off to a very good start and progressing well and hope to report on that relatively soon.
Tom Krause: It’s a good question, it’s something we monitor and focus on, as you might expect. I think the key take away is that our credit quality continues to improve and I think that’s going to drive a lot of our decision-making around how we think about floating versus fixed in our long-term capital structure. But I’ve got to leave it there in terms of talking about specifics on how we might think about solving the floating rate risk going forward.
Tom Krause: Yeah. And let me add also the revenue trajectory and how the revenue bumps around, especially related to the 5% targets we have also will help drive that number.
Tom Krause: Sure. I’ll take it. On the latter question around SBC, we certainly break it out very explicitly in our comments and our results. So we think we’re addressing that pretty much head on. In terms of – in terms of the buybacks, I mean, we’ve addressed this number of times. We look at dividends as a more permanent return to capital, a better indication of how we feel about our business, obviously, we talk a lot about the sustainability of the franchises that we own, and I think, that’s consistent with our model.
