Hock E. Tan: Wow, lots of questions there. Let me try to parse that and go one by one. Let's talk about market trends short term, Q4 and specific to the rest of the year. What we do see is, other than our 2 largest smartphone OEM customers, in the higher-end phone range especially, we see a few other phone OEMs launching new phone programs. I mean you have seen that especially on -- we see about Optimus, we see Nexus coming out and we see a few other Lumias coming out, around that, later in the year. But, obviously, the 2 biggest high-end smartphones makers are making the news and we see both programs launching this particular quarter, definitely in the second half of this particular quarter. And right now, as we perceive it, inventory is the least of our problems, in that regard of excess inventory. We are ramping up very, very strongly to try to meet demand. Very, very strongly and very, very urgently just to meet demand of those several smartphone OEMs that we have to support at this stage, okay? That's pretty much what I would limit my discussion to, as to say. A lot of the bookings, a lot of the backlog is in place and what we're trying to do is really an interesting challenge to our supply chain to meet it all. But we'll get there. Then, as far as the second part of your questions on mix, in the short term, both are happening. There are quite a few satellites and discrete FBARs, satellite PAs and discrete FBARs that happens. We also obviously see, from our perspective, quite a bit of head architectures that are also happening. And it varies, obviously, from OEM to OEM, and the best way to answer is we see both. We are seeing both as we see right now. Obviously, increased FBAR architecture comes from increased LTE bands that are now put into a lot of these high-end smartphones, which needed to be supported and yet not some of them. Many of them are not supported as pads but rather supported on a discrete basis. So we see quite a considerable mix of both in this next 6 months, I guess the best way to describe it.
Hock E. Tan: Well, obviously, we're not trying to be too smart about it. Consumption, definitely showing consumption a bit tricky. But I'll tell you what we see in China. In China, a lot of customers are not huge and their management of supply chain is extremely short term. And what we do see, what we have always seen in China and continues that way, is when they perceive end markets to be not as strong, they'll be the first, our Chinese customers in industrial, will be the first to disappear from the demand horizon. And when things go turnaround, they're always the first to show up and they tend to probably replenish their de-stocked inventory level very quickly. And I believe a big part of what we're seeing in Q3 was exactly what happened. A lot of OEMs, small OEMs, midsized OEMs in China came in and bought, and bought pretty heavy. And our China -- revenue -- industrial business in China grew double digits, strong double digits I should say. As they did in Japan and yet Japan is different in a sense. There was a lot of exports in Japan perhaps helped by the yen, also helped by lumpy business related to machine-to-machine tool and automation investment or handset makers in China. And so we see a combination of that influence. As far as channel inventory is concerned, we didn't see -- keep in mind, for the last 2 quarters, we have been de-stocking our channel inventory. So what happened last quarter, we've -- especially Chinese customer jumping in and replenishing their stock, our channel inventory also went up. Overall, our total channel inventory went up about less than mid-single digits overall. So, while it did go up, it's in a limited basis. So most of the OEMs took on the parts.
Hock E. Tan: Seasonality, as it used to, in past years, seems to have largely, not totally, but largely disappeared. And frankly, it disappeared because the timing of phone launches, at least with the markets where we address, seems to have overridden that seasonal trends. So it's more the timing, and especially the timing of large phone OEM makers. In this particular case, I'll start with Q4, what we are seeing here is -- our strength here is seen by 2 of our largest customers in wireless are launching their next-generation phone platforms almost at the same time, very interesting. And so we are seeing, basically, revenue aggregating, I guess, in one quarter. Probably another quarter beyond that one. Not making a forecast here, but it seems it will probably run over, does it's effect of this quarter and you'll probably rollover to the quarter after that, but in a very, very strong manner. Now they're not the only guys who -- because we seem to see some other phone OEM makers, we're also launching new phone platforms somewhere over the current September, October, November timeframe also, especially September, October timeframe. So everybody seems to rush in and maybe that's also tied to seasonality for Christmas. I just happen to think that maybe a larger part of it is they choose to do it all at the same time, by coincidence or maybe not so coincident. And that's what's happening this quarter. Meanwhile, back to last quarter. Last quarter was, obviously, a different interest because there wasn't any particular large phone launches, that we see for ourselves, that would benefit us last quarter. It was more a broad-based sustainability of smartphone OEM customers coming in for demand. And it was pretty nice too, because it still enabled us to grow 3%, maybe less than what we had expected. But, all things considered, wasn't too bad from our perspective. But it was more a variety of the other multiple phone makers all sustaining, and in some cases, launching new programs that kept our revenue and then sustained our wireless revenue last quarter. This particular quarter is unusually impact of 2 big guys and several other small guys launching new phone programs.
Hock E. Tan: Now most of our -- excluding CyOptics, most of our wired infrastructure business, do not go through distribution, right away. Most of it goes right direct to our large OEM customers. The likes of Cisco, among others, in Juniper and there is others. And, well, I mean we saw pretty decent growth in Q3, in fact, very good growth in Q3, especially on the ASIC side. We probably expect to see a bit of a pause, as is typical, and we're going by that. Having said that, on the fiber side, we're continuing to see a lot of strength, especially now with the return of core routing this particular Q4 quarter. So, yes, when we weigh these 2 things together, which is basically a relative slowdown after very robust Q3 for ASIC but continuing strength in our fiber. And that hasn't slowed down, in our view, from Q3. We probably do not expect the 18% sequential growth in Q3 to be able to sustain in Q4. But it's nothing to do with any fundamental trends in the end market. The fundamental trend is data center spending. This continues to sustain and be strong and the conversion in this data center spending, the build out, rollout of data centers, not just in America, in China as well, is driving a lot of demand for 40G optical transceivers, as well as the switches and routing, the switches, especially data centers switches that go through a bid that will drive our ASIC business. So that's still there, that's the strength from Q3 to Q4 unchanged. And what is now thrown into the Q4 mix is core routing. But offsetting that is we do not expect our ASIC demand, our shipment, to be as strong in Q4 as it has been in Q3.
Hock E. Tan: Well, as I've always mentioned in prior conference calls, FBAR is used -- has been used -- continues to be used only because customers have really no choice but to use it and it's because of certain bands, SAW filter doesn't work as well and FBARs are used. And when you focus on China, the same thing does apply in the sense that TD-LTE does require FBAR as due because of the interaction coexistence, so to speak, with Wi-Fi. And so we are seeing demand for those FBAR filters in China very nicely, ramping up very nicely. And in some of those -- and in -- while it's -- basically, we -- we do see competition now. We expect to see competition. But that's not unexpected. And for us, our demand continues to be very solid in China as TD-LTE handsets starts to roll out more and more.
Hock E. Tan: Oh, diversification, I don't know the answer to that. I'm really unable to comment on that because it very much depends on how those guys perform with their products out in the marketplace. And boy, if I do know that, I'll be doing another occupation eventually [indiscernible], but no, it's very hard. And so I do not know if it can be diversified. Right now, it's fairly diversified, I might add. The 2 largest handset OEMs, I might add, is -- represents what we sell to them, represents less than the rest of our handset revenues, our wireless revenues.
Hock E. Tan: Well, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we see that competitive landscape in FBAR filters and filters, in general, particularly, be evolving very much as we expect it to. I mean, we will never expect they will be the only player in this market. I will always -- we want to be the best and most successful player in this market. And we have been to date and we expect to continue to do so. And to answer your specific first question on -- related to TriQuint, I mean, TriQuint is a competitor, a good competitor, I might add. And what I'm trying to get at is as far as what they guided, I can't comment on. But certainly, what we guided, we do not really see ourselves losing any market position, as I mentioned in my opening result. If anything else, we continue to strengthen our markets when we continue to see evaluated sockets that we are able to position ourselves very well in. And I should add, and we continue to hold our profitability in this business very, very well.
Hock E. Tan: Well, that's interesting. You're asking for a long-term thing, not just a couple of quarters that passed. Tell me out 1 year or out, and I'll be -- I'll tell you, we expect gradual industrial recovery because industrial, over the past and before this quarter and last -- especially before Q3 last fiscal quarter, industrial as an overall end market demand, has actually declined. And it's a secular decline, in my view. And I think we are seeing a gradual steady recovery of industrial that has happened with recovery of various economies. And with the fact that China needs to spend some money on infrastructure development, no doubt they are not -- maybe not as large as it used to be in 2010. But still, they need to spend, as we pointed out, this quarter for Q3. And they continue to spend this quarter on power distribution, power generation and high-speed transportation. We see -- and we see a recovery gradually of America and even the European economies. So I see industrial over the past -- next 12 months to gradually recover. We see from our end, we will go improve with the tide. As far as wired infrastructure is concerned, we have quite a few fairly exciting products that are very unique, very proprietary, very valuable to several of our OEM -- large OEM customers, which will launch over the next 12 months, which will enable us, we believe, to outperform even the enterprise networking industry. And so we see that as really a strong growth pattern. And within all this, in the context of all this, we see our wireless business, if you look at it year-on-year, grow at about 10% to 20% year-on-year. And we have been doing that around mid-teens for the last 3 years or so, and I don't see that changing. Is within a year, the wireless business does get rather seasonal, as someone put it earlier, I call it more volatile within a year as we move quarter-to-quarter. But when you look year-on-year, our wireless business has been steadily growing at around 15% a year. And the funny part about it is I do expect over the next 12 months or so that, probably, our wired infrastructure business might even outgrow our wireless business.
Hock E. Tan: Well, I guess, let me try to address it in a broader context, JoAnne. What you're really asking, if I could put it in a simple -- in a more direct context, is, are we seeing a lot of competition in FBAR filters? I would preface that by saying, we always have competition from SAW filter manufacturers, from SAW filters. SAW filters may not perform as well as FBAR, but in many, many bands, they perform adequately. And given the price differential between FBAR and SAW filters, many phone makers prefer to use SAW filter cost point of view. Having said that, the increasing number of bands, some of them in China and in Europe and even North America, where those bands require the use of FBAR filters or duplexes, I should say, or filters, in order to get -- receive signals in an adequate -- in a satisfactory manner to meet those specs. And in those areas, we have, as I mentioned in my remarks, seen some emerging players showing up and offering those kind of -- similar kind of FBAR filters, perhaps. That's true. Having said that, we are still, by far, larger. We are still also, in terms of technology and design performance, by far, well ahead of all those. But having said that, we are not taking that -- we are not -- we're obviously taking those competitions seriously, and we will continue to do that. And the way we do that and stay ahead of the game is we continue to design filters faster and better even in terms of next-generation filters for the same band, much better than our competition. And really, it's all about staying ahead in the marketplace. We do see some of that. But as I pointed out earlier regarding an earlier question related to the same thing, we're still very far ahead of the curve, and we intend to remain that way. And we certainly intend to differentiate ourselves either on a discrete basis by having very high-performing filters for some of the phones or bands in China that requires those filters in TD-LTE and Wi-Fi or that we couple it with, as you pointed out, power amplifiers, very good performing amplifiers, to create what we call front-end modules or pads, which takes away -- which removes a lot of competition from players who either do not have FBAR filters or do not have power amplifiers [indiscernible], okay? And that's -- there are not many players out there who have both FBAR filters and power amplifiers, and by that, I mean have those capability in a very, very advanced and technologically progressive manner. There are very few out there.
Hock E. Tan: We believe -- JoAnne, to answer your question, as I mentioned earlier, most of our businesses in wireline or wired infrastructure, I should say, we sell both fiber optic transceivers and high-speed SerDes-based ASICs, tend to be direct to those OEM customers. And obviously, there are not that many of them around that does those kind of -- and we focus on enterprise networking, enterprise basically rather than telecoms for transport. And I conclude, as part of enterprise, data centers guides a new breed of players who are coming in and building their own data centers, people like Google, as an example, or Facebook or Amazon, among others. So there's a mix of players there. But having said that, our core customers are the likes of Ciscos, Junipers and a few other OEM names, which we support very closely, we develop products that are, in some cases, unique and proprietary to these people so that they can effectively provide a solution sale to the likes of Google, Amazon and others as well. And so it's a situation both in ASICs and fiber interconnects but particularly the proprietary version of fiber. They have very close engagement with those customers. And we continue to be very, very closely engaged, obviously because we do have technology that those customers value very much.
Hock E. Tan: To answer your question on that, on the waiting, don't have answer to you. I don't have that ratio in my mind. But it is increasing very fast. And obviously, to answer your question, yes, we do see demand for TD-LTE bands right now for filters and BAs [ph]. But in terms of ratio, sorry, I can't answer your question on that. I don't have the data.
Hock E. Tan: No. I don't think we have really seen any of that landscape, any of those changes in landscape happening yet. I'm speculating to some extent when I say that. But all I merely said was that if the architecture of phones move towards pads or front-end modules with both power amplifiers and filters within a single module, there are not many players out there with the way we've done, with the capability or capacity to handle in large volumes both in the same -- both power amplifiers and filters in the same front-end module. That might be a bit challenging. But that aside, even in filters, FBAR filters, in its own right, okay? As I mentioned, we're in generation #8 or 9 in FBAR filters. And now simple, simple strategy to stay ahead, way ahead of competition, is to keep innovating and developing products that are -- that gets better and better and more and more cost-effective for our customers.
Hock E. Tan: SAW filters is still very prevalent. And we see people always -- or we see other emerging players always offering what we call similar Bo [ph] or FBAR filters. And by the way, TriQuint does it in Bo [ph], not FBAR filters, and fairly different in many ways. And we don't see the landscape changing that dramatically. It's evolving. There are new players and only new players coming in. And by the way, the SAW filter guys, we don't underestimate either, because they get their products out better and better every year as well. And we contend -- as we've been contending their reviews. But in terms of -- from a bigger perspective, overall landscape, has things dramatically changed? No. Answer is no.
Hock E. Tan: We always try to be conservative, Ed, because it makes your plan -- makes the results of wrong planning come out better. So we do try to be a bit somewhat conservative.
Hock E. Tan: Let's start with 10 to 40. Well, when, right, I think, in the midst of -- for large data centers -- a lot of large data centers, we're in the midst of seeing build-outs of data centers that uses 40 GB, obviously, because there's -- it's 4x the bandwidth for every port. So we are seeing a lot of that happening. And it's interesting, simultaneous to that happening, we are obviously seeing a lot, as we have been seeing for the past 12 months, and continuing acceleration of doing conversion of 1 GB to 10G. Well, that's also happening. But certainly, what we've seen over the last several months is very, very strong surge for 40G. And that -- a lot of that are going to obviously large data centers, large build-out data centers [indiscernible] for social networking or just in some situations, perhaps, a traditional enterprise spending. But we tend to see a lot of it more in those guys doing cloud infrastructure. So that's very, very strongly happening. But within enterprise data centers, 100 GB, we are not seeing it, obviously. That's why 40 GB is happening. 100 GB, 100G in, I guess, equipment, 100G interconnect are just interconnect being for short-reach data centers as opposed to the telecoms, fiber optics, transport. From the enterprise point of view, very little of that, if any, has happened. I think there's more. 100G will be more of a 2015 event rather than right now. Right now, what we're seeing is more 40G.
Hock E. Tan: Well, see, it's -- a really funny trend is happening, which might be a bit confusing, is we -- yes, I did comment in my prepared remarks that high-end smartphones have been growing very fast for the last few years, have certainly appeared to have slowed down as apparent from launches by a few large OEMs that have kind of disappointed. So maybe that -- so on the high-end side smartphones, high-end smartphones have slowed down, though I think low-end smartphones conversion from feature phones are still continuing very well. So that's one trend. But in the other side -- the opposite side of the trend is in a lot of smartphones, especially even the high-end smartphones that appeared to have slowed down, the content is accelerating. We are now talking about smartphones that has and going to 10 bands in 1 phone. And over the next 1 to 2 years, 2 years -- within 2 years, going to over 15 bands in 1 phone. And that's probably because of the proliferation of bands, LTE especially coming in, and the requirement for LTE phones, as I many times pointed out, to be backward interoperable with 3G, which has a whole [indiscernible] UMTS, which has multiple bands. And even back to EDGE, 2G or CDMA, which has itself its own set of bands. So when you add it all up, each phone, each smartphone begins to carry a fairly sizable amount of bands. And as you know, each of those bands require their own peculiar unique RF composing nature and components. So content is what drives it. That's what we are seeing now. Of course, I love for my 2 largest OEMs to keep growing share and grow bigger as other OEMs that has bought. But reality of what we are very good at is, as I said, we're getting more and more content in those same phones.
Hock E. Tan: I can't determine what's going to happen in the next quarter of ours. But what I have in this quarter is I'm ramping as aggressively as we could. And it's very fortunate that we have put in place our expanded capacity, as Tony alluded to, in our FBAR wafer fabs and related back-end lines that we are able to try draw that. But lead times for us is [indiscernible] -- we're trying to do it as fast as we can. Customers are not really asking -- these large OEM customers don't look for lead time, they look for supportability as fast as possible. And our capacity, our enlarged capacity, actually, is enabling us to address that.
Hock E. Tan: Well, let me be very precise here. When we stepped -- we sell -- when we referred to 40 GB, in particular, it's wired enterprise networking for us, which include data centers. There are 2 subsystems or components we sell in this market. There's the ASICs we support, selected OEM customers' ways. And many of these ASICs, especially, go into this new generation of switching switches and routers that are -- that -- which -- that supports 40G data transport -- data transfers, I should say. So that one, we are one step removed, but that's obviously what you're referring to as much because we don't sell boxes, we sell ASICs. And they are pretty much extended prices predetermined years ago. And then the other part of business we sell is fiber optics transceivers or interconnects, you want to call it that, that populate and allow data to be transferred from 1 switch -- from a switch to the server -- to another switch or router. And those -- where we sell those are in the enterprise short-reach data centers, as well as enterprise networking. And here, I'll be direct, we see very little competition, much less price degradation. Okay, maybe you're referring to 40 GB long-reach transport for metro networks and those stuff. And that, by the way, we now have visibility through our acquisition of CyOptics, whereas CyOptics sales do sell and continue -- has been selling the lasers and chip components to support module makers who make those products to sell into that space. And that's possible because 40G single mode for data transport, metro networks have been around now for a couple of years, at least, if not longer and for quite a while now. And those probably have seen some price competition, especially on the module side, but not on the enterprise networking side of the whole thing, where you're talking more short reach in data transfers.
