Hock Tan: All right. Are you getting very sticky and picky, all right, but to answer your question, it's largely from the certain North American customer that's driving the bulk of the growth. Having said that, the Korean customers does show growth as well on its own, but obviously not to the extent the North American customer is doing because it’s a ramp. It’s the beginning, I could use the word, beginning of the ramp, for their next generation phone and tied to that is this July quarters, our two current quarter Q3, will not show them the full impact of an entire quarter of revenue ramp. It's just the beginning and very back loaded.
Hock Tan: All right. Well, we are seeing very strong booking, very strong demand for our switching and routing product line and along with that we carry related product, related products like you know, PHY, Retimer, all the stuff that are needed to connect various parts, elements of a data centre. So it’s a one big set of content, one might say that, and particularly obviously the switching and routing. Tomahawk as you know launched much earlier than the new Jericho. So Tomahawk is still on a ramp, it’s still on a pretty decent ramp I should say. And we are seeing very strong demand for it this quarter particularly on application, obviously it is used for top of the rack switching for data centers among the cloud and service provider guys. While we're also seeing very interestingly enough that was recently launched by some of our OEM customers, some more advanced OEM customers, is the use of our Jericho product line, [indiscernible] routers, or other way to describe it is a deeply buffered switch and that is increasingly been launched to use as the [spine] [ph] of the data center architecture. And why I put emphasize to the [spine] [ph] is today we just start to see the launch of their same product line deeply buffered on the leaf of that same data centre. So, and that's on an -- both on an accelerated revenue ramp as we're experiencing today. So, big part of this could be a product upgrade cycle we think -- we also believe, there's also very strong underlying build up demand in cloud computing data centers, be they in North America or among the hyper data centre guys or in China.
Hock Tan: Yes. Visibility is increasing by leaps and bounds everyday actually. Yes. There is supply constraint in certain areas and that does extend our lease time somewhat which we are working very hard to improve simply because we believe the demand is real out there. And yes, it does extend to Q4 and we are starting to have visibility on bookings and backlogs in Q4 as we sit here right now.
Hock Tan: I'll move from 6 inch to 8 inch in wafer fab for FBAR in Fort Collins is progressing very much on schedule. Our capacity having very much on track to what we've indicated to you guys right now. And we believe we have build constraint in been able to supply all our customers as we approach the seasonal peak this second half of this year.
Hock Tan: Very good question and looking at what is always a very scary proposition obviously, because I'm guessing and technology changes. I don't call disruption, I call evolutionary even if very evolutionary DCs and we have a very clear roadmap all three years. And I won't even say we'll go beyond three years. It's still hard to predict, but my estimate and guess will be, we will continue to keep doing the same level on a combined basis for the next two three years.
Hock Tan: Well, it’s a very good question and as Tom articulated I think very, very anecdotally at the beginning of his remark. We've given it – we have been very thoughtful about this basic issue, I call in an issue, its in a way its bit of a high class problem because we thing they are still opportunities, significant opportunities out there for us in Broadcom limited to continue to pursue a strategy we've adopted over the last several years of creating shareholder value by acquisition in this space. And we believe that. Hence as Tom articulated we are positioning ourselves. We are creating a capital allocations strategy that will enable – they'll position us very well to do that. But to answer your question in one, yes, we think the opportunities out there. They are very interesting and opportunistically and care properly, carefully we will keep pursuing that strategy.
Hock Tan: Sure. Thanks. Oh, no, on those traditional, you call it traditional, I call it a classic Broadcom as networking ASIC and fiber optics business, is still charging along very nicely. And we're still seeing growth both on fiber optics as well as on traditional ASIC. The reason we don't say it's much about it is because what we are seeing in comparison to the standard switching product portfolio that we're seeing out of classic Broadcom is very strong by comparison in this area of standard switching and routing is extremely strong and probably as I indicated driven by data centers in the cloud guide who are speaking standard solutions versus the enterprise side which is more driven driving towards using ASIC based solutions by the OEM.
Hock Tan: No, really isn't. There isn't. You know like moving from one to the other, no, I don't think so. We have not finished. I think it's still -- they are firm factors that are strong now. I know you mentioned your asset question earlier about both the Broadband, set-top boxes example of Carrier Access and the areas we are seeing lot of strength, one I mentioned is standard switching and routing. The other area we're seeing a lot of strength is Broadband Carrier Access which is PON and DSL and associated with it enterprise, wireless access point, all those connected together in basically pushing into infrastructure to some extend as well as campus environment and we think its streams through in that area. Similar to what we're seeing the level of strength in standard switching and routing. So, I see more specific areas, specific segments or niches in the overall wide market, not all are growing at a same rate. Some are going to less as I indicated and in netbooking ASIC, or fiber optics interconnect, but in carrier access and standard switching and routing we think very strong demand.
Hock Tan: Yes. Well, we are working through it and big part of it is lead time from the wafer fab have extended somewhat. And these products also take a more like standard period of time to go through the manufacturing process front end and back end. And with working to obviously accelerated, compress this cycle time and we believe we should be able to get there within a matter of couple of months, maybe no more than three months, but again it is a process. And a big part of it is demand that came within the lead shorter than the lead times necessary to produce those products.
Hock Tan: To correct you, we don’t take any rates. I don't think we ever mentioned about raising prices in classic Broadcom AVGO for that matter, we never did that. What we made mistake is that when we sell to the same customer multiple product lines and because of the - I guess the thing under benefit have been able to supply multiple products to the same customer at a same time fall platform sale, we're able to increase revenue known as pre-pricing top of that and so we’ve done and nothing of that.
Hock Tan: Okay. Romit, July has never been the big quarter, July in Q3 has never been the big quarter for us if you look back multiple years. Never has been. The big quarter has always been the October quarter, Q4, and never been July, simply because July is the initial ramp up. Okay, and in the back half of the July quarter precisely in the month of partially July, that we start to see shipment because of lead time taken to manufacturing – manufacturing we shift to the old to the contract manufacturers, all our OEM at that time and so you see a small part of it in the July quarter you see a full quarter of impact virtually in the October quarter and potentially if you look back two years ago you will continue to see in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 that end January 2017 before it rolls over the typical seasonality rollover – rollover where the trough will be the second fiscal quarter that we just finished.  So no different we are seeing there now, one May household you perhaps when you say wireless revenue ramping twenty odd percent in Q3 this year perhaps might be the best way to describe is for the various reasons I mention and you guys are very well aware of, Q2 this year for that particular generation of phone with something referring to has seen particular weakness known to everyone, and so you're stopping off from a bottom that cheaper than Q2 last year or the – audited for that method. So when you come up for such a bottom to a new generation of phone, which is still have the ramp up in the same fashion with the same kind of profile to reach a certain level of the possibility of supply.  So we suddenly see this big mid-20s ramp up. You're right, prior years Q2 to Q3 may not be that twenty odd percent. You'll take Q3 to Q4 to get that but this year is really not Q3 that different perhaps Q2. 
Hock Tan: Not the main focus, if I think that in, but if I say by the person or by which the four components are consumed and phones are produced and then shipped, sure Q4 is usually the big quarter of the any year rather than Q3. 
Hock Tan: Right. Absolute dollars obviously depends on how many phones of that particular generation what their goal.
Hock Tan: Okay, well. Remember some of the criteria for one term fall it’s a franchise product, we only have products that we consider meets within very discipline and very tight criteria of franchise. The most important is sustainability. We’re building a business for ten years, we’re not building a business for as well for 24 months, and I’d be direct most of the IoT products out there early – initially on in the cycle obviously are very much consumer driven, and we obviously saw things very hard and are very discipline or make thing sure, we preserve, we invest in product lines, we invest and we invest a lot in product line that are very sustainable for many, many years rather than product lines where we have to keep investing as the product line changes every year, every other year. And from our viewpoint because of that and because of the tight discipline we put ourselves under, we believe that this is a product line we prefer to have someone else. We have a different set of perspective investing and nurture then for us to deal with. Doesn't mean that they are wrong, we are right, or we are wrong, they are right, all it is beauty lines in the eyes of the beholder. 
Hock Tan: This is a very hard question to answer. And the fact that matter is, no we don’t know how to answer that question, I would be honest, because if you rather speculate and many of the designs are very full source design for particular OEM, so obviously there is no switch around. Having said from the bigger microscopic system, doesn't mean that design – that opportunity doesn't disappear to somebody else who are able to find a different set of boxes as opposed to component. So if something we're not able to predict for them at the estimate. 
Hock Tan: No it's a combination of several factors. One is our overall business model in this company and it applies across the multiple product lines we sell franchises like call it – we compete basically on technology. We have technology. I mean we're walking example of lots and lots of technology in various areas on all areas but in various areas that we feel we are very strong in. Technology includes engineers and IP. And we pride ourselves in therefore using that technology to create develop product which are very differentiated for leading customers in the market we participate. We really do and those customers we take very seriously. We are very loyal. We go 100% in for the customer, and we invest to develop those products. In return we ask for certainty, we ask for partners and we tend to like to enter into long term strategic partnership with a customer where they will continue to use us for future generations of products which enables us to continue to invest into developing technology and products, which enable them to be successful and that investment is not just technology in the case of the 8-K filing, the 10-K filing sorry, that we talked about, it was also capacity, unique capacity in as far.  So it's fit very, very nicely, but this is not an unusual kind of transaction. We do that with many of our major strategic customers, who we like to call partners but they'll more rather presumptuous because they are customer and we are the supplier. But we give them technology, we give them balance and we hope we do enough of that that they will sign up for long term partnership with us, which enable us to continue to invest and sustain that franchise and technology and that’s just a many frustration of one of many customers.
Tom Krause: Yes. Good question John. It’s really the timing of the realization of synergies, obviously we did better than we thought we'll do out of the gate first quarter and you saw that in the results. A lot of [indiscernible] to a certain extent is tied to system integration and lot of the back office activities that's very much on target to be completed early in the first quarter of next year. And so, I suggest we will see a bit of a pause here this quarter and perhaps a bit in the next, but as looking at the first half of next year you'll see the full realization.
Tom Krause: Okay. You broke up every few seconds, but if I get it right you're basically asking are we seeing content increase in our wireless revenue in terms of participation in all those premium handset. And as I've always said, year-to-year generation, obviously there are fluctuations in the level of content increase, but over a period of time we have experienced, we have seen and we'll continue to see a steady increase in content. And this is not just about FBAR front-end module content as more and more bands and carrier aggregation features comes into high-end phones. Now that we have Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, wireless connectivity, we are seeing the same phenomenon apply, exactly. I mean the parallel between those two product lines is pretty amazing from our perspective, and it is not coincidental. It's part of the reason it attracts us to our acquisition of Boardcom is the fact that wireless - we see wireless connectivity as a very strategic product line in handsets, particularly in high-end handsets, for instance, fully 80% of data [moves] [ph] to Wi-Fi today in most handsets, not LTE but Wi-Fi, and so the importance of improved Wi-Fi connectivity performance, particularly in form of capacity bandwidth becomes more and more demanding. Improvement becomes more and more needed. And as each generation occurs, our belief is that increasing bandwidth capacity, that increase in performance will follow for the same reasons that increase in requirements for FBAR filters show the same kind of improvement. So we expect – I've seen in FBAR filters that over the last few years content has grown by about 20% fairly steadily and I might almost apply the same principles to wireless connectivity for Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Tom Krause: So let me take that, I think when we talked about the deal announced that in my comments since we closed our target has been $750 million of line of sight synergies, so it’s a gross margin line relative to operating margin line. I think by enlarge we're still committed to that target. When you think about quarter-to-quarter sometimes all that difficult to articulate, but let me put it this way, I think by the time we finish the year exit this year will be roughly halfway through our target, which is a bit of ahead of plan, and then we'll realize the rest in the first half of fiscal year. I hope that gives you a little bit of support. 
