Hock Tan: Well, it's a very interesting question, a very, very appropriate question at this time. And as I say, we have had, as I indicated, we started this process nine -- almost nine months ago, because we’ve seen demand that are quite strong. And we started the process of thinking how we best ensure very, very good use of our supply chain capacity. And basically, as I said, we went through this process rigorously scrubbing our backlog. And by the way, our entire backlog virtually and backlog follow a set of terms -- of key set of terms we mentioned before, which is non-cancelable for any of our customers who booked us, and they still apply, more so than ever. So double bookings from our point of view, is not -- it's never been an issue. And as we stretch our lead times, we are seeing customers obviously booked for delivery dates for customer requests they set further out. So that makes sense, too. And that's why it makes the process of create or being able to match customer consumption close -- as close as we could do it against what we supply to be something that makes sense, and we've done that. And I think we are fairly -- we could always do better, but we feel pretty good that we have a reasonable process in place that ensures then our customers get the products and maybe just in time, but they do get the products when they need it. And we believe we have managed this process of supply, demand and imbalance fairly very, very well, as I indicated. And, in fact, as I made to repeat the point I highlighted, our revenue year-on-year in Q1 was up 17%, but as I also indicated, our bookings was up 63% that by itself proves there's a lot of demand and people are booking out very far. We are virtually 90% booked for 2021 and if you laid out what they need. And we believe this is real because they can’t cancel it. And obviously, in order to do reach that point to one of your points, has our backlog as we begin Q2 increase from when we began Q1, yes, it has. We have and quite significantly, as we start to see lead times even stretch out more. And the strength, we believe of our products, not only products that are incumbent and used today, but what is coming down the pipe as next generation products, which have already released, but await launching is proven by the fact that we have customers, many of them and reflecting our backlog while willing to book out for delivery of those products out through the rest of 2021.
Hock Tan: If you are really asking me to guide you until and I'm not guiding you. But I do understand your question. And you've seen in my prepared remarks just earlier of where we see ourselves planning and the trend to go. We have -- I've also specifically mentioned where we are manufacturing, like FBAR in-house, which is a big part of what is the upcycle in – the seasonal upcycle in the back half on the wireless side that we have put in place the capacity to handle it. The simple answer to your question is, yes, we have done a decent job, as I said, over the last six months and we continue to do a decent job of being able to meet our -- the critical needs of all our customers.
Hock Tan: Yes, on the latter part, yes, it is an outer year. This thing don’t get implemented so fast. And on the formal part of your question, I can answer that, I'm sorry. For obvious reasons it's too early. We will tell you about it when the time is appropriate. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Another way of answering that question, John, I think is when do you see lead time to reduce. Maybe do not reduce and perhaps normalize. That’s probably the other way of looking at that equation. And right now, I don't know the answer to that. What we do know is we have extended lead time. Today in place, and we've been extending the lead time over the past several months, as I indicated. And we have a fairly extended lead time today and we're getting the bookings from the customer. And when the bookings disappear is probably when you know you're headed to a situation of demand starting to disappear. We have not reached that point yet, far from it at this point.
Hock Tan: That's a hell of a good question by the way. And it cuts to the core of the work we've been doing. But never been working harder, simply because number one is, don't forget we supply -- we do supply -- I mean, we supply a range of products, and we do supply to a bunch of customers. But keep in mind, if I could remind you of the business model, we've built up the structure, we build up. We provide technology leadership product in multiple verticals, mostly connectivity into the IT space. Where we are with the leader, where we play, we tend to be leader and we play with leading customers worldwide. We know, who those guys are. We know the level of consumption. And in many areas where we go -- and we're talking end user demand. We're not talking about middle people, middlemen like distributors, for sure. We indicated that we don't -- for our leading customers, we don't go to distributors. And for OEMs, we track them because who they sell the end demand, that those -- our products to is where it counts at the end of the day. And in many cases of -- in one segment, in particular, server storage, but it also applies to some extent in part of our networking business and to a much lesser extent, in a broadband business, for sure. We actually see the difference between -- in terms of whether it's just inventory depletion at original equipment manufacturers or even buffer inventory sitting in end users versus actually using the products in the same quarter we ship them the product. We track that. And that’s really -- and for us, it’s not that complex when you think about our revenues. In semiconductors, 75% of our revenues really goes to just over 100 customers worldwide. We can track it.
Hock Tan: Yes. As I indicated in my prepared remarks on some of the key metrics we go by, we feel very, very good about those two. We feel very good that things are moving along and tracking along where we -- both the business and financial model where we expect them to go, which is about focusing on core customers and truly uplifting capacity, entitlements, products to those core customers across our portfolio. I mean -- and you’ve seen the metrics we indicated, they increased. And on noncore, you’ve also -- while we don’t say -- what I said previously is we do see a level of attrition, manageable, but it will and as the trade -- but is offset by improvement in core, we expect to be able to reach a stabilization, as I say, around mid single digits on a very consistent basis. And we have seen that 2 years now that we’ve gone through over 2 years now. And we’ve seen that happen. We have seen eight quarters -- nine quarters to be exact, of that level of performance and is a great line of sight. The other thing I might add that it’s also interesting and I know stating the obvious to some extent is most of all our customers, if not all of them, are enterprises, even in this environment. You heard when I tell by enterprise in semiconductors and how -- and the approach, the different approach, the different characteristics and behavior enterprises have in terms of demand requirements in this environment of a pandemic, work-from-home to -- compared to telcos, broadband and public cloud. We don’t see that in software, in the infrastructure software we have, simply because these are mission critical products, tools embedded in the business process of these largest enterprises in the world who, if anything else, during this environment, consume more of those products rather than less.
Hock Tan: Tim, if we are talking about -- when you say orders, and I hear you say orders, let me say, the orders, as we ramp up to this current generation of phones for a large North American customer, as we ramp it up for this current generation, bookings started ramping up as early as Q3, really shot up in Q4 and started declining late Q4 and Q1. So bookings was already declining. And when I indicated Q1 bookings year-on-year improvement of 80% and what I’m also saying is that is netting out a decline in bookings of our wireless in a fairly substantial manner as it would have -- you would expect seasonally. So the answer is, yes. What we are seeing, what I’m reflecting out to you guys, that I showed those bookings, the revenue is -- the bookings that we are showing in Q1, which is fairly strong, reflects declining bookings in wireless as we all fully expect seasonally in -- at that -- during that time frame.
Hock Tan: That’s a very interesting question. I was wondering when one of you guys will get to that and sure enough. You’re right, we are accumulating cash and you heard Kirsten mention it. We are generating cash -- in Q1, we generated $3 billion of cash. And that was -- Q1 also was -- is the time we pay out bonuses to all our employees. So if I normalize that, that’s about -- we’re generating $3.5 billion a quarter is free cash flow. So it’s building -- and half of that goes to dividends or almost half of it as you correctly say, so that’s predetermined. And the other half for now we are putting into an increasing cash portfolio and you’re right. Well, look -- and our business model and strategy, as you know long-term is to acquire and add on to our portfolio, add on to our earnings stream for our shareholders. And we take that very seriously, and we continue to look at it very seriously. If -- and so -- and that this takes time and we continue to look at it. And we want to take an approach -- my point that we would be somewhat flexible to that as we accumulate cash. And by end of this calendar -- fiscal year, we haven’t done an acquisition, we will obviously take a hard look at our two other choices. One is pay down debt. And that may even happen before then, pay down debt. But interest rates are very low and money is very available, and we’re still very investment grade. And the other alternative is buy back shares. And all these are open.
Hock Tan: Well, as I indicated in my prepared remarks when it comes to wireless, this is for 2021. Don’t forget there is some timing adjustment by Q2, Blayne, in the sense that what used to be a big quarter in our wireless seasonality of fiscal Q4, in this recent generation, the peak quarter, as I indicated, begin Q1 of '21. So obviously things roll down, perhaps somewhat slower. And because we are also assuming, as it rolls down slower in the course of fiscal '21, that we can -- we have to assume, for lack of knowing no better, that we might be back to a normal seasonal cadence of a wireless seasonality -- of wireless launch of new phones and assume that you will be back to that normal cadence. So '21 might look kind of compressed when you think of in terms of revenue, in terms of availability of a market for us to address. And then couple that with a content increase between '20 and '21, you therefore could understand why we -- I indicated that for the rest of '21 begin to look like a fairly significant 30% to 40% increase on a year-on-year basis as we run through each -- the remaining quarters of '21.
Hock Tan: Yes, great question. And I’ve been dancing around and saying it in nice words. Let me call it directly. People need our products, each of our products. And in particular, whether it’s broadband or networking, our customers, our end-user customers truly need the products. I mean they’re in the business. They’re in the business of launching more broadband, improving their networks. And all the cloud guys have to scale out data centers because there's more demand -- hosting a demand from public cloud in this work from home environment of social media and also online retail and everything else. So we need to buy those products of ours, whether it’s the current generation, which we have, that work of soon to be the next generation. So if we stretch our lead time to an extended basis, the thinking in their mind is these are non-cancelable orders. Do I still need it 6 months, 9 months from now? They need it, they place an order. Otherwise, they have a gap in being able to scale out capacity or scale out launches. They will do that. It’s a real test of how strong our product franchise is and how mission critical it is to our end users. And so -- so as we stretch out our lead time, where it goes from 3 months to 6 months to 8 months, they just book what they need 8 months out or first 3 months out first and 6 months out, then 8 months out. And you only do that if you truly believe you need that products to enable your business. And what I’m trying to say is, it is nothing more fundamental than why we are seeing as we stretch out lead time because we match it against our ability to get those products out, is a great way to indicate whether our products are needed. And they don’t need it now as much as the book -- as people might seem to indicate. They may need it 3, 6 months from now, but they are willing to lock in and say they need it so that we can manage our supply chain to get them those products, which is why I’m also saying the management of our supply chain to match demand. It’s not that extreme and simple as may be made out there that you hear around. It’s all about being able to tell your customers and get your customers to behave in a rational manner and for us, to manage it in a rational manner. I mean, if I ship, I have my entire backlog today, assuming I can even do that, of course, they will take it because they are all in the pending mode. But if on the other side, they know they can get it when they need it 6 months from now, they’re happy to wait until then. Meanwhile, they book it ahead of time because that’s one I need to reserve my capacity. And that’s the perspective I only give to you guys. It is what it is. This is not a panic mode. This is a very structured and reasonable process, which we believe at the end of it all, still shows real underlying demand and the way we want to report it.
