Hock Tan: Well, I mean supply is always something that is very much an issue of constrain in this environment as you well know. But the other side of the picture is we are really shipping as we have said, in previous calls several times.  We are -- to put it directly, we are shipping to exactly, we believe to what demand requires. By then, I mean end-user and demand requirements. We are trying very hard not to overshoot enough building pockets of excess inventory within our ecosystem. So, I think we're managing very much to what we see out there.
Hock Tan: Okay. Very interesting questions, Harsh. First and foremost, -- from outside, we try not to talk about customers specifically. And the same applies very much too strategic suppliers too.  So, I wouldn't comment at all on what you alluded to here, but as far as our capacity for 2022, I think we have gotten a pretty good supply availability lineup for 2022, and we feel pretty okay about then. I won't say great but, in this environment, all things considered, we're feeling quite good. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, enterprise -- traditional enterprise, as we define it, and I think I made a point of purposely demarcating the fact that in semiconductor, which focusing in semiconductor segment by itself. Well, you can literally look at our data of revenue selling into three distinct elements.  One is cloud and service providers, which we come together as one. And then there is consumer, which is very much our wireless business. And then [Indiscernible] companies out there, enterprises, we call traditional enterprise.  We do put Telco’s service providers, to make clear, as part of Cloud in that category, so we bring into three categories. And under that measure -- and the [Indiscernible] represents about half -- just around half of the total semiconductor revenues. And to basically answer your question, which I did indicate in my remarks on service storage and markets for our semiconductor business.  We have seen an improvement year-on-year of revenues in this set -- in server’s storage, which is 80%, at least 90% driven by the traditional enterprise. So, they are very good an indicator of what traditional enterprise is showing. We have seen it show of improving year-on-year compares and ending in the latest Q3, still high -- mid to high-single-digit decline from a year ago.  But we did also guide that, because of strong bookings that we have been seeing now for the last three months, at least from Enterprise, which is going through largely in the -- on the large OEMs, who in particular -- who integrate the products and sell it to end-users. We going to likely expand the enterprise to grow double-digits year on year in Q4. So, we see the point of crossover probably now Q4.
Hock Tan: Sure, happy to do that. What we are seeing now, what do we expect to see in 2022 in terms of [Indiscernible] direction, is we've seen -- you know in -- a Telco’s, service providers are running, well, quite hot. And it looks like they are sustaining as opposed to perhaps rolling over.  They seem to be sustaining where we are right now. Regarding enterprise, it's pretty much what we had indicated before and continue to see, which is a continuing trajectory of improving demand, spending, and demand. And we see that continuing to improve and grow this coming quarter, Q4, and beyond.  In fact, I would say that the engine for growth for our semiconductor business in 2022 will likely be enterprise spending, whether it's coming from networking, one sector for us, or from -- and/or server storage, which is a large enterprise. We see both this showing strong growth as we go into 2022. A while, just to repeat me, we see Telco’s and service providers, not rolling over, just hanging up there at a very elevated level.
Hock Tan: No. I say service providers sometimes to say cloud as well. No, we say cloud also hanging out -- together with service provider -- together with the Telco’s.
Hock Tan: Well, you know, it's not the first time I got this question, I got it last quarter and the quarter before, and I told you guys, and I stick by that, and so as you know, we're running it until the end of this fiscal year, which is October, November. And we'll make that call at that time, whether we use the cash to buy, or we use the cash either to buy -- to do an M&A or to buy back our shares.
Hock Tan: More probably blade that was simple ways as far as saying that as you correctly say, we're accumulating cash at a fairly dramatic rate. And so, by the end of October, our fiscal year, we'll probably see the cash net of dividends, our cash pool to be up to close to $13 billion, which is something like 678 billion above what we would otherwise like to carry on our books. So, we have to make a decision at that point.
Hock Tan: Right. In terms of concern that you expressed about the resurgence of COVID-19 infections in Malaysia where we have [Indiscernible], we have a large supply chain team located. You're right. It's challenging, but we're managing very well, I think, our teams there.  I would say practically 99% of our people in Malaysia have been vaccinated. We made arrangements with the Malaysian government and ensured that this was done. And this has been done, so we are able to manage through this resurgence in Malaysia. And we will continue to keep our eye very closely on conditions over there. But for now, I think we are okay.
Hock Tan: On the long -- sorry, missed that. I get the [Indiscernible]. Well, we like -- I like to believe, like some of you do. That with this recent event and with this thing happening, especially COVID-19, creating a change of work habits in our ecosystem.  That there is a reset upwards towards higher consumption of technology. And by extension, semiconductor chips in the long-term. I agree that has been an accelerated adoption of certain technologies under these lockdown conditions in our economy -- in a lifestyle economy over the last 12 -- in the last 18 months.  That this has accelerated the adoption of technology, has created a strong growing demand for semiconductor products over these last 12 months. I agree, and we report those results, which we believe are true in demand, as I indicated in my -- early part on my answer to your question, that is now up to high -- mid to high double-digit teams, so to speak, year-on-year.  That's good, that's very strong. That's a far cry from my model that says semiconductor gross long-term mid-single-digits. But this accelerated consumption does not necessarily create a fundamental shift in our people's ability to consume technology. And when things revert back towards a more normal lifestyle, maybe not this year, maybe next year, or the year after.  I would expect this accelerated consumption would reset itself. And then you ask yourself, fundamentally over the next 10 years, 5, 10 years. Is semiconductor consumption usage going to increase any higher? I find it hard to imagine why it should?  If fundamentally, we have an industry that's relatively matured, still evolving, still changing, which makes it exciting for us? But pretty much been around fairly much a long time. I may be wrong; I still think you will revert over the next 5-10 years back to a norm.  And the question your view is, will that norm be high-single-digits perhaps rather than mid-single-digits, and you may be right. I don't know the answer to that. But right now, you're right. We are seeing 15% to 20% year-on-year demand usage of our semiconductor chips. And by the way, we are pretty broad across multiple end markets in the application of semiconductors. So, we kind of represent a large part of the overall semiconductor growth.  Now they may be particular [Indiscernible] that could grow faster than that mid-single-digits, and I do accept that, but given how broadly broad-based we are, I tend to think we revert to what will be the norm. And I cannot disagree with you that the norm might be higher than the mid-single-digits I've said before.
Hock Tan: Okay. No, broadband is hard to cut to the chase. It's hard, it's hard to drive by 2 things and I articulated that in my remark. WiFi, Wi-Fi 6, and WiFi is a big area now that operates to our service providers, basically, operator Telco’s and cable operators are using as part of connectivity to households globally.  And we have literally won again, a huge part of that market [Indiscernible] and we're seeing that trend continuing into next-generation Wi-Fi 6E. But what's also driving WiFi -- broadband, I should say, Blayne, and I mentioned that is fiber.  Fiber is mounted on several large Telco’s. Europe, U.S. is investing very big in putting fiber out there to households, particularly driven, I guess to some extent, by political considerations. They want to connect households very well. You hear about British Telecoms are openly saying they want to -- they are -- they have a program over the next 5-6 years to connect over 20 million British households.  Deutsche account telecom is doing exactly the same thing and so is AT&T here in the U.S. where they're very large program and this [Indiscernible], as I indicated, multiyear programs where each of these operators will spend multiple billions of dollars of investment to put that fiber out to the home.  And at the end of each node, the Fiber node, you have that wireless connectivity, Wi-Fi, within for the last 100 feet in the home. So, what I'm implying here is saying, this is not a one-shot thing. And the thinking in the past that fiber is a kind of boring single-digit, slow-growth business, might be changing from our perception -- from our perspective because we're seeing the program from those operators coming.  And a big part of it is, both U.S. and Europe, putting in large broadband in the form of fiber, because it's the most effective way. In some ways, economic way to expand to households and hand-in-hand with 5G network, wireless networks out there.  It's also very interesting for us, market share wise because you used to talk about China doing broadband fiber, today it's beyond that. It's Europe, the U.S. and the number of players fighting in this market on technology is much less now. Given the interesting political events between China and the rest of the world.
Hock Tan: That's very perceptive of you. And the only reason I called that out is that it's true and it will be true for many years. And I just want to reemphasize this point that in terms of being probably the preferred vendor for specialized -- silicon engines to drive specialized workloads, and you-all have indicated to guess what some of those, especially in HyperCloud. We are -- we definitely are in the lead by far in these areas and for the reasons you mentioned.  We have the scale. Do we have a lot of the IP calls and the capability to do all those chips for those multiple [Indiscernible] who can afford and are willing to push the envelope on specialized offload -- l used to call it to offload computing engines, video transcoding, machine learning, even what people call DPOs, smart [Indiscernible] otherwise, call, and various other specialized engines and security, a hot way that we've put in place in multiple Cloud guys? Just a point of I guess, reinforcement that we still very much are the leader.
