Stacy Rasgon: First I guess a tactical one. Given where it's falling in Q1 how much revenue in OpEx is actually really coming in, in that extra weeks. Should we think of both of those as a full week or is the revenue may be less than a full week and the OpEx is a full week? What's the best way for us to think about the different puts and takes in your guidance impacted by that extra week.
Stacy Rasgon: For my follow-up I wanted to ask a little bit about the guidance and particular the segments. So you said wireless was up, I wasn't sure if that was because of the extra week or if that was normalized for the extra week and I guess given the metrics wireless seems like it is strong storage looks like it's bottomed and other pieces are growing. It seems to me the wired infrastructure may still be down sequentially, I guess if I normalize for the extra week given the drivers that Hock talked about. I guess could you give us a little more color on, I guess how much of the strength in wireless is extra week versus normalized and I guess what are those drivers for the rest of the guidance imply for wireless as we go to January quarter.
Stacy Rasgon: So, I guess the wired outlook then is just the set-top box I guess bottoming in Q1 which is driving that or there other numbers.
Thomas Krause: I think is as you look at the seasonality in our business and you look at where we are in Q1 relative to where seasonally typically going in Q2 you can you can argue I think we believe it's less than an additional week of contribution. And OpEx what I would suggest to you is flat because we're basically just taking an extra week from a payroll and other [front] perspectives on the OpEx side.
Thomas Krause: So Ross obviously you can do the calculation on the free cash flow just based on the cash flow statements but there were a couple of things that we took into consideration. One, as I think you know we had a big campus initiative both in Southern California around the Irvine Campus and then up here and in San Jose and a lot of that is tail off and then we went off and actually monetized the Irvine Campus which we just reported. So we thought we should give back that portion as well to shareholders in form of dividend. So that's the biggest driver, the CapEx initiatives beyond that will really around the test program the confinement work we did which I think is largely done. And then of course we delevered, we delevered around the pensions. So we had the [gear] pension which is the LSI pension that we inherited when we bought LSI several years ago. We took steps toward derisking that pension by fully funding it in affects and turning it more into a fixed income based portfolios. So we think that was the right thing to do but it was also a onetime event that hit free cash flow and so we backed it out. Going forward really it's all about the business model and the financial model that gets put out of that business model that Hock articulated earlier. CapEx is coming down to 3% as a percentage of revenue which is consistent with the fabless or largely fabless business model and given the operating margins of the business a balance sheet that's got 2x gross leverage you know less than 4% sort of average cost of debt capital we think 40% is a very achievable target.
Thomas Krause: Well, I'm not sure if I totally understand your question, but, yes, basically as you look at it with Brocade, you're right, we're running 64-ish guide. I think what you're seeing consistently, and probably the key driver of the overall financial model of the new targets is our ability to continue to drive gross margin expansion. But I think a lot of that ties back to the business model and continue to introduce more and more content rich products that carry higher values. And I think that's what's driving and it's consistent for a very long period of time. And obviously given the scale of the company, we'll continue to reinvest in R&D at a very healthy clip 15% of expanded revenue. But we're growing mid-single digits, obviously we did better last year. We're keeping SG&A lean and simple which is consistent with our model, and that gives us leverage. So you're right, I think we'll continue to monitor the long term model. We've obviously updated it a number of times over the past several years, but right now we're very comfortable with a target of 65%, 47.5% operating margins.
Thomas Krause: I think the benefit of being able to spend a little extra time between sign to close, and of course, the benefit of being able to announce number of the sale processes which were in effect with structuring activities in time has helped us get to our target model with brocade factor. Now, that doesn't mean there isn't more to do. I would suggest we probably got about 20 million a quarter in operating expenses in the business right now on a run rate basis that still need to come out of the model. But we are ahead of schedule relative to where we normally would be when we close the deal. And I would expect over the next six months or so, we'll be trending towards sort of getting that 20 million out of the business on a quarterly basis.
Thomas Krause: Chris, obviously we're not going to give guidance on the April quarter. What I tell you is, yes, there is a little bit of the extra week. That's right. But I think more importantly, we've talked about the long-term model here is mid-single digits. And I think that's where we plan to be a going forward.
Thomas Krause: No, I'm sure Hock believes we can do a little better than that, but we certainly are in and around that target today in the business. Actually, I think what we are happy about is the business is performing very well. It's performing on plan and we think it's a great addition to the other 19 franchises we have in the portfolio.
Hock Tan: The best way to describe is to expand a bit on what Tom was saying is, you know 80% of our revenues is direct OEM revenues and so the extra week had very little impact for Q1 in terms of topline revenue. The industry revenue does have an impact obviously on a bases that is resale is very time base and so you might say on overall revenue basis from if I were to have an estimate that additional week provides probably an additional one foot addition of a week's revenue you are going to look at it. But as Tom indicated expenses we will be showing a full week of expenses which are largely for a company of our nature obviously salaries, people costs. So full week of expense is probably one third of a week of topline is the best estimate to put on a consolidated basis. And based on that to answer your question on wireless, it really doesn’t make much difference. Our wireless business is all direct largely. It makes very little different that there is an additional one week, but it is strong. As I indicated in my remarks, it is strong because of the fact that unlike the year before and the year before that as well, the rollover of the product life cycle of a North American, lot of American smartphone manufacture has been sort of push-out, push-out by over one month.
Hock Tan: Set-top box and broadband access, carrier access is bottomed out in Q1. Against that datacenters continue to be okay, good and a big part of it driven by the ramp of our opportunity in AI in cloud and a couple of OEMs.
Hock Tan: Sure, and you did touch on that in your saying that is true. In 2017 especially second half of 2017 in our wired business which we run into lot of puts and takes but quite a bit of headwinds in that whole regard simply because especially in the second half you start to see decline, seasonal decline in broadband, very much broadband than in the later - and especially in optical, we all have seen the slowdown in demand from metro and access network particularly out of China but against that we see datacenters continue to perform very well. And the net result of it was, has been relatively slow to flattish, if you look at the whole year, flattish slow single-digit growth in wired in 2017 with those headwinds. 2018 the sense we have is we've seen a lot of those headwinds and the worst of those headwind seems to be over, datacenters continue to be very well - presenting itself very well not just from switching routing which have always been very good for all this period but also the additional push from deep learning chips that we are providing for a few large customers. And against that, given that we have seen the worst on broadband I think wired business in 2018 will probably grow over 5%.
Hock Tan: Well, the main reason we acquired Brocade very simply put it that we believe that product line is a very sustainable product franchise. It fall and also certain customers with mission critical data center storage requirements. They need to use Fiber Channel SAN storage area network. The more conventional so to speak basis of iSCSI, IP networking stuff not of a performance level, quality level that will address those mission-critical requirements that financial institutions as an example agencies, governments need to make work in those storage systems. So it's fairly unique in some regards but it's a nice addition to our store enterprise storage portfolio where we tend to address more conventional storage requirements and we see this business as a business that will continue into the foreseeable future and not just in America worldwide simply because this storage - this kind of storage system and network fiber channel is literally bulletproof, mission-critical systems and practically not hackable.
Hock Tan: Well we believe a lot of these emerging requirements that we're seeing in very specific application-specific end market specific requirements fall deep learning as we call it artificial intelligence other people call it when you need training and you need inference on large databases that continually upgrade. We tend to see that's been very customized. A lot of software that needs to be written on a hardware silicon platform that because of the particular nature of the application will tend to be very customized and we are making, we're producing cut in a nutshell ASIC of custom silicon solutions that addresses those market niches and it's pretty substantial. And our visibility today is extremely good in terms of the demand for this product.
Hock Tan: Well, it's an interesting story and by the way to answer your question it is on the same old story again of our more FBAR and more [band] this is not - this is actually thing of filtering as being stage. This is literally - most of the front end modules we talked about in the past where we have power amplifiers, and FBAR filters we tend to put it close to the transceivers where you filter signal that our channel by the antenna. What we're seeing here is going in and filtering the signals close to the antenna and before a channel is down to the front-end module. That's the thing that have changed. Some of the craving additional level of filter level of states of filtering which in effect increase -- and that increases the amount of filters unique and this advance are the only thing that can do very effectively those filtering that we call it extraction of signals at the antenna. And the benefit of all that it allows antenna to be shared as opposed to multiple antenna.
Hock Tan: Probably should tell you as we progress through the year. Now might be a bit to mature, but eventually it's going to increase it.
Hock Tan: Well, the dollars as they affect us have certainly grown a lot. So I guess I better had make a few comments on it as dollars drive it.
Hock Tan: We see driving our dollars to a level not dissimilar, but significant levels not that far off from even now switching revenue.
Hock Tan: Well, as I mentioned on your latter question, 80% of our revenues, over 80% goes direct to customers and we get very good visibility in orders backlog with our customers. So that just I believe that in fact is pretty clear, over 80% goes directly to our various customers itself. And that enables us to track very well, that also enables to attract that over shipment in terms of in a sense that a customer has taken more products than they truly need because it adjusts itself very, very quickly. So it's just doing it directly as opposed to going through any distributor or middlemen. And as far as the question on wireless, yeah I can answer, it's not nothing we consolidate them. Since we last talked a quarter ago, visibility has obviously become full -- crystal clear and we're just in interest of being transparent, we're just passing on what we see today.
Hock Tan: Well, it does, but when you're trying to run it over time it becomes very hard and I'm very [low] to give you misleading answers. But all it does is definitely directionally pushing in the right direction. And I've always indicated to you guys, on a long term basis is what you're asking year-on-year, we are seeing dollar content increase which I'll say a large part of this content increase driving topline revenues in wireless closer to the range north of 10%, 10% to 15% annually on an annual growth rate basis. And that's all content increase in our view where there is an improvement of WiFi connectivity through 802.11ax and/or more FBAR as we enhance the RF experience on smartphones, it all comes back to the same thing. We seem to see based on history empirically that last five years CAGR, Compounded Annual Growth Rate, CAGR is around the mid-teens. And using that - and using the trends in architecture and designs and [indiscernible] or phones that the next five years will see that same CAGR of mid-teens.
Hock Tan: We don't really see any material change at all as far as our business is concerned. As far as their business is concerned, of course, there could be major impact, and I'm not dismissing that at all. But as far as we are concerned and our various franchise businesses are concerned, we do not see any impact.
Hock Tan: Answering your first question, yes, we are very much on track to get samples out to our customers by the end of this year, calendar year. Very much on track. And as far as how big the impact will be, well to be fair, and that's not - I hope that may not get carried away. Tomahawk 3 which goes to 12.8 terabyte throughput, will just replace to a large extent, the existing versions of Tomahawk 2, we just thought that to be fair, and Tomahawk 1 which is 3.2. Now, of course, it replaces 8 by 4x and gives us therefore room opportunity for delivering more value to our customers. But at the end of the day, the number of sockets - there's a total level of replacement of existing sockets. With higher throughput equivalent, silicon, no doubt, which gives us some enhanced the dollar value, but it's not a total add-on in the overall scheme of things.
