Hock Tan: Okay. Well, with regard to data center spending, yes we do see strength. And in fact, we saw the strength as early as Q2, our fiscal Q2, not calendar but our fiscal Q2. And that strength has continued into this current – into Q3 and even as we sit here right now.
Hock Tan: Well, one thing I have to press is, this is a – what we are seeing in this quarter Q3 fiscal quarter and Q4, most of Q4 fiscal quarter is all over that ends in October. That represents a period when it’s still a ramp, okay. So its how one constructs the ramp and orders required of our key customers and not necessarily representatives of volumes that would eventually be sold through the various channels into end customers. So with that preface, what we are always saying is with the build year-on-year be compared back to a year ago, the build in unit terms has not significantly changed. It’s largely all about content change – changes.
Hock Tan: Okay. Well, let’s touch about WiFi, which is wireless connectivity with Bluetooth combo included in it. It’s – what we are seeing now today is by the way, we are largely in the high-end phones, where we have – where we are driving 802.11ac generation. And in that regard, we are not seeing that much content increase say from a year ago. We expect to see that content increase as we move into next year as more functionality, higher performance, multi-bands start to come into play, which includes not just 2.5 gigahertz, but 5 gigahertz. We also expect to see beyond that 802.11ac moving into AX, which would be a big step up for the – in content gain. And in many ways, this is all about increasing capacity throughput of bandwidth of data transfers through these WiFi connections. Apparel situation to our LTE wireless situation was increasing bands. First, LTE and then they are increasing the number of bands in LTE interconnectivity leading to increasing content. Very, very similar, may not match it to other as we move one generation to the other, but their overall trend upward is extremely light.
Hock Tan: Well, our visibility in China is not that good in the sense that we sell to OEMs and they sell to all over the world and our focus largely on very high-end premium phones be they premium phones from Chinese makers or U.S. makers or Korean makers. So, it’s not really a good representation of true end demand as others may see it in China.
Hock Tan: Well, first of all, it’s very hard for us to quantify, because customer comes in and place their request and we obviously modulated with what we can shift and so there will be push and pull. And by the time it’s all done, I will be honest I don’t have a good idea what it is. And even I do, I probably wouldn’t disclose it in this public forum, but that aside, we are very aware that we could ship more not for our supply constraints and we have been improving them over the course of the last several months actually and we expect to be largely out of this by the end of this fiscal quarter Q4.
Hock Tan: Well, let me try to answer the question on both sides very simply. We have said announced publicly, disclosed early on when we closed the deal in early February, February 1 that we target to exit fiscal ‘16 which is this current quarter Q4 at 40% operating margin. As guidance is showing, we are going to achieve that goal. Now, is that our targeted and state operating margin? Obviously, you hit it right. No, that’s not our targeted operating margin necessary at all, because we do see that all operating spending and the current level is about 800 plus, 808, to take a step down especially, particularly after we integrate our two ERP systems. As you know, classic Avago runs Oracle, classic Broadcom runs SAP after the end of November, which is our day 2, what we call day 2 where we integrate two systems into one, one database, one ERP system. We expect to run only one system that will be a step down in terms of our headcount requirements, in terms of our support costs and obviously, an improvement in our operating cost structure significantly. And that will come through obviously in fiscal ‘17 and which will then gives our operating margin a further lift up. Without your consideration to further expansion of our gross margin which as you have seen over the last two or three quarters is likely to continue.
Hock Tan: Broadcom connectivity, that’s progressing very, very well. It addresses the same end markets as our FBAR business has the same characteristics, has the same stickiness and driving towards the same margin goals.
Hock Tan: It’s not much. Well, that’s broadly, it’s growing macroscopically. It’s sustaining. It’s holding up. That’s why it is holding up sustaining? Is it booming? Not really, but just sustaining. Now, obviously you see seasonal effects versus secular effects, which I assume your question is addressed. Secular is holding up. Seasonally, you have seen the RAM on the smartphone business. And as we always do end of the year and we are experiencing that RAM, but there is a seasonal effect as opposed to the secular and secular, which is as I say just holding up.
Hock Tan: No. We don’t have any particular updates at this point, but we will be sure to let you guys know as soon as we have it.
Hock Tan: Continuous – and when you say that, I assume you would – wireless RF content, you are referring particularly to cellular RF content, which is largely our FBAR and the front end modules associated with that FBAR. And that story has not changed. The continued increase in the number of bands continue – continue to grow and carrier aggregation is another phenomenon in parallel that increases FBAR content in those handsets, in those high end handsets, be they in China or in the U.S. So you are right and that content increase continues to steadily progress generation after generation. And we have seen that last 3 years and I see that in the next 2 years.
Hock Tan: Those constraints, after much vigorous supply chain action, have eased quite and have eased quite significantly. And by the end of this quarter, we would certainly be out of the woods there.
Hock Tan: You are right. Our seasonal – the sharper seasonality of the past when it was just classic Avago would probably have reduced, simply [indiscernible] because wireless used to be north of 40% of classic Avago’s revenues. Today, wireless which is highly seasonal part of our business even as it’s grown bigger in absolute dollars represents closer to 30% of our total revenues and it is the bigger portion of it, the 70% representing networking, enterprise storage and industrial as you well know of extremely stable, almost like to say predictable businesses. So it’s certainly a modulated down very well volatility of our revenue seasonally. And so Q1, we don’t give forecast, but we fully expect it to be not as volatile as perhaps it might have been 2 years ago.
Hock Tan: Well, the Jericho ramp, as I indicated in some of our remarks, while maybe not that clear is just started. And by the Qumran and Jericho similar in some ways, different specific applications, but the Jericho ramp is just – has just started. Tomahawk was about six months earlier, three months to six months earlier. But again, many of these products have fairly been wire could have more expanded life cycles. So I will say definitely, even Tomahawk is less than 40% of the way, maybe no more than one-third of the way. And Jericho, which is the aggregation switch or I will call it a router too if you want to, it’s probably maybe 20% even there at all the way.
Hock Tan: That one, I am not at liberty to disclose to you. Sorry, simply because of the nature of what you characterize as an ASIC.
Hock Tan: Well, our sense – our I guess, perception is the mismatch between demand – the mismatch between demand and supply is because of very strong demand much more than normal and it’s probably driven, we guess by two factors. One, you hit it right on is perhaps the RAM, the rollout of those 4K systems, the Ultra HD as you call it. And that coupled with the late summer Olympics where there were some operators like Comcast, which had a very strong promotion on cable for the Olympics. So that drove I suspect, a one-time pushup – one-time upside and couple that with the rollout of 4K systems.
Hock Tan: Well, if you look – maybe I should take you to looking back over the last three quarters where we have been stepping up gross margin on a fairly steady and hopefully more predictable basis. And each time we guide from what we have actually seen. We try not to guide from what we have not seen simply because gross margin as you put it a lot of puts and takes. But as some touch on earlier highlighted in respect of CapEx, we are actually – we have initiatives on hand to actually improve our gross margin, not just because of product mix, but also the sheer fact that, for instance, in wireless moving to 6 to 8-inch increasing CapEx, reduces our cost of sales quite dramatically in our wireless business. Going from leasing testers and we use a whole lot of them for our semiconductor ICs to owning the testers on a fairly substantial basis is also driving our cost of material – cost of purchase material significantly down. And all these actions are ongoing and all these actions are continuing to proactively reduce our cost of sales and expand our gross margin. And you will see that. And rather than forecasting what it will be, we are basically using the current reference point and telling you when it’s likely to move to the next quarter.
Hock Tan: Well, to be honest, we don’t know much about that – didn’t hear much about that. But as you probably may know, the ASIC business, especially the high-end ASIC business where your customer is requiring technology – is pushing the limits of technology be they SerDes bandwidth, be they IP and embedded processing that has very low power, very high performance and features, IP features like that. It’s not a business one gets into on an overnight basis. And your question is correct it’s a long-term basis, simply because, first, you have to have the strength of the IP portfolio capabilities, which we have in plentiful supply, if you don’t mind by saying that. Number one, that’s only a necessary condition. It’s not even sufficient. The sufficient one is that you are able to execute on silicon implementation and you are talking about leading edge not related to foundries that have proven ability to deliver on those leading edge nodes and been able to execute your design well. And that comes – the proof comes with the Ethernet, which means you got to have the confidence of your customers that you are able to do what they want you to do, because if you don’t, they are screwed literally simply because their roadmap depends on it. So, they are not about to rush into any new opportunity even on a price even on whatever nice stuff it is just because on say so that might happen. It takes a long time. It’s almost a Catch 22. You want to get into this business, be it leading edge not as a foundry or leading edge SerDes, our intellectual property in silicon, you have to convince your customer you can deliver and your customer is putting their future at least in [indiscernible] in your hands. Which customer in their right mind would easily do that? They won’t”. They want you to prove it, but you can’t prove it unless they try it. So, it’s a Catch 22. So, it’s hard. All I am trying to say it’s very hard. It’s a long process. We have fortunately – we are fortunate to be in a position that we have proven ourselves and so competition will come. It always does and we will deal with it as we always have.
Hock Tan: We continue to do that. You noted every new generation, which is almost every year, we change our process. We just not only change our design. And I said that before too in several meetings, several calls of this nature ago. Our advanced process technology grows or evolves on two fronts, on process as well as on the designs. So, that a band 2 FBAR 3 years ago doesn’t look like the band 2 FBAR today. And that band 2 FBAR 3 years from now will be also very different from what it is today and it improves on power, it improves on insertion loss, it improves on performance. And so we continue to invest in that and it’s part of the reason why we go from 6-inch to 8-inch not only to gain more capacity, but to be able to improve the process we put into it. And yes, BAW technology or even SAW technology temperature compensated continues to try to improve. We are very well aware of the development that continues in some of our competitors. And all I have to say is that we continue to maintain at least maintain if not better our technology lead over those guys.
Hock Tan: Calendar ’16 is very, very low. As Tom said, we continue to spend money, CapEx. We are barely at the 50% milestone. Our concept at the end of the day is to convert 100% of our 6 inch into 8 inch. That will not happen until 2018. So we are barely 50% and we continue to methodically steadily convert 6 inch to 8 inch, so exiting this fiscal ‘16, very low, ‘17 significantly higher, ‘18 maybe get done.
Hock Tan: First and foremost, while we like to say it split up nicely as you put it to be that way, that tends to be very conceptual and a bit theoretical and at any point in time, sometimes we have a tough time knowing where the particular chip we ship ends up in. I mean we ship a lot to OEMs. And as you know many of the OEMs would ship to service providers or enterprise or even to the cloud guys. And that’s a part of it where we are not 100% sure. But to try to answer your question in substance, we think a lot of strength, a lot of demand driven from service providers today as well as from the cloud guys. Enterprise tends to be more stable as opposed to strongly trending now.
Hock Tan: Server storage connectivity products, yes there is, I know some of the trends are very interesting, but I can tell you all of this, but enterprise storage is slow to change, for good reason. People are very, very conservative, very careful in that area. And one of the biggest – I mean there is a cadence they go by and the cadence go by in the CPU cadence. We are now shipping [indiscernible] as you know and next year, we will start shipping against [indiscernible] some of the interconnects expanding capacity though is for enterprise a lot of it is SaaS. And slowly, very slowly perhaps considering a move into PCI Express or NVMe potentially as Flash arrays start coming into the picture, but to answer your question directly, it moves very slowly. Most enterprise today are still driven on SaaS.
