Hock Tan: I’m not providing annual guidance, Harlan, if that’s what you’re angling for. But what you’re saying makes a lot of sense. And to answer your question directly, yes, we have line of sight through end of 2022, both, we believe, in demand and in supply.
Hock Tan: That’s a very good question. And I mean, and true, the rail demand that we’re seeing underlying – if you talk about underlying trend that is sustainable, at least in this typical upcycle, you’re right, it’s – while we’re showing 30% in networking, in server storage, a part of it is driven by ASP increases simply because we are passing on our material cost increases, wafer, substrates, assembly to our customers, inevitably. But it’s much less than you probably think it is. What is really sustainable is what Harlan said in the previous question. We think the trend demand increase is more like closer to 20% year-on-year than what perhaps in dollar terms you’re represented. And how long would it last? Who knows? It’s hard for me to figure out, because I’ve been wrong so many times, and this is now going on into the almost – 2022 is done and is strong. We’re now booking, given our lead times I indicated, in 2023. And 2023, I think, will be – at least the first half of 2023 will still be pretty close to the same. And it’s the latter part of 2023 and 2024 that we have to figure out whether there’s enough supply that will start coming in to basically address what is today and what we’re seeing, an extremely strong demand environment, whether it’s from enterprise, telcos and service providers and hyperscale, all three are strong.
Hock Tan: Well, I could tread on my usual statement because it happens to be true, which is year-upon-year under normal situations, yes, we see this 100 – around 100 basis points expansion of gross margin on our semiconductor front. You get that. Now Kirsten just indicated, we did better than that in semiconductor. And I guess the – and the reason why we did better than that this season, so to speak, if you come back to my remarks, there’s a lot of deployment – launch and deployment of new generation products that I mentioned. We’re talking about in networking, Tomahawk 4, and much more, Trident 4, which is more towards some data centers that use in enterprises, come out for use in hyper cloud, that new generation. Then we talk about Jericho being deployed – the latest Jericho being deployed in the bank site networks of machine learning, AI, GPU in the connectivity. That’s a whole new application. Then we talk - in service storage, I’ve talked about a whole slew of new generation solutions, which we put in place towards, basically, for new generation, leading-edge servers out there from the guys who do those servers. And with those new generation, we get that better margin. So in all, I guess the additional input I put in is a lot more new generation products coming out now, happen to be in 2022 – we’re seeing happen. And of course, we are, in this environment, thankfully, able to pass on our cost increases to supply – to customers. And that all adds up to a fairly decent gross margin set of results. But do not let that be an indicator, please, that it is something that will be a 200, 300 basis points expansion year-on-year. We still believe normal situation is still be just on average, 100 basis point expansion.
Hock Tan: Yes. And by the way, it’s not just me having to come on new products. There’s a pool. The customers, the applications of our markets require us – and that’s the beautiful thing about the semiconductors and technology, is always – there always is a need for next-generation better products. Whether it’s performance power, whatever, is always, there’s a pool. And that product life cycle is what enables us to develop these new products, and our margins will keep expanding.
Hock Tan: That’s a good question. And I employed in some of my point – some of my remarks, but let me take you directly. Yes, enterprise, enterprise demand, spending is the strongest driver that we’re seeing today. And it should be no surprise, because something we have said since last quarter and the quarter before, enterprise has recovered more – than recovered – is going – it’s on fire, is the best way to describe it. Enterprise spending on IT is, as we perceive it, on fire. And we are seeing a big part of that. And that’s not to say that hyper cloud and telcos are not adding to it, but not as strong as enterprise recovery.
Hock Tan: No. Not really. It’s just – that’s – I think there’s a lot of pent-up spending. There’s a lot of need for a lot of enterprises to upgrade. And that’s also what’s driving, as I indicated in my remarks, a lot of on-prem campus switching investment going in. I mean look at even Broadcom. We’ve been using Wi-Fi in our hot spots, in our excess gateways, in – through the campus. A key part of it is wireless connectivity, Wi-Fi, so to speak way. I mean we’ve been running Wi-Fi 5 for many years. Now is the time to move to Wi-Fi 6, 6E. And we’re not the only one we’re seeing across the board, very strong demand from lots of enterprises wanting to upgrade connectivity as offices start to slowly open up.
Hock Tan: Let’s answer the first question first, and let me go to the last one and the best at the end. But on the first part, yes, as I’ve stated in previous earnings calls, I’m more than happy to reiterate it here, which is we are very, very concerned, obviously, that you could – we could easily build up inventory in various parts of our demand environment, just because we ship according to what customer sending in orders as their customer requested. So we don’t – we actually spend a huge amount of bandwidth of our operations and salespeople in this environment to make sure we get products to any particular customer just when they need it. Not any earlier and hopefully not too late either because we like to address customer a real need in that regard. But what’s very, very important to us is not to ship excessively. And inventory, whether it’s in the customer inventory, in distribution, the nice thing about our business in semiconductor is this, 75% of our revenue comes from just about 100 customers, and they’re direct. The last 25% go through distribution. 75% direct to 100 customers. We have enough salespeople. We have enough visibility on these customers to know exactly pretty closely, we’d like to think, what they need and ship to what exactly they need. And when we do all that, I said it before in last earnings call, true in demand growth – true growth as we have been seeing in 2021, it was about 20% year-on-year improvement. Now we now take on the fact that material costs have gone up in 2022. So there’s an addition beyond 20%. I still believe it’s about 20% in response to earlier in this environment because the last up cycle we saw in 2017, it was 20% year-on-year improvement. It wasn’t stronger than that. And by the way, we sell mostly those big core system on a chip into any platform that our customer builds and sells. We do – and generally, we get very good visibility. If we were to sell more of the peripheral chips, the secondary chips, that adds up to the total platform, and that cause a fraction of what our system on a chip cost. Then perhaps you will not have that visibility, and we believe there are a lot of pockets of those inventory in the wrong places because of unbalanced chipsets sitting out there. But if you – for example, if you’re building a data center and you need 1,000 Tomahawk 4s, believe me, you will not buy more than 1,050 Tomahawk 4s. But if you buying voltage regulator, you probably buy 2,000, 3,000 of those voltage regulators just in case. And that’s the difference in what we’re seeing. So we think we get a good sense of what’s out there. And the kicker here is the price increase that was passed on because of wafer cost and substrate cost increases, which makes it go over perhaps what we think is a sustainable level. Now to answer your longer-term question, no, I don’t think on a long-term, say, next 10 years, would the CAGR change, I think people will say that CAGR change, frankly, are probably dreaming because there’s no evidence on our side to show why this industry, which is relatively mature semiconductor industry, should suddenly spiral into a different trend growth rate. We have seen in the last 10 years, compounded roughly 5% annual growth rate. And there’s nothing to indicate, frankly, why you would not be that way for the next long-term, 10 years. Now it won’t be 5% every year, obviously, we’re not at 5% this year. But on the long-term, I still think that trend has not changed.
Hock Tan: Thank you. Well, really, in last quarter, we are very clear about our capital allocation plan, at least for 2022, and which is, frankly, at – we’re still looking for acquisitions. We’ve just been very, very – as we usually do, being very thoughtful and selective about the assets we would acquire. But very much so, we’re still in the market to look for good – great assets to acquire, and we have the capacity to handle it. And in the meantime, given two years, 2020 and 2022 when we haven’t done anything on acquisitions and have been earning and generating lots of cash, we have taken on – other than paying dividends and maintaining the policy on dividends that we have outlined for the long-term, we have decided for fiscal 2022 – for actually calendar 2022 to put out that buyback program of $10 billion. We spent $2.7 billion of it so far, and we have probably most of the year to go. And we’ll probably use – we will likely use all of it up evenly over the next nine months of the remaining year. And that nothing has changed. But – and we believe we still have the capacity to do a good-sized acquisition.
Hock Tan: Okay. Let me paraphrase my – your question the way I would probably be able to answer it and see if it’s the right thing. What you’re saying is, see, we have a product division that does ASIC custom chips essentially for usually large customers. And that’s a good-sized business for us. And a big part of that business to address what you’re saying here, is address has been used is now currently, though not in the past, but more recently in the last few years, it was the hyperscale players who are starting to develop – wanting to develop their customized and dedicated accelerators for specific functions and workloads mostly related to, for instance, machine learning, AI, also to do with video transcoding and also gradually increasing virtualization and orchestration of data centers. All those have customized silicon accelerators to enable these hyper cloud guys to run their workloads better and more effectively. I believe that was your question. And the best way to answer your question is year-on-year this quarter, Q1, we grew revenue in this offload computing sector, which all ASIC north of 50% revenue year-upon-year. All right? I hope that answers your question.
Hock Tan: Okay. Good question. And my answer would be very simple and direct. We have always indicated our wireless business is one customer largely, our North American OEM. And you know what, they’re a very good customer. They’re very strategic. And we are not only selling one product but selling multiple products, which are very strategic to us and I believe also very important and strategic to them, which will – which is what makes a partnership very sustaining. I see this as a very long-term sustaining partnership in the sense of the products we do develop we collectively call wireless because it goes into mobile – a lot of mobile devices, though not entirely, but most of it goes into phones. It goes into wearables. It goes into pads or tablets. And it goes into not so mobile, but many of them are into even notebooks. It goes into all the stuff, and we sell – we develop and provide something like about five different critical engine technology products to this same customer. So it is – it has over 10 years now developed into an extremely sustainable and strategic relationship. Clearly, from our side, yes. I’d like to believe from their side, the same thing.
Hock Tan: That’s an interesting thing, Ed. Here, all our businesses – I just want to remind you, in our view, as I said, in the view of all semiconductor segments itself, it’s not a high-growth business. You guys like to think because probably there are a few companies out there who are trying to grow in a business that doesn’t grow. 5% is what it is. And so it’s a business that does grow, but in dollar terms, overall, mid-single digits. I call it a slow growth industry. Within it, however, it still evolves new generation of products constantly. That’s the unusual unique thing about semiconductors. It keeps evolving. Not disruptive much as people like to say they are disruptive. My view is evolutionary, but that evolutionary creates new opportunities for basically selling a better product, a more valuable product to the same customer for the similar application, and it go – which the customer can then monetize back on their own. And that’s really all it is. And what we are doing here in wireless is no different. And there is something also very interesting. Every product we sell in wireless is, in fact, a non-standard product. It is customized. It is customized for the needs – for the unique needs and particular requirements of that particular customer. That’s what makes us so successful, and that’s what makes the partnership so sustainable. We developed technology in the form of products that we do, whether it’s an RF, with FBAR, front-end module or whether it’s pure silicon with some SDK – a lot of SDK software where some unique high performance mixed signal, analog product, all of which we do to this customer, we do it to meet their particular requirements, which allow their products to be at a level that’s very differentiated from their own space – in the competitive space they are in. And that’s what makes it very unique, and that’s what makes this thing keep going. But we’re not looking for in any end market we are in, in any product line we are in, for high growth. High growth in semiconductor comes in spurts and do not last. If anybody tells you otherwise, please don’t believe it because it has never happened.
Hock Tan: Okay. The next 12 months is pretty good. We have visibility, and we kind of indicated that in our answers. 24 months, harder for me to tell you. If you ask me what do you think over the next 10 years, I’ll tell you what it is, mid to high-single digits. And because that’s – it’s consistent. There is no segment – don’t believe anybody telling otherwise, that will have a sustainable growth rate in this space. It’s share changes maybe. So but next 12 months, very good growth rate is what I indicated.
