Kirsten Spears: Thank you, Hock. Let me now provide additional detail on our financial performance. Revenue was $8.9 billion for the quarter, up 21% from a year ago. Gross margins were 75% of revenue in the quarter and up 10 basis points year-on-year. Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, up 3% year-on-year, driven by investment in R&D. Operating income for the quarter was $5.5 billion and was up 25% from a year ago. Operating margin was 62% of revenue, up approximately 240 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was $5.7 billion or 64% of revenue. This figure excludes $129 million of depreciation. Now, a review of the P&L for our two reportable segments. Revenue for our semiconductor solutions segment was $7.1 billion and represented 79% of total revenue in the quarter. This was up 26% year-on-year. Gross margins for our semiconductor solutions segment were approximately 71%, up 70 basis points year-on-year driven by product mix and adoption of next-generation products across our extensive product portfolio. Operating expenses were $825 million in Q4, up 4% year-on-year. R&D was $731 million in the quarter, up 4% year-on-year. Q4 semiconductor operating margins were 59%. So, while semiconductor revenue was up 26%, operating profit grew 33% year-on-year. Moving to the P&L for infrastructure software segment. Revenue for infrastructure software was $1.8 billion, up 4% year-on-year and represented 21% of revenue. Gross margins for infrastructure software were 91% in the quarter and operating expenses were $348 million in the quarter, down 1% year-over-year. Infrastructure software operating margin was 72% in Q4, and operating profit grew 6%. Moving to cash flow. Free cash flow in the quarter was $4.5 billion, representing 50% of revenue. We spent $122 million on capital expenditures. Days sales outstanding were 30 days in the fourth quarter compared to 29 days in the third quarter. We ended the fourth quarter with inventory of $1.9 billion, up 5% from the end of the prior quarter because we expect the mix of revenue in Q1 to have a higher cost of materials. We ended the fourth quarter with $12.4 billion of cash and $39.5 billion of gross debt, of which $440 million is short term. Based on current business trends and conditions, our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2023 is for consolidated revenues of $8.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 63% of projected revenue. In forecasting such operating profitability, we would like to point out that because of product mix changes, our non-GAAP gross margin could be down roughly 100 basis points from Q4 and R&D spending could be up sequentially as we step up hiring of engineers for multiple critical projects. Let me recap our financial performance for fiscal year 2022. Our revenue hit a record $33.2 billion, growing 21% year-on-year. Semiconductor solutions revenue was $25.8 billion, up 27% year-over-year. Infrastructure software revenue was $7.4 billion, up 4% year-on-year. Gross margin for the year was 76%, up 110 basis points from a year ago. Our operating expenses were $4.8 billion, up 6% year-on-year. Fiscal ‘22 operating income was $20.3 billion, up 28% year-over-year and represented 61% of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $21 billion, up 27% year-over-year and represented 63% of net revenue. This figure excludes $529 million of depreciation. We spent $424 million on capital expenditures. And free cash flow grew 22% year-on-year to $16.3 billion or 49% of fiscal ‘22 revenue. Turning to capital allocation. For fiscal ‘22, we spent $15.5 billion, consisting of $7 billion in the form of cash dividends and $8.5 billion in repurchases and eliminations. We ended the year with $13 billion of authorized share repurchase programs remaining and expect to resume our repurchase of common stock as soon as we can under SEC rules. Excluding the potential impact of any share repurchases, in Q1, we expect the non-GAAP diluted share count to be $435 million. Aligned with our ability to generate increased cash flows in the preceding year, we are announcing an increase in our quarterly common stock cash dividend in Q1 fiscal 2023 to $4.60 per share, an increase of 12% from the prior quarter. We intend to maintain this target quarterly dividend throughout fiscal ‘23, subject to quarterly Board approval. This implies our fiscal 2023 annual common stock dividend to be a record $18.40 per share. I would like to highlight that this represents the 12th consecutive increase in annual dividends since we initiated dividends in fiscal 2011. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Kirsten Spears: Right. We’re fully booked for the year. So, if I give you the backlog number, I’m effectively guiding you to the year. So, we’ve chosen not to provide that data at this time.
Kirsten Spears: Well, I would say that we are -- policy-wise, we’ve always said we would pay out approximately 50% of the preceding year’s free cash flows. And in this economic environment that we’re all seeing, we believe that a 12% increase year-over-year is a robust dividend. And so yes, we’re quite happy with that.
Hock Tan: All right. Great question. What we see now, last quarter and this current quarter as we progress is hyperscale spending continues strong; enterprise consumption continues strong; and broadband deployment across North America, Europe and even parts of Asia continues their multiyear trend of growth simply because out of COVID-19, there was a lot of invest -- there was a lot of plans to invest, and these are multiyear. So, exactly as I said, all these areas currently continue to be very much on track as we’ve seen it. Now, keep in mind, as I said in previous earnings call and I’d just reemphasize here today, again, it’s -- I just want to assure you, we don’t believe we are shipping beyond true demand. We continue to scrub -- to basically judge orders, the backlog we have, and we also take pains to only ship to customers who can consume it pretty much within the same quarter before we do it. And so, as far as we can tell, based on what we see as a willingness of our customers to accept and consume the products we ship, that’s what we see right now. Asking me for the rest of ‘23, no, I tend to be more careful in being able to answer that. I don’t know the answer to that is my opinion. I do not know whether the strength in acquisition and consumption of our products will continue to sustain for the rest of ‘23. What we do see is over the next several months, we see those orders still in place. We see customers willing to take the products. We have -- talking to multiple, multiple CIOs among largest enterprise customers we have out there. We have not seen them talk about a reduction in their IT spending. We’ve seen many said it will grow and others saying it will at least remain flat. So, I guess, I’m cautiously positive about trends looking forward.
Hock Tan: It comes down very simply to we continue to scrub our backlog in a manner this quarter, last quarter, no differently than we did it six months or a year ago. We haven’t changed our focus on ensuring that we do not ship products to the wrong people who just put it on the shelves. That is still very much, very, very intact in our view. Our backlog continues to be way up there, and you’re right, makes us change. As you can see, one quarter, it would be broadband growing 20% year-on-year and networking growing 30% year-on-year, and the following quarter is broadband growing 30% year-on-year and networking growing 20%. And it impacts not just from hyperscale bearing their purchases in -- for one of a better word, seasonal manner; it’s also the particular end markets it goes to. So there’s a mix of backlog and products we ship in any particular quarter will vary, and they all change. But it doesn’t change the fact that we have still a very, very strong backlog. And what we’re shipping, which is most important in the current quarter, we believe, is what we are reflecting as end demand for our products.
Hock Tan: Our forecast for the year, if you want to call it, forecast base -- our backlog, it’s not our forecast. We’ll continue -- for the year, we’ll continue to grow. Other than that, I’m not telling you what it is. We don’t guide.
Hock Tan: Well, that’s an interesting question. It’s -- our server storage connectivity -- and you’re right, which includes nearline hard drives, which includes some, what we call, on-prem server storage connectivity, host bus adapters included is broad. And I don’t have the numbers on my mind exactly what it is. Just broad-based, particularly from the MegaRAID business, as I said, a big part of the growth, the big dollar -- the big percentage growth, as I indicated before, is due to the fact that the new generation of products are all subsystems, our boards. We’re not just shipping chips. So, that counts for a big part of the growth. Notwithstanding, unit [ph] growth is up, but not as much as the 50% we announced, obviously. A big part of 50% is content growth as we ship subsystems and boards versus chips. But even then unit growth is up, and it’s across the board, and it’s not everything that grows. But enough said that overall, it grows.
Hock Tan: That’s an interesting question. And we don’t really try to quantify the gap. And a big part of it is -- I don’t want to get you guys overly excited, but customer -- you know backlog is -- sometimes it’s very often categorized or characterized under CRD or customer request dates. Our customer requests date in this particular quarter, for instance, our last particular -- last quarter was much, much higher than what we actually shipped, and it was the same way six months ago. Has it got better from six months ago? I can only guess, and in this forum is the last thing I want to do. But there’s still a big amount of CRD’s backlog in excess of what we actually ship up.
Hock Tan: Okay. Let’s take your first question first and then go to a more interesting second question, which is interesting, because it connects a few dots here. On the first one, as you know, our wireless is one single customer, and the COVID shutdown and all that does slow down inter-quarter shipments. But nothing -- we don’t see -- Q2 is too far away for me to really give you any sense and our accuracy of what is like, but that’s obviously movements between Q4 and Q1 as our numbers does kind of reflect. But -- which is why year-on-year is a pretty good measure. As you see there, Q4 year-on-year was just 13% -- and I shouldn’t say just -- was 13%, and Q1 was actually still 1% up, but there’s obviously some movements in between, but -- and I’m sure that has something to do with COVID logistics -- impact on logistics chain of our largest customer, but I can’t really tell in the bigger picture. Now switching and certainly on Q2, I’m not positioned to give you any indication. We don’t have visibility. Now turning to the second part of your question on gross margin, it’s all product mix. And it’s all product mix because there are some -- depending on the particular products we ship, as I’ve said many times before, the margin, product margin, gross margin does vary, simply because it’s the nature of the market conditions, the ecosystem that we have in each of those markets, those niche markets we participate in. But broadly, to give you a sense, perhaps that gives you more color, networking tends to have some of the highest margins collectively of our products and much higher than broadband; and of course, wireless has the lowest. And when you look at Q4 to Q1, the mix shifts away from networking somewhat and more to broadband, and wireless still remains a big chunk of it, even though it hasn’t receded as a percent. So, that’s why we see that impact on gross margin sequentially. Nothing more than just the mix of products we ship and the natural gross margin on those products vary one from the other. And you can actually see it with the way our inventory grew, too. As we -- as Kirsten reported, our inventory ending Q4 grew about 5% from that ending Q3, the quarter before. And obviously, the Q4 inventory is positioned to ship in Q1, and you see that increase even as our guidance on revenue remains pretty flat.
Hock Tan: Let’s start with the first part. I mean, when we’re booked, we’re really booked. I mean we got paper that says they have committed orders for us to ship. And as you know, our orders are non-cancelable orders. Customers know that. We have the paper. And when we say we are fully booked, it means we have the backlog sitting there. Now, the second question you asked is a more interesting question. What if we all hit a massive recession, depression or recession, late next year, in the next 6 months, 9 months, and customers -- and things really collapse around years, what would we do? My answer is I don’t know, which is partly why we’re not giving you annual guidance. We will react as and when circumstances require us to do. But at this point, we have the orders.
Hock Tan: And don’t forget, we’re going to start buyback once the rules allow us to do that. And so, that’s another return of cash to shareholders, and we fully intend to get that going as soon as we could.
Hock Tan: Yes, you’re right in that regard that we have multiple programs from the hyperscalers on custom or semi-custom silicon, or largely collectively we call as offload compute. And they all have -- do their own. So, that’s -- in one way that’s very positive and very opportunistic for our technologies to be deployed. On an ongoing basis, the tricky thing in all this is more will come on, the rate of ramp is harder for us to predict. These are very lumpy programs, fairly large and lumpy, which is why we can get to $2 billion and a raise -- an increase of like, as you correctly say, a third from a year ago. But it’s lumpy. And the trend is very hard for me to chart out unless you ask for it over the next five years. And even then, if you look it five years, it becomes a question now, would these hyperscalers revert to merchant silicon versus continuing to use custom ASICs, and that poses another issue for me to figure it out. But if you ask for me over the next year or two, where it will go, I’d be honest and say I’m not positioned to give you really a good forecast.
Hock Tan: We haven’t in any major substantive way changed our lead times by any means, as I’ve said before, and we kind of go along on that practice mode. And we have forecast, but we’re really not talking about forecast either as it relates to the previous comment. I think I was referring to backlog and paper that we use. And as I said before, even on those papers, we have with customer request dates for shipments, we scrub that date and then scrub each of those demands before we ship it out in the current quarter or the preceding quarter, depending on what it is. But we don’t -- we have forecast. But obviously, we’re not giving you any indication of our forecast at this point simply because we are still grinding our way through the backlog.
Hock Tan: Well, to answer your question directly is China has slowed down in terms of consumption of products across industrial, across even infrastructure. It has slowed down, and we see that. They’re still not totally collapsed, but they have slowed down compared to what they were taking a year ago. But that’s -- and we see that particularly in our industrial business, which as we -- I indicated in my prepared remarks, strength in Europe, strength in North America especially in automotive, but weakness in China, which is a big part of our industrial business slowed it down. But beyond that, in the IT side, yes, we have seen a slowdown. But keep in mind, China represents just less than 10% of our total revenues today. So, while it obviously has some level of offsetting effect, it’s not sufficiently launch to have that much impact on our overall growth trend for the entire company.
Hock Tan: I think it’s too early at this point for me to make a call. It’s -- there’s a sense of some reopening. But if I make a call, good chance I could be wrong in a month’s time when things might shut down again.
Hock Tan: The only explanation to an earlier question was our portfolio in service storage is pretty broad-based. Now, with a couple of areas that are very large areas like RAID, MegaRAID, particularly pretty much, but they are more than MegaRAID we have. You’re correct. It’s pretty broad-based. And there are some puts and takes, obviously. But overall, we see what we tell you.
Hock Tan: Okay. Interesting question. Let me try and address that. First, I assume you imply when you say orders or forecast on shipments, we only guide Q1, so I can only give you Q1. And it’s all -- we have been all on paper, orders. These are real orders, non-cancelable. So, we’re giving you numbers that we intend to ship that we think the customer needs as far as we can scrub. And we have it. These are committed orders. These are not forecasts at all, especially when you talk about Q1, which ends, by the way, end of January. We have orders beyond end of January as it is. So, these are very committed orders. And in that -- by that same token, pretty committed revenue forecast. Just to make it clear. You’re right -- and by the way, we have pretty good visibility for -- from that particular customer, too. Now beyond that, to the second part of your question, yes, we’re very pleased with content increase that we have experienced, not every year necessarily, as you know. But over a period of years, we always see this content increase. And we’re still very, very well positioned in our product line -- in those few product lines that are, I call it, almost franchise in our North American customers. And this is Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, this is RF front end, and this is touchscreen controllers, high performance, mixed single. And that’s -- we can only -- and that’s all we focus on because these are areas where we are the best, we believe we have the best technology and delivering value to our customers. There’s no reason to find something else where you’re not the best and hope to gain share from someone else. I could apply the same to my competitors in their thinking.
Hock Tan: Infrastructure is still holding up very well, as we have said in this call so far. We see -- we continue to see infrastructure. And infrastructure, by looking at it, comes from hyperscale, in building their data centers and components to their data centers; in service providers, like telcos, where we see our strength in broadband access, gateways and broadband. And I know people are finding hard to imagine, we’re seeing it even in enterprise, where we do not -- where -- that’s why I made a comment earlier, we do not see across a cross-section of large enterprises, reduction in the IT spending for 2023. We have not seen -- we have not come across too many enterprise customers, and I’m talking real end-use customers, end-user enterprise customers who are seeing their IT budget drop below ‘22. For most that we have asked, it’s either flat or even up as they all continue to have the compelling need to keep modernizing their platform and workloads and digitizing their business model. And I think that is the only -- that was the only explanation given to me why there was no such clear reduction even as we all hear every day the likelihood, possibility of a global recession.
