Scott McGregor: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. In the June quarter Broadcom delivered revenue of $2.09 billion, up roughly 6% year-over-year and consistent with the guided range provided in April. Product gross margin came in ahead of guidance due to strong sequential growth in our infrastructure business. Operating expenses came in at the low end of the guided range. This combination of in line revenues and solid financial discipline enabled us to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.70 which is $0.02 better than first call consensus. Broadcom continues to deliver innovative products across our addressable markets, home, hand and infrastructure. We are delivering next generation gateways and set top box solutions to reduce time to market and enable seamless broadband access and video distribution. Also delivering high density Ethernet switch, carrier grade platforms and multi-core processors in the service provider and data center networks. We are also seeing strength in new connectivity technologies including 5G Wi-Fi and NFC, and we are investing in emerging growth opportunities including the Internet of Things and wearables. I would now like to turn the call over to Eric for details on second quarter results and third quarter guidance.
Scott McGregor: I’ve read some of those reports and frankly I disagree with them. We see our connectivity share for example on LTE running about three quarters of all handsets out there. When we look at our share going forward, we see it as stable. When many of those reports that are out there point out models we’ve lost, but they don’t point out all the models we’ve won. And so we do see share and good shape going forward the rest of this year. Certainly driving that is the increased adoption of 5G Wi-Fi. We’ve got excellent strength there. Our NFC products and technology are doing extremely well. In general, our connectivity products are diverse and well adapted for customers. And so we’re continuing to see strong design win traction there and we believe our share is doing just fine.Vivek Arya – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And as a follow up maybe for Eric, if you could address the operating margins in the mobile and the infrastructure segments. On the mobile side they were just under 10% and I was wondering if that was just the lower sales volumes, because I would have expected better connectivity and lower cellular to perhaps help on the margin front. And then on the infrastructure side where you saw very strong growth, but the margins around 30% are good, but are somewhat below the mid-30s you had at somewhat lower revenues a year or two ago. So if you could just help us understand puts and takes on the operating margin side. Thank you.
Scott McGregor: Thanks Harlan. In terms of our 3G business, it was soft. We don’t have too many customers right now in that business. We have one larger than others. I can’t break out specific customers, but I believe it’s a combination of demand falling a bit and possibly some inventory from Q1. We’ll need to see how that develops. But there could be a bit of inventory that we built in Q1 and that was the reason for softness in Q2. In terms of going forward, we’re pretty excited about the quad core we introduced recently. We’re on track to ship that in the third quarter and we have multiple customers looking at using that product right now. So that’s going fairly well. In terms of overall pick up on demand, we’ll have to wait and see how some of the models ship. But we’ll see how that plays out in the third quarter. But we are in more models than we have been in the last couple of quarters. Of course you have to be in the high volume models for that to really matter. But certainly the number of models is picking up for us going into the second half of the year.
Scott McGregor: It's a fair question and we look at that as well. We did call it as flattish. We are seeing though that we are taking share. So when we look at some of the peer reports that have been out over the last few days, we see them declining in the same -- in quarter's that you point out would normally be increasing. So I think that the spend is just not out there. I do see us taking share. I think if the spend were moving at a faster rate, you would see us grow at a faster rate. But we are still growing faster than the peer set there.
Scott McGregor: Well, let me be real clear on this. I mean we see that we are in about three quarters of LTE handsets. We are not in 100%, we are in a about three quarters. And so we are not going to get every single design and I think a lot of customers do want to have some diversity in their supply. So they may choose an inferior part sometimes just to keep some diversity in the supply chain. We are not seeing anything particularly new or unusual. It's a competitive market, don't get me wrong, and we have competitors out there and they fight hard for these parts. But again, a lot of these reports have made a big deal of the ones we don't win but they fail to point out the ones that used to be our competitor that we are winning. And so we are gaining share in some of the customers other than the one that some of those reports have pointed out. So I believe share looks good this year. I don't see any share loss of any proportion here. I think it looks stable and in fact we've got great technologies. And I would encourage folks do a little research on share that we are gaining at other customers that offsets maybe a model or two we loose with the customer they highlighted. So again, we are not going to get 100%, you will always be able to find some models we don't win. But you need to look at the total set and we believe we've got a pretty complete database of every handset model we are aware of in the industry and where we stand in each one of those, and we believe we're good.
Scott McGregor: I think the primary growth driver for us in to Q3 is going to be the connectivity business and again strong share and no sign of share loss there. I think that will be the primary driver for growth in that business and we'll have to see how the rest of the quarter comes out. It's a little hard to tell exactly how fast some models will sell and so we have less visibility on some of the baseband stuff. The connectivity stuff looks solid and we're calling that as the primary driver.
Scott McGregor: We'll certainly have more customer diversity in the second half. We've been doing a good job I think in our Chinese business. Our reference design there and our turnkey designs have gotten good traction and so we're picking up a lot of customers. A lot of those tend to be smaller customers though, not as large as certainly our largest one. But we probably tripled the number of customers we have in China. And I believe you're going to see us pick-up some share at some of the other top 10 vendors as we go forward here and as we roll out things like a competitive quad core coming out. So I think our customer diversity will improve. I think we'll be in more models. And then it’s just a question of how many of each of those models sell and that really drives the overall volume.
Scott McGregor: In fact, if you look at last year, we had really substantial growth in the third quarter. We certainly see the industry being a bit softer this year overall and I think that probably coloring in a little bit. But we’re calling it like we see it and if it turns out to be more than that, great. But we’re calling it like we see it right now.
Scott McGregor: Yeah, I saw that as well and I believe a lot of those employees went to other jobs and other things a number of quarters ago. So this isn’t particularly new news. It could be that some IT was sold or patents or something like that and that may be the basis for this deal. To the extent that customers have looked at vertical integration plays, we’ve seen this happen over and over again and generally it doesn’t work out very well. We saw this happen with another of our large customers buying one of our sales competitors of their business and they still after multiple years have yet to ship a product from it. I think if you look at the TI business that they sold, it was in pretty bad shape and they even got kicked out of their last partner there towards the end. The business was basically non-competitive. So my guess is if you were able to pick up a groove and reassemble it and get it going again, you’re years away from having a product that would be competitive with ours. So I don’t see that as a factor certainly for the next few years, if at all.
Scott McGregor: We’re spending the better part of $1 billion in R&D in that space and so -- on overall wireless space. So I think that’s going to be very tough if you’ve got a handful of engineers to go compete there. But we have we believe the largest R&D team in the industry on that. We have the largest business there and it’s got a lot of different kinds of connectivity chips. And we see this happen often where somebody will try to create a connectivity chip. And I think that really misses it because what our customers like about Broadcom is that we have a whole family of connectivity chips that all mix and match. You can have a whole variety of SKUs. They’re all software compatible and it’s very hard with a connectivity chip because you can only target a small number of the SKUs. I think just in terms of the wireless connectivity business alone, we spend over $400 million in R&D per year. So again that’s not going to be an easy business to pick off.
Scott McGregor: I can't give you quite all the details you’re looking for, but let me try to help. It was a surprise to us too. We did guide our wireless business to be up in the quarter and instead it was down about 3%. And so that was a bit surprising to us. And again demand in the baseband business was a factor. But I mean it wasn't the only factor there are other significant factors in that number as well including a decline in GPS and some of the other minor product lines within the wireless business outside of connectivity. So I would say some of that was baseband, some of it was these other pieces. So we don't put all of it on the baseband, but baseband was one of the larger pieces but not more than half of that. So hopefully that helps a little bit in terms of the overall picture.
Scott McGregor: Let's see, I don't have those handy. Chris, you have those, we can maybe put out there. Hold on one second.
Scott McGregor: We'll try to get some numbers later in the call and come back to you on that. But we don't have those at our fingertips.
Scott McGregor: Carrier certification is going well. We're in, for example, AT&T ADAPT and we expect to conclude that certification by the end of the year. We're looking at other carriers as well and getting good feedback from customers. The product that's in the hands of customers is going well and we're feeling good about that. In terms of revenue, we have said that we see revenue in 2014. But I would say that we probably won't have a material amount of revenue in the first half of 2014. It's more a later 2014 event for us. And so probably don't assume any material revenue in the first half.
Scott McGregor: No. We've said 2014 all along. So that’s no change. I think we just wanted to clarify and help you in your models that we don't see a material revenue event in the first half. Operator Thank you our next question is Craig Ellis with B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Scott McGregor: I think it's going to -- the quad-core is definitely going to help. It makes us have a more competitive portfolio overall and we’ll certainly pick up some wins there and maybe some new customers as well. In terms of really driving significant growth, I don't think it’s going to do that. I think we need LTE to really drive significant growth going forward and to have strong products ramping there. I think that's what's going to drive the real growth.
Scott McGregor: We only guide one quarter ahead. And so in the current quarter which is our guide, we've said that the wireless business will be up. And we believe that probably the strength will be stronger on the connectivity side than on the baseband side. So that's the color we're able to get today.
Scott McGregor: I think the trend towards AC is definitely still there. It's becoming more of a mandatory thing to have in certainly a high-end product today. And I think it's moving towards something you want to see in the mid-range going forward. So I think the penetration rates of AC are pretty much intact, plus or minus few months.
Scott McGregor: Well we are certainly engaged right now and having discussions with more than two customers right now. We're involved with a number of customers. And we'll have to see how rapidly they can ship and how rapidly they deploy how many models we get. So that's still up in the air a little bit but we are definitely engaged with multiple customers and not just focused on one.
Scott McGregor: I think there is definitely built up demand on Trident II. We had a number of customers who basically had boxes ready to go, as soon as they can get the chips to put them out there. So, definitely pent up demand on Trident II. And in terms of your other question in terms of the penetration of all these products, yeah, I think you're going to see penetration definitely be on the data center and moving into the other areas. And certainly our intention to expand our product portfolio, not just switches but also network processors to help with that.
Scott McGregor: So it was across the business. And again let me sort of just explain it at a high level and let me let Eric explain sort of how the impairment works and why that got triggered. For us, since we acquired NetLogic, the service provider business in particular has come down significantly over two to four quarters. And the impairment is a fairly mechanical process that does a ten-year calculation of what became a lower base. And so you have this sort of irony that we're showing that the infrastructure segment is picking up significantly at the same time we take this impairment. And you would say, well, how could that happen, what's the logic behind that? So let me turn it over to Eric a little bit to explain sort of how does the impairment work and what mechanically made that happen.
Scott McGregor: The NetLogic business is doing fine from a share point of view. It's doing great and all the strategic reasons to do the acquisition are intact. The challenge we have is the market has come down, triggering the impairment. So it is consistent to have strong share and growth in that business and an impairment at the same time for the reasons that Eric said because of the lower base coming down over the last year then cascaded over 10 years forward. So all of the logical reasons why we did that acquisition are intact. This new (inaudible) product, the 20 core, 80 thread processor is incredible. That's a great product. They’ve been working on that for a while and that's a very significant deployment since the group in the market in the KBP which is the largest piece of the NetLogic revenues. Share is holding up well. There is one small competitor coming into that market but really hasn't gotten much traction. And the other competitor in that space is exiting the business. And so share probably goes up there over the next year. So, all that's in pretty good shape from a share point of view. It’s just it’s a lower base and that's we’re struggling with. And yes that's disappointing, but that's what we have and we think we're doing really well with that going forward.
Scott McGregor: In the wireless space it's definitely from the handset side. That's the largest driver of that business. It's a combination of strong products and higher penetration of all the technologies. And as I've said earlier, we’ve got really great products in that space and we’re doing well and we expect to see that share definitely carry forward for us.
Scott McGregor: I’d like to thank everyone for joining us today. We are excited about the multiple growth opportunities that lie ahead, many that we've mentioned. Our team is very focused on delivering our LTE advance modem. We talked about that a bit is an important growth driver for smartphones and for tablets in 2014. We believe we're developing a number of disruptive connectivity solutions that are going to power the nascent market for wearables and the internet of things. That's a big market yet to come. We're just starting the production ramp of our Trident-2 platform for top of rack switch, very much in demand product right now. And we continue to see good growth in the data center market. In broadband, we’re setting the stage for the industry transition to HEVC next year and ultra HD in the years that follow. We think all of these are great trends that will drive growth for us here at Broadcom. Thank you very much again for joining us and have a good day.
Eric Brandt: Thanks, Scott. As Chris mentioned, please refer to the data breakout in the investors section of our website for additional information that will supplement my financial commentary. Moving to the financial overview. To summarize, total revenue of $2.09 billion including product revenue of $2.04 billion. Q2 total net revenue was up 4.2% sequentially and 6% year-over-year. Q2 non-GAAP product gross margin went down 20 basis points from Q1 to 51.8%. Q2 GAAP product gross margin was 49.4%. Non-GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were $3 million sequential while GAAP R&D plus SG&A expenses were down $1 million. Q2 non-GAAP EPS was $0.70 or $0.02 above first call consensus of $0.68 per share. Q2 GAAP loss per share was $0.43 which included $0.93 of acquisition related amortization and charges outlines in our earnings release. Cash flow from operations for Q2 was $334 million. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of the quarter was $4.2 billion. Moving to revenue and gross margin. In April we said we expect that Q2 total net revenue to be roughly $2.1 billion plus or minus 4%. We delivered revenue slightly below the midpoint of that range of $2.09 billion. Our broadband communications segment increased roughly 6% sequentially from Q1 to $568 million driven by growth in sales of both set top box platforms and broadband modem solutions. Revenue from our infrastructure and networking segment came in meaningfully ahead of expectations and increased 19% sequentially to $512 million, primarily driven by strength in Ethernet switches and PHYs. Our mobile and wireless segment decreased 3% sequentially to $967 million. Strength in NFC and 5G Wi-Fi were offset by softness in baseband. Our Q2 non-GAAP product gross margin came in ahead of expectations and was down 20 basis points from Q1 to 51.8%. Gross margin benefitted from stronger than expected mix in our infrastructure networking business which was mostly offset by increases in non-standard cost, including obsolete inventory. Our Q2 GAAP product gross margin was flat at 49.4%. Moving to operating expenses, total non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for Q2 were up $3 million from Q1 levels, which is at the low end of our guided range provided in April of flat to up approximately $25 million. Favorability was across multiple line items. On a GAAP basis, R&D and SG&A expenses were down $1 million from Q1 levels. Moving to the impairment of purchase intangibles. During the quarter, we recorded an impairment charge of $501 million, or $0.87 per share, primarily related to our NetLogic acquisition. The impairment was principally driven by reductions in our long term forecasted revenue from acquired product lines in the service provider market. These reductions are an extension of the slower than expected growth we’ve seen in sales of NetLogic products into the service provider market over the last two quarters. For further discussion please see our 10-Q that we anticipate filing later today. Moving to the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities ended Q2 at $4.2 billion. This reflects cash flow from operations of $334 million, our dividend payment of $64 million and stock repurchases of $110 million in the quarter. Our accounts receivable day sales outstanding were 33 days in Q2. In addition, net inventory turns were 6.8 in Q2. Moving to expectations, we currently expect net revenue in Q3 to be $2.05 billion to $2.20 billion which equates to roughly flat to up 7%, excluding discontinued Qualcomm royalties. From a segment perspective, we expect broadband revenue to be roughly flat sequentially, infrastructure and the mobile and wireless revenues to be up slightly in the quarter. We expect Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP product gross margins to be up roughly half a point, driven principally by the non-recurrence of non-standard charges reported in Q2. In addition, we expect non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses in Q3 to be flat to up $20 million due to some delayed hiring from Q2 and increased legal costs. We anticipate GAAP expenses coming down roughly $5 million to up $15 million. With the completion of the Qualcomm royalties, starting in Q4 we will no longer differentiate between product revenue and gross margin and total company revenue and gross margin. When we provide guidance for Q4, we will do so on a product plus recurring licensing revenue basis for both revenue and gross margins. Now I’d like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk more about the state of the business.
Eric Brandt: Sure. On both of those I would say that the gross margins are relatively stable inside of those businesses. There are some puts and takes moving around. So they’re principally driven by the movements in revenue. So mobile and wireless principally driven by the movement in revenue and some increased costs on their part as they are our focus point for investment. And on the infrastructure side, relatively tight cost management stable gross margins and just the effect of adding the revenue to those numbers.
Eric Brandt: And Harlan, I would just also comment that if you look historically Q2 has tended to be the stronger growth quarter sequentially for broadband versus Q3 and we have (inaudible) pretty good sequential growth in Q2 for broadband.
Eric Brandt: The combo business has been strong and so the softness is in our baseband business. Also to some extent in our GPS businesses, some of the PND devices phase out in favor of people using their phones. So in terms of why is this, I think, as I mentioned to Harlan earlier, it could be a little bit of inventory but a demand issue from our customers, but I couldn't speculate based on that exactly the nature of that.
Eric Brandt: I don't think any of it was inventory build in the ramp going forward. And the reason that we are a little cautious going forward is, we just want to make sure that we don't have an inventory build situation. Trident II is an incredibly popular chip. I think pretty much every single customer has slotted that chip into their product family. So very, very strong ramp there. And as we ramp into that, I think customers are trying to get as many of those devices as they can. And again, we are trying to be a little conservative on our guide there, just because we could see some attempted inventory build and we don't want to have that be a factor. But I think that is a very, very strong driver in datacenter. We are seeing also some service provider build outs. Finally some of these tenders are coming through. I note that one of the U.S. carriers announced that their CapEx is just fine and increasing. And we're seeing now some of the tenders happen in China, which can be substantial. Now those were expected, but they are beginning to happen and I think that's driving it too. So it's not like one or two customers it's broad-based and we're seeing some pickup there. And those are good margin products for us.
Eric Brandt: Sure. Actually inventory is up about $90 million, about half of that is a spot purchase that we did. So to the extent that we can use our balance sheet to buy inventory which raises our gross margin, we'll do that. And so if you would have backed that out we would probably be up 45 or 50 basis points, in terms of turns in north of 7 which would be about where we expect it to be. But given that we have this opportunity to improve the gross margins and do a spot purchase, we took advantage of it.
Eric Brandt: And I just want to come back to just the points that you asked just generally on seasonality. Generally the company's seasonality in a normal year, and again in the normal year is typically a growth year for comps at around 9% or 10%. I think people are projecting somewhere around 2, is down mid-single-digits in Q1, up high singles in Q3 to low double and then down usually mid singles in Q4, low mid singles in Q4. And given that wireless is about half of our business, it tends to follow that pattern, perhaps a little bit more exaggerated. So hard to say with a lower growth year exactly how that's going to play out, but I suspect the hump of the year looks -- normally looks over the last five or 10 years.
Eric Brandt: So if you look, from the time we did the acquisition to today, as you know the market has come down. And so if we look at 2013 in terms of what we had in the forecast and we actually did purchase intangibles and sort of where we are two quarters into 2013, that came down about 20% to 25%. If you hold relatively stable growth rates from your original set of assumptions because it wouldn't be reasonable to ratchet your growth rates up to hold your original revenue numbers over the next seven years or ten years really is how you do the modeling. Then what you do because of the miracle of compounding is that 20% to 25% begins to look like 30% or 40%, just because of a compounding effect. That then crosses the line that triggers the impairment and goes from an undiscounted cash flow basis to a discounted cash flow basis, and that's what drives the impairment through and it was about $461 million on NetLogic. Having said that, I think we still believe that the growth rates of the business are relatively consistent to what we thought they would be. It's just that the base year of 2013 has turned out to be lower than we thought.
