Hock Tan: We’ve seen strength and we saw it obviously in bookings in Q1 for shipments in Q2. And we saw very large -- very -- a lot of strength in both enterprise as well as cloud datacenters in both respects. It’s just strong. And it’s strong across full range of our networking products that I commented on. We also saw strong bookings which will translate into revenues obviously in Q2, very strong revenue recovery in our broadband carrier access, which basically reflects DSL, digital subscriber line, PON, and attach enterprise and carrier Wi-Fi. And that’s typically seasonality and it came back very, very strongly. What we don’t see a sharp recovery is obviously fiber optics in networking, though fiber optics out of datacenters continued to be there -- not continued but has shown renewed strength. So, basically datacenter cloud that are showing -- enterprise showing a lot of strength to offset what I call, metro networks and in our case, still continued flatness in set-top box.
Hock Tan: Well, a good point. I guess, let’s talk about content. And as I’ve articulated before, earlier, in previous call and that view hasn’t changed. On the sustained basis, I’ll put it over the next five years, in a multiple sockets we have been, which as you know represents both RF frontend, Wi-Financial/Bluetooth combo chips in wireless connectivity, and touch, basically touch, phone touch and to some extent wireless charging as well. Combined all together, we have those many sockets on a sustained basis over the next I’ll put three years, possibly five years. We see that content sustaining growth in the teens, double digits. This has been the way it was for the last five years and the trend towards increased content whether it’s 4G, 4.5G or 5G, we do not see that changing.
Hock Tan: Okay. On the share side, I mean, I’d say this way. We have positioned the business we are in and it’s not just wireless, by the way, no differently in wired, enterprise storage and industrial, the core businesses, we call them franchises that we are in, all 20 of them product lines. We picked them in product line franchises to be businesses that we are very clearly out there in the lead. Technology and market share and where we continue to invest a lot of money for further innovation for progressing technology. The bottom-line to what I’m trying to get at is, in those businesses, what we worry about or what we have left to worry about are really ankle-biters. And to be honest ankle-biters’ biggest problem, they cannot bite above the ankle.
Hock Tan: And we have articulated in prior calls as far as a couple of years ago that this business model we have put in place is one that on an annualized basis, take it, as something longer term, we tend to drive gross margin expansion around 100 basis points each year, maybe plus-minus 25 basis points. But year by year, if you look back several years, we’ve grown gross margin or we have expanded gross margin around 100 basis points. And we believe that trend still continues.
Hock Tan: And to add to that. The last few years -- what Tom is saying is the only volatile part of it is the hard disk drive business. And that’s relative -- for years, it has [indiscernible] whole enterprise storage business we see there, [ph] components are very, very stable, grow low-single digit, nothing exciting but very, very predictable and stable. What happened probably a year or two ago, was Flash coming in the picture and stoppages and creating impact. To the extent, it creates impact which is on the consumer prime side of hard disk drive and that creates some level of impact. Beyond, as client goes down -- as the portion of the hard disk drive market and the datacenter part of the business expands what we called near line, you will see that volatility start to go away to. And what you will end up with then, our enterprise storage business has an extremely stable business, single-digit growth if at all but extremely profitable.
Hock Tan: Right. That’s the best part of the question. But to try and answer your technical part, which is what the hell happened in Q1 and all that. First, if you compare year-on-year. If you compare year-on-year, which was Q1 a year ago, don’t forget what we did a year ago, there were some exceptional items in a year ago. What we did as part of the integration of classic Broadcom to Avago is where to dispose of certain assets. And as part of that, we sold manufacturing rights, which we articulated at that time when we announced the earnings to certain companies out there as part of the disposal process on overlapping products in the integration. And that checked down the revenue artificial one-time a year ago. So, we had that little compare to hit. And the amount there wasn’t small. It was over $60 million, $70 million, small by total standards of $2 billion but nonetheless it’s just a percentage and you worry about the 10%. So that’s one thing I wanted to add on. But on Q1, to address your question on it, our wired infrastructure -- our wired business is really two parts when you look at it. One is data center, very much data center enterprise business, which is networking and that’s about just almost -- it’s roughly half. And you have the other half, which is small carrier related, operator -- service provider related, which is really the set-top business that carrier access business and a part of our optics business, optical transceiver business, just as a part of optical transceiver and datacenters. And it’s very interesting that the enterprise and datacenter business which was holding up in January quarter, but the other side was all down, all down, including optical that relates to fiber-to-the-home to networks and operators, especially in China and as well as carrier access, seasonally down, set-top box seasonally down quarter. So, we have one side being dramatically down, one side holding up. Then comes April, and we see the part that’s down a lot, starts to recover quite strongly, especially in carrier access, operator, [ph] the fiber optics in China on networks and set-box have not, but that part of it popped. [Ph] What we really start to see is also the other -- the half of the business in datacenter enterprise took on huge strength. A big part of it is some of the -- we start to ramp on some certain new products. I don’t want to get into specific, you probably know that they are networking and they are in AI especially as well as various other programs all related to cloud and enterprise been very strong. And that’s what drove this April strength. And that’s the kind of the whole story.
Hock Tan: That is the one that will grow around 5%. And it’s because -- I didn’t finish the previous question totally, I do apologize, but to answer the question on that, when you look at our wired business, it has two parts. One is enterprise datacenters, which includes the switching -- basically a lot of it is a switching, the controllers, routing, even part of routing, and even fiber optic that go to datacenters. That area we have been seeing is growing very, very fast. Now, occasional hiatus, flattening out, not going down but flattening out is happening generally as I indicated, even though demand continued to be good. But it keeps grow, and grows I would say close to probably on a year-on-year basis probably close to 10%. Then, we have the other side of business, which is more related to network service providers. And those are more volatile, more seasonal. But if you take it on an annualized basis, I would say, it’s practically flat. And that’s why I say on an average let’s say mid single digits, when you average out on a annual basis over a five-year period that it’d be running at that rate. It’s very strong enterprise and cloud products or -- enterprise and cloud and there continues be a lot of innovation in that area, which are right in the cycle, which we drive inside a lot of it, which includes new applications, new ways to optimize datacenters and cloud, less so in enterprise but definitely in cloud. And associated with it fiber optics that ties to cloud computing, and against that a more traditional but nonetheless very, very stable and sticky service provider wired business in the video delivery, set-top box, OTT as well and carrier access, which gateways, both on -- gateways especially for carriers. So, it’s a mix of the two and the dynamics of the two but it’s very clear that big part of the half is growing very fast relatively speaking and the other half doesn’t grow.
Hock Tan: Well, you look at the phone dynamics, actually at the high end, smart flagship status, and if you take the key assumption which we do subscribe to, that flagship status remains and continues. To remain in a flagship status, those phone makers, particular phone makers have to innovate, have to offer features that continue to push their envelope. They are probably more mindful as they will be for cost, overall cost. But a lot of our components are not gimmicks, realize. They are like basic fundamentals to a phone working in various bandwidths. To give you an example of 5G. 5G adds on a lot more spectral bandwidth, which means you did more content. Just simple basic fundamental says that going to 5G means, you find new spectrum bandwidth to operate in an every spectrum you find, you need more components in that direction. You need more bandwidth in wireless connectivity; you push in that direction too. So yes there will be. Now not necessarily every place points this. Touch screen, people might be cheaper and not push it much into it, we understand that. So that’s a mix of both, which is why I say on a long-term five-year trend, the fundamental feature requirements will be let’s drive growth because you are running with more of higher -- more requirements in terms of performance, even it’s as basic as operating in more spectral bandwidth as you go from 4G to 5G and on and on. And that alone by itself will drive if you continue [ph] that low at least low double digit in content. That’s all getting around it.
Hock Tan: Yes, for sure. Our fiscal ‘18 compared to fiscal ‘17, we see our wireless business growing, and we articulated that out mid-single digits; there is quarterly ups, quarterly downs that all taken think on an annual basis. It’s just the trend from enterprise but more than that datacenters, switching from the cloud and pushing very hard for a lot more silicon products in those datacenters. Bandwidth, they need more bandwidth, they need setup pipes, [ph] they need offloading, which means chips, controller chips that are getting very smart. And I think that do things beyond what a standard CUP would do. Again, all these opportunities take -- that drive this silicon growth in this area. Bandwidth alone is driving us to keep coming up with newer and newer generation, faster and faster by the way.
Hock Tan: The goal is -- yes, our mix signal thing or you call it the analog thing and the digital is, we have one of the strongest I call it analog team in terms of DSP and converting analog with real world signals to digital in order for us to do organic stuff, faithfully ADC, analog to digital converters, which is one of our key strengths. So, we don’t publicize it very much because that’s what we do. We have people see us as a very strong digital company but you can’t just do digital alone. What we have is actually one of the strongest analog to digital conversion capability in the world. And that has enabled us to do a lot of things very well in many ways from the public eye. We can do a digital frontend ADC for even things like base stations as an example. And we do it for human interface as part of our capability and we do it for coherent receivers in DSP -- on a DSP basis. We have a strong capability of people who, best way to describe it, virtually walk on water from the view point of many of our customers. And that has enabled us to keep getting the strong backlog of programs that we are actively engaged in, in the various core business franchises we’re in. This doesn’t deviate us from our core franchises actually, I’d just say that. It just enables us to drive those core franchises deeper and deeper into performance whether it be next generation technology, whether it’s driving 100 gigabit per second studies or driving ADCs that push the boundaries of where -- spend on product, technology, driving products and touch screen controllers and various other things. So, we see that as very useful to capability towards continuing to sustain our leadership in those various core franchises we are in.
Hock Tan: That’s very, very insightful and perceptive question. You’re right. We have something to see there and we’re very careful. But we have been asked by -- I mean some of it, of course we take [ph] it out ourselves. But in some cases, certain customers who meet technology that pushes envelope like speeds of -- the accuracy and speeds of ADCs for instance. We’ve been asked by certain customers into areas beyond what we’ve touched on. And I also mentioned that on the ADC, on the front end of the base stations as an example where we’ve been told by customers to design a CMOS [ph] silicon, what used to take non-CMOS processes to do and be able to achieve the same performance with much lower power and potential integration possibility. All that comes in. And you’re right, we don’t know where the limits are but we’re very careful that we do not expand resources in the wrong manner back to ROI. Every dollar or every resource we put into a program, we are very conservative, very reserved [ph] you may say about ensuring we get a very good ROI. And that comes in making sure customers put skin in the game together with us when they ask us to do programs where we are expected to as I could say walk on water. We want to make sure that we get a high probability of the good ROI in doing that. But it goes to enhance our overall business model of franchises in the various end markets we are very, very good at.
Hock Tan: Again very insightful and we see that. And I’d just say we’re very disciplined, extremely disciplined just by the way we do our acquisitions, recent example et cetera, just kidding. But typically, we are very, very disciplined. And here in the use of resources in developing a program that is outside what we consider to be franchise areas, call areas, we will be very, very careful; very, very disciplined. We don’t take everything thrown in our direction.
Tom Krause: Yes. We’ve been really pleased with Brocade. Obviously that’s something that’s been in the works for some time. And the business we were targeting there was the SAN switching business. It’s continued to sustain as we had envisioned throughout not only close [ph] period but obviously as a very good start as part of Broadcom, going forward. Clearly, it’s a unique asset from a financial standpoint as well, Craig, it’s margin accretive to the Company. We see that continue to contribute positively to earnings and free cash flow. And frankly sort echo some of the comments I said in the prepared remarks, really reflects the kind of transactions we’re looking to target going forward.
Tom Krause: I think, Ross, what it’s trying to reinforce is that Hock and I are focused on doing what’s in the best interest of shareholders. And we’ve had the opportunity to reflect after this week’s event on obviously the go forward capital allocation strategy. And we feel, looking at the landscape that the strategy we’ve had in place here for quite some time remains the value to drive these returns. And I think we want to maintain that we continue to be very focused on shareholder returns. And if that strategy no longer presents this type of returns, then we will focus elsewhere.
Tom Krause: I will take it. Look, I think, there’s a couple of things going on, both there’s short-term and there’s longer. Let me comment on both. Short-term, when you look at the seasonality in the business over the fiscal year, obviously, the second half of the year is typically more wireless-weighted. Wireless, as everyone knows, tends to carry slightly lower than corporate gross margin. So, I think, I wouldn’t get too excited in terms of where gross margins go from here through the end of this fiscal year. However, that being said, as you look longer term, consistent with the business model, how it’s been driving last 11 years, we continue to see content gains. We continue to have very good product leadership across the 20 franchise businesses. We’ve added Brocade which is margin accretive. So, we don’t see any reason, as I said in the prepared remarks, that as we sustain mid single digit revenue growth, you’re not going to see leverage, not only from an operating and free cash flow perspective but a lot of that’s going to get driven by gross margin expansion. We don’t see any reason that that can’t continue.
Tom Krause: Yes. It’s a good question. Look, we -- there is a lot of things going on. You’ve got the payroll uptick because of RSUs which is material. You’ve got Brocade transition costs, which we have the benefit of having a longer time between sign and close. So, we’re very much actually past day two [ph] now and are on way to being fully integrated. So that should come off and bring numbers down. So, as we look at the second half of the year, look, I would be thinking, you’re not going to see OpEx go up anymore, probably there is trend down slightly. But we’re running at or about these levels when you exclude the Brocade transition expenses.
Tom Krause: Well, obviously, we don’t want to get into the specifics. And I think what I would say is we’re open to anything that helps. One, it is consistent with our business model; two, it helps us drive the kind of returns well in excess of alternatives. So, we have obviously shown openness. We obviously did Brocade, which is more of an appliance systems business but very consistent with our strategy and will remain that way going forward. 
Tom Krause: Well, I think it’s happening. I mean that was the point of spelling it out for Q2. I mean, in Q1, you do have something that happens every year, which is we pay out our annual performance bonuses and hopefully we’ll be able to continue to payout the bonuses we’ve been paying out over the past many years, going forward. So, I’d expect that. But beyond that, the onetime items around the Brocade acquisition and the restructuring activities there as well as paying down the -- actually one last legacy pensions we have where there is a liability, those are onetime items. So, if you took those away, we’re already running well above 40%, which is actually very much in line with non-GAAP net income. So, we feel pretty good we’re already seeing that convergence especially as you look into Q2.
