Tom Krause: Thank you, Hock, and good afternoon everyone. My comments today will focus primarily on our non-GAAP results from continuing operations unless otherwise specifically noted. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP days is included in the earnings release issued today and is also available on our website at broacom.com. For the second quarter, starting with the revenue of $4.2 billion, which grew by 1% sequentially. Year-on-year, growth for the second quarter revenue was 18%, which I would notice continues to be well ahead of our long-term growth rate targets of mid-single digits. Foxconn was only the greater than 10% direct customer in the second fiscal quarter. Our second quarter gross margins from continuing operations were 63.1%, 70 basis points higher than our prior quarter and 110 basis points above the midpoint of guidance. The improvement in gross margins is primarily due to higher revenue and better than expected IP licensing revenue within our industrial and other segment. I would note, we do expect to be able to sustain these gross margins going forward. Turning to operating expenses, R&D expenses were 677 million and SG&A expenses were $122 million, totaling 799 million or 19% of net revenue for the second quarter. This was slightly higher than guidance as we accrued for a larger projected annual bonus compensation expense, driven by better than expected operating income. As I mentioned last quarter, we are comfortable at this relative level of operating expense given our current portfolio of businesses. Operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $1.85 billion and represented 44.1% of net revenue. We now have line of sight to achieving our long-term operating margin target of 45%. Provisions for taxes came in at $78 million slightly above our guidance. This is primarily due to higher than expected net income. Second quarter interest expense was a 112 million and other income net was 3 million. Second quarter net income was 1.67 billion and earnings per diluted share was $3.69. Our share based compensation expense in the second quarter was 216 million. Moving onto the balance sheet, our day sales outstanding were 45 days, an increase of two days from the prior quarter due to a reduction in linearity of revenue in the quarter. Our inventory ended at 1.31 billion, a decrease of 25 million from the beginning of the quarter. We generated 1.58 billion in operational cash flow, which does include the impact of an increase in working capital. Expenditures on classic Broadcom restructuring integration activities continues to decline as expected, as we expanded approximately $50 million in cash on these activities in the second quarter. Free cash flow in the second quarter was 1.33 billion or 32% of net revenue. I would note, we are making very good progress towards our long-term target of 35%. Capital expenditure in the second quarter was 256 million or 6.1% of net revenue. As a reminder, we do expect our long-term CapEx to decline to about 3% of net revenue. A total of 437 million in cash was spent on company dividend and partnership distribution payments in the second quarter. We ended the second quarter with cash and short-term investment balance of 4.45 billion. Our cash balance is running at elevated levels, which we expect will continue through the third quarter anticipation of close and depending acquisition of Brocade. Now, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. This guidance reflects our current assessment of business conditions and we do not intend to update this guidance. This guidance is for results from continuing operations only. Net revenue is expected to be 4.45 billion plus or minus 75 million. Gross margin is expected to be 63%, plus or minus 1 percentage point. Operating expenses are estimated to be approximately 787 million. Our tax provision is forecasted to be approximately 86 million. The net interest expense and other is expected to be approximately 100 million. Note, this reflects anticipated interest expense on our long-term debt of 112 million offset, largely by other income including interest earned on our cash balance. The diluted share count forecast is for 456 million shares. Share-based compensation expense will be approximately 255 million. Capital expenditure will be approximately 240 million. As you have seen, our Board has declared a dividend of $1.02 per share to be paid later in this fiscal -- third fiscal quarter. We’re looking forward to completing the acquisition of Brocade, which is proceeding as planned and subject to the satisfaction off the remaining closing conditions. We presently expect to close this transaction on or about July 31, 2017. That concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, please open up the call for questions.
Tom Krause: Amit, I get this point. We're not updating our financial model. We're not updating our operating margin targets. We're very comfortable at 45%.
Tom Krause: And Amit, I think we're going to be able to sustain in around that number. I think you're right, there is some wireless mix with slightly headwind. We've also work through a lot of the Broadcom synergies and the benefits we receive there, but I think we planned to sustain that going forward.
Tom Krause: No, you're right you're doing your math absolutely right. The Company take into account the elevated CapEx for mostly the campus investments we're making that you're aware of and some incremental restructuring charges and frankly some working capital headwinds as the business continues to grow. You're quickly get to 35% in which is where we want to be and obviously when we it continue to put up those numbers going forward, but based on where we see revenues and gross margins and operating expenses that we outlined for you, we think that's achievable.
Tom Krause: Yes. Stacy, I think, we reiterated a couple of quarters that going put in place the financial policy that we're going to evaluate that once a year at the end of our fiscal year so that will be in October November timeframe. We're going to look back over our last fiscal year look at that cash flow generation, look at the sustainability of the businesses that we're focused on and then make an assessment obviously with the board's approval around a recommendation. But what I want to reiterate is you're right as we continue to perform if we maintain that we could plan to do our 50% payout then that's going to lead to obviously an increased potentially increase in the dividend in the end of the year. 
Tom Krause: Yes. And even this is just housekeeping but that business, while product line is in our Wireline segment, not in our wireless segment.
Hock Tan: It’s timing. I think, it is timing; last year, the similar ramp was earlier -- was stronger in Q3 probably because it was earlier. And here the initial volume in our fiscal Q2 was smaller, made up with content on our side, but definitely Q4 is forecasted to be larger.
Hock Tan: Well, it's growing -- it’s growing as we mentioned pretty much single digit, low-single digit. I would say it's at a high elevated level and kind of staying there for now in Q3. Q4 of course as we expressed in a cautionary manner is a whole new game. Visibility is -- obviously, we are not booking everything in Q4 here, but we pretty booked Q3.
Hock Tan: We are very committed to our business model of only having franchises, very much though. And as I mentioned, all 18 of our product lines are product franchises in connectivity solutions. We are also very committed to not only those franchises but generating lots and lots of free cash flow which we top of -- which we will return to shareholder. All that up on model, no change. Bottom line, don't believe everything you read out there, please.
Hock Tan: There is a lot of questions and content. I’ll start with the serious one. We don't forecast beyond one quarter you know, bad practice frankly because we could be very sadly wrong. But obviously, what we are also seeing is from the limited visibility we see, we see the ramp beginning in our fiscal Q3 which as you know is an off calendar ramp by one month, July. So, we captured a part of that ramp, we believe it is a small part, and we expect to capture the substantial part of that ramp in Q4. But keep in mind always when you compare year-on-year, we have different content levels from a year ago substantial as I pointed out. So, that my kind of confused the numbers somewhat. But suffice to say, Q3 as we outlined since the beginning of the ramp may not be the same level of ramp if you compare to a year ago for the couple of reasons I mentioned. But we also see Q4 to even ramp up, even more substantially obviously because if Q3 is slower, it’s more than likely Q4 in any product ramp would just show a stronger quarter compared to Q3. So, that said, but other -- the specifics really, I am not really at liberty to disclose it because we just don’t go look that far out. As far as the trash talk you hear out there, seriously, we don’t prefer to -- I prefer not to comment on that.
Hock Tan: I am already stretching a lot to say, there is a certain North American customer. We have very good content to customer we daily value. I prefer not to give you any more details other than that. Thank you.
Hock Tan: Well, we feel very good about our merchant silicon in switching and now routing as we call it, which is the DNX series and the Jericho, Jericho plus all the -- and we have launched that. And their use not just -- its routers, they use as aggregation switching in the spine. And so, it’s a very good aggregation, solidly much cover in our merchant silicon even at the high performance, high competitive top of the rack switching. We pretty much cover a full range of requirements. And so that’s going to alone very well. In fact, as of penetration especially in the cloud guys is very, very good. Adoption among the hyper-scale cloud guys is extremely strong, extremely well used. And well, all this is going on, some penetration and enterprise is happening. But here in enterprise tradition enterprise our fixed switch and routers continue to run very, very well through our OEM partners.
Hock Tan: No, we don’t. We see in this third quarter, very good data center spending. And I said this, a lot of this -- I assume when you say service provider, you mean the cloud guys. And the cloud guys are very much focused on using merchant silicon on the switching and routing connectivity solutions. So -- and we see very strong spent, which is part of the reason why we are raising our sequential growth in Q3 from Q2 in Wired to be mid -- to up to mid-single digits. Off course, it also helped by the seasonal uptrend we’re seeing in broadband access and set-top box, which is CPE. And that's because of the seasonality, but in some entirely that is also a switching and developing in datacenters. 
Hock Tan: I never try to be too optimistic. At this time of the year -- at this time of the year, we see always the typical seasonality and by we seeing it now and bookings out Q3 and the beginning of Q4, very strong booking, but I'd like to consider that seasonality rather than unusual seasonality this is normal.
Hock Tan: I know you do, very impressive question, but you won't get as impressive answer through I have to say that because all we are doing is, we sell based on the where you added we provide our very key customers specially what it is. And we believe, we deserve and get the value added we provide in our products to the solutions of our customers. And we think, it will drive us to 45% as a fairly, fairly decent way to get there.
Hock Tan: Well, we kind of give you what we see. We hit to meet focus guys as you probably know. So, we kind a give you something that we feeling very comfortable with and we are very comfortable at the midpoint of 63% which you're right, we achieved it last quarter. 
Hock Tan: On a long-term basis, no, because don’t forget -- the characters of our product guidance all 18 events even the 19 eventually locate. They are very sustainable, that’s a single most important product like sustainable franchisees. I mean the deliver value added and you give delivering new generation of the generation. They’re not there to grow like we, they’re not. But it grows like GDP pretty much economic growth. We’ve added for the fact that each generation provide further value added, which entitled us to have slight premium, but not much. And hence it’s mid-single-digit, which is GDP but like premium. No more in debt and that is long-term sustainable basis because it’s a nature of the products we invest in, nature of our business model. What is seen now? I think is a short-term event, which is driven 18%, 17%, 18% as you mentioned year-on-year in Q2 from last year. It is driven by two part is my view on this matter. One is while the Q2 of a year ago, it’s on because the Q2 this year is strong as much as a Q2 and there is only wireless was unusually weak for good reasons menu, which are not going to, but you all know that. And this quarter is more of a normal Q2, perhaps somewhat buttress by a strong launch of our Korean customer. But it’s kind of stronger than we expect that as I mentioned. So, there is a – a big part of that double digit growth is wireless growth driving in and that’s a 30% of our total revenues approximately. So, it grows a lot, it has that impact. And the second part of it is on infrastructure, our business in Wired, Industrial and Enterprise Storage. This year 17, business is just strong. The pipe just rose and I think that the other part that drove this double-digit growth. But you don’t see that every year. And I think this is fairly unusually strong for infrastructure, but from wireless infrastructure -- so that combination is what created 18% growth. I would not for a second like you guys to cling believe that this is something we will sustain for the next five years. What we feel comfortable, we can sustain for the next five years is what we have said before, and we’ll continue to deliver, hopefully over the next 5 to 10 years, which is mid-single-digit growth on average year-after-year.
Hock Tan: Let me reiterate, please do not believe anything you read and we do not comment on any rumors and pure speculations in the headline, but we continue to focus on our franchise stable business model. We have a lot of free cash flow.
Hock Tan: Not in the quarter we just entered Q2, and no necessarily march in the July quarter Q3, but certainly we expect probably which is the generation and you're talking about for Intel launching Skylake. The early generation and storage will start to ramp up. You're right back half of this calendar year, really back half of this calendar year. 
Hock Tan: Wow, that's interesting and very confusing question. But let me try somewhat, and for the rest, I have to take it offline another time because there are a lot of moving parts. And you're correct, in our Wired segments we represent 60% of revenue we throw in the kitchen sink, no really, all related to Wired. That is actually a couple of chunks on broadband, which is broadband access, carrier access, as well as CPE set-top box. And in Q2, totally not that strong obviously, it starts ramping up seasonally Q3, Q4. So, there is that effect there is not that strong and year-on-year a year ago, a year ago result that was a Summer Olympics, so we’re comparing against the Summer Olympics, which will make is touch. And in Q3, Q4, that’s all Summer Olympics of last year should begin to look very good, which is what accelerate this in the second half. In switching and routing, no, we continue to feel very, very good whether it’s in ASIC or merchant silicon, off-take delivery shipment continue to hit all-time high in those two segments. I hope that gives you enough -- and then third thing that messes with up is, we’re building block products by fines, retirements, which are more unique to the designs that’s been used as well as fiber optic which has gone through very interesting direction and cycles, that means mess of the number. But the two broadest area, broadband compared with a year ago is on compared, because the Summer Olympics. But switching and routing, the SMA continues to be a very, very strong franchise whether it’s in form of an ASIC or in the form of merchant silicon. Even though there are both selling into very end market and users.
Hock Tan: Yes. You hit it right on. We do did launch ASICs that need to customize, deep learning chips for specific customers. We do that because we have all the IP in the hardware. I mean that’s keep in mind, I believe deep learning is very much as much a software play such more than the hardware play, but we are happy to enable therefore specific large customers in ASICs with customize hardware, which we use even right now and be training or in terms but we do that. Then on SSD controllers, yes, we do a huge amount of SSD controller relatively speaking across our follow, basically for enterprises only, not really enterprises, but all part and enterprise storage business. They are not part in our wide basis. That difference is being very well as you probably can get it to date.
Hock Tan: Good try, okay, let me give you our definition of franchise which is very open and try to ask, give me try to repeat the mantra. No, a franchise basically is a - we grew only components, semiconductor components. And it's just components broadly simply that it operates -- the product lines operate in the niche. Doesn't have to be mess market, most time it's a niche. And so niche where is the way that markets have been established and will likely continue to be established for the foreseeable future. So, we must have established end markets that are sustainable, one. And in that niche, in that market we are the market leader. And more than a market leader especially because we are -- the reason for us to be the market leader, we are the technology leader. We have to have the IT. We have to have the technology and the capability to continue to lead in that particular market. And the third, there is something financials about it. The financial is a fallout, a corollary fallout from those key criteria. And each of our 18 product lines meet those criteria, you made your own call whether NAND meets that criteria.
Hock Tan: It’s an -- that is learning product, we're doing for multiple customers today are all customized solutions, hardware solutions on outside. They’re not software-based solutions. We are -- it falls into our ASIC category. And we have all-time intellectual property all luckily hardware-based like SerDes, much more than SerDes memories, you name it all kind of stuff that goes into training and inferences on a deep learning chip. We have all that IP, but only doing hardware. We make no pretensions we’re trying to make it our full solution. So within ASIC solution and covers multiple customers and it probably covers multiple generations going forward. But it’s really simply an ASIC solution.
Hock Tan: I have no clue to be honest. Seriously, no -- it is -- our franchise here is the intellectual property, capability, we have of implementing silicon solutions that does deep learning. We produce as well have the IP implemented to do high performance computing or as we do now a lot of switching and routing. This we do in deep learning. And for us, deep learning is not seen necessarily as a franchise. It’s our ASIC capability that is a franchise.
Hock Tan: Remember, my definition of a sustainable franchise. We don’t talk investments, I mean contrary to myths out there. We are join every time, we quick public product line as our core product line as among the ’18. We invest as much as we have to maintain, it’s not lengthen our need. No different yet, we don’t say put at the generation of last year, or two years ago, or three years ago, we continue invest the lead that we direct review never closes. And that’s the key fund of our model. We will invest and given that your market leader in that niche, we can’t afford to out invest anyone out there. We’ve been in R&D for even better and as you know in totality, some of it packed up in cost of sales or product engineering as we bring it to production. The rest of it in R&D, we spend on product development in this company every year $3 billion and that something from CapEx, $3 billion. And we are very, very conscious of the fact that we have to maintain is not even increase that level of spending where we need to in specific areas to ensure that we are the leader both in technology which leads to market leader. So not that easy to narrow but leads is to in terms of coming to compete with us. 
Hock Tan: It's a very hard market to predict at this point, because there are a lot of multiple dynamics going on in terms of it's not just about Flash demand being an outreaching very high levels, which is driving everything else probably is but into that was probably late '16 early '17. Today I guess all this big all this increased prices in memory whether its DRAM flash is not hard drives as part of the DRAM and flash is leading to careful spending by enterprises and operators and cloud guys and datacenter. They're all been very careful. So suddenly you have demand that is there, that is needed but people are not spending. And you will have this stop and spot going on. So it's all very confusing it's all I'm trying to come to get on. And I'm not sure we have as much and embedded on we have any better visibility even our customers. Our customers have better visibility on their nerves for that manner. It's just very confusing and all we can see is that demand has strengthened out for our products be the SSDs or be the SSD flash control as I should clarify or be the components -- and -- for hard disk drive. All we see is that a quarter ago we are seeing but we got to be careful about Q3. Well, Q2 is -- and gone Q2 was good, Q3 continues to look good, but then on doing -- say Q4 in many case we don't, with strong booking Q4 but it may not be a strong and a big part of their uncertainty and lies in fact that they're more than just simply a shortage of flash or DRAM that's creating this uncertainty. I think it's much more than that, it's also the change in spending pattern even in a short term of datacenter guys, cloud guys and enterprises because of higher memory prices. 
Hock Tan: There are. There are as far as I can potentially describe is broadband carrier exchange are increasingly even set-top-box which includes set-top-box both CPE that is as well as central office are starting to spread Wi-Fi as another means. You have GPON, EPON, you have DSL, VDSL. Now, WiFi into the picture. So it’s all good and we are very, very well position in all this and going to generation. So, it is giving us more content to be put it this way at every access point which may help the growth. But it’s still not a big by the way as the phone by comparison the volume. But it’s a decent amount of volume and gives us a very sustainable franchise in this area.
