Hock E. Tan: Sure. We've seen pretty broad-based strength both from Avago classic as well as the newer product divisions from Broadcom classic. One clear example is the initial ramp of – you probably heard the announcement on data center switching, where our ASIC business are coming in and starting to see a ramp at certain cloud guys to a fairly large OEM, and this has been successful and things are moving along very nicely. And the funny thing is, while the ASIC ramp is happening, the existing products, which is using standard switch products from Broadcom classic, is also seeing a lot of strength, especially in this case from enterprise. The one thing across the board and carrying along (25:33) that, of course, are physical layer products and Ethernet switching, which all move in the same direction. So that's pretty much – it's enterprise logic, to answer your question. A couple of product ramps, but largely enterprise.
Hock E. Tan: To be specific also, Ross, if I could expand on what Tony is saying, for the rest of this fiscal year, nine more months to go, we see barely one-third of that $750 million we projected on an end state as synergies to even come in, less than one-third to come in. And in the first quarter, which is this current Q2, it's barely a fraction of that one-third.
Hock E. Tan: Okay, well, there's a lot of traction. The trend is definitely accelerating and in no small degree is pushing what we are seeing here and what I articulated in my remarks, very, very good traction of 25-gig at hyper-data center guys and even some enterprise guys who are building data centers of their own. That's what's driving a lot of strength also in the Broadcom classic business and even the ASIC business of Avago classic. It's 25-gig. And it drives not just only switching, which is what you mentioned here with Tomahawk. It also drives to a large degree the associated product related to Ethernet, though that's still early, but definitely physical layer products, which is a big chunk of Broadcom classic wired segment as well. So all of this is tending to pull it all along connectivity solutions.
Hock E. Tan: Nothing, we don't think about those things. We don't dream about those things. We just put our head down and keep grinding away.
Hock E. Tan: I said that in remarks in previous earnings calls, and so this is a bit of a – this is to reiterate or reaffirm what I said earlier before, which is typically year after year each generation we increase our content in this very high-end smartphone market, in excess of 20% content every year, regardless of unit increases. And we all know the units of phones in this very high-end top of the pyramid smartphones is maybe 20%, maybe 15% – 20% of that entire market made by a few key branded manufacturers, and we are very well positioned there. And our growth rate is not about unit growth. It's about content. And if this continues the same trend, if the content keeps growing over 20% a year, this coming generation, and the back half of this fiscal and calendar year remains very much on track to follow that same trend.
Hock E. Tan: Our first priority, and if Tony doesn't mind me opening my mouth (33:29), otherwise he will chime in and say what are you talking about? The first priority is we pay down debt, absolutely. Second priority is and simultaneous to it is evidenced by increasing our dividends. If we are confident about cash flow generation, which we are, we return excess cash we consider more than what we need to operate this company, even as it scales up, to shareholders, and evidenced by increasing dividends. And right now we're not doing much M&A. it would be furthest from our minds at this point.
Hock E. Tan: No, we definitely highlight it. It's definitely not in discontinued ops, obviously. And we believe it is a sustainable franchise is how we would classify this business. It is one of our sustainable franchises, as is FBAR. And evolution of the technology of next-generation Wi-Fi in particular keeps coming in, improvement of performance issues of coexistence within Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and now cellular band, it's a major, major issue that Broadcom classic are very good at addressing. And as we especially start going to 5G Wi-Fi next-generation, and that is already starting to happen, and we start seeing those high-end smartphones run multiple channels simultaneously, we start to see that our expertise, our unique technology in FBAR would actually come to bear in even improving Wi-Fi modules that can surpass performance of anything else in the marketplace to date. So that to us is a very, very complementary product line to our cellular FBAR business. So no, it's a sustainable franchise.
Hock E. Tan: There are two parts to the broadband business. Good question on your side. One is a large part of it is mainly CPE, relates to set-top box in particular. For us though, there's some over-the-top stuff like Roku, which we participate in too, but truly set-top box is the primary chunk. So there's one chunk of it on our broadband. And the other chunk of it is what I call carrier access, which is really gateways, infrastructure gateways, which are the DSLs and the GPON mostly. And then there's the set-top box. The set-top box business is – my favorite line again, a sustainable franchise. We are very well positioned. We have great technology, tie a lot of it to the fact that we have all the bits and pieces of technology, including DOCSIS 3.1. We're the only guy, the first and only guy certified in it. But we also have all the technology that integrates in one chip a digital solution. But we are not the only ones. But as somebody said, with the exit of STMicro, it even perhaps strengthens our market position and indicates how difficult this business is. But having said that, the client side set-top box, including satellite, is not something that we foresee any dramatic growth. But we do foresee stable sustainable levels, which is a big chunk of our business. Now on the carrier access, which is gateways, infrastructure gateways, that's very exciting on growth. We see alt-evolution in new-generation 2.5G and even GPON going to 10G, applying same to us across DSL. All that is happening, and that requires new capability to generate new generation of products, which we have in ample supply. Broadcom classic, those guys are phenomenal. They're there, and they always generate products better, faster than anybody else, and we're doing it here too. And that business as emerging countries and even developed countries like regions like Europe upgrade their infrastructure towards more broadband capacity and connectivity, they're going for 10G now, and we're seeing an initial ramp to it. It's pretty cool. And we see it varies a lot of strength to it. And here comes the other complementarity to our Avago classic business. We also sell the lasers, the optics that go hand in hand with many of this carrier access stuff.
Hock E. Tan: Yes. To answer your question, and I did a passing reference to that in my opening remarks. Our fab today, eight-inch – half of it is eight-inch now, by the way, converted, and we continue to gradually convert it. It's full, virtually full. We are rebuilding products for FBAR filters in particular, for the expected ramp of our North American customer. We are. And so it's pretty full. And frankly, because of that, we do sell to other customers, but we obviously have a commitment, a very clear commitment to be sure that we continue to support this North American customer. And that's always very important, not least of which they're the ones who drive the most interesting content within their phones.
Hock E. Tan: They're not the same, actually. That's why I made a point to say it earlier. They co-exist – because I'll tell you this. We go to customers, and we love our customers. So we go to these OEM customers. And we basically – our ASSP switch, for instance, our router, it's a full turnkey solution. It's not just a piece of silicon. It needs to be architected in a certain way for us, and it has all the software specs that ties to it, so it's a full turnkey solution that can support a customer. As opposed to that, all our ASIC business does is my customer has to architect the switch. They have to then – basically all they're buying from us is a piece of silicon. They even do some of the front end RTL sometimes, and we do the back end. And we do the supply chain, of course. By the end of the day, all the software, we don't do; they provide it. Our ASIC business has zero software. So what we sell is a piece of silicon, finished no doubt, but there's no – all it is is hardware, no software. So what we really are offering this thing and we sell both to the same customer very often, it's really up to the customer. Some customers look at it and say, I want to invest a lot of software, invest in architecture, and just buy the ASIC from us. And they spend a lot of operating spend, R&D to do that. Or they invest much less, very little; they build a box and they buy a turnkey SOC with software from standard switching. So to the customer, it's not competition. It is two business model alternatives, one where they spend less R&D, OpEx, and maybe get time to market faster with a completed solution quickly. Or two, they spend the R&D, architect it, write the software, and go, often enough, later to market and basically try to put the secret sauce on their own, which they are at liberty to do, and we will support the customer on both models. To us and to them, it's a business model choice rather than competition.
Hock E. Tan: Well, what we have done, as you gather from the way we talked about discontinued businesses versus continuing operations, we have identified the core businesses that are extremely, extremely sustainable, key criteria, but also where Broadcom classic has extremely strong positions and continue to lead by technology leadership, which we encourage them to keep investing. And that's what we are like; we're very focused. So we identify a bunch of these businesses and we put a general manager in charge of each of those businesses who are responsible for their own entire P&L except support functions on SG&A. Otherwise, they're responsible for product development, positioning their products, marketing their products, and developing their product. And each of them run by a management team under a general manager reporting directly to me, and they have specific targets and goals. And the biggest overwhelming goal for each of them is sustain their leadership, and that comes in two parts, market leadership and technology leadership. So we let them invest as much as they need to sustain it, but we want them to be very focused on continuing to be very strong in the markets they are in, in the narrow markets they are in, so we define that very clearly with them, each other, and we continue that way. And so anything that is not those core businesses is what we really call discontinued operations. We do not go to look at adjacent markets. We do not go shooting up into the stars and send people to Mars or stuff like that. No, we don't do that. We focus on the core business, and the key thing is sustainability and being a technology leader. And we have identified a bunch of them as we have in Avago classic. You just add it all together and we have a fairly flat organization, each business run by a management team with their own general manager and a set of goals.
Hock E. Tan: To answer your question, it's more than just one business that we put into non-core apparently, not necessarily from wireless. But really the truth is for obvious reasons, we really prefer and not at liberty to divulge more details because we are running a process.
Anthony E. Maslowski: No, no – so, Ross, the thing you're not putting in there is that we have about an $80 million reduction, if you look at those expense numbers I gave you, for discontinued ops. You have to pull that out because remember, we never counted that in what we thought was the synergies we're going after. The synergies we talked about was pure synergies, and then anything from discontinued ops was going to be added on top of that.
Anthony E. Maslowski: Sure. The trajectory, like you said, is pretty bowl shaped. So we get some immediate things in Q2 and Q3. We get a little bit of slowdown as we enter into the conversion that we're trying to pull off in Q1 – Q2. And then you see the rest of it come through in late Q1 – Q2, some in Q3, to equal the 18 months.
Anthony E. Maslowski: Like I said, this is our initial cut of the businesses as of close. So we're going to go aggressively and try to find buyers. And like I said, we go into our other modes of either harvesting or complete shutdown. It does not preclude us from adding businesses to the list as we go forward. So again, this is just part of the standard operating procedure around here, but this is the day-one list we're chasing.
Anthony E. Maslowski: So it's a two-part question. First off, on the asset sale, part of that was in Q1. So it's a tough compare to say exactly what it is from Q1 to Q2, but it was fairly insignificant, I would just say that, for the overall company. And as I outlined in my final statement was the disc-ops portion of Broadcom assets is sub-$300 million. So you can do the math on that for the full year and you're talking about $80 million-ish, $80 million or less.
Anthony E. Maslowski: Like I said, it's probably $80 million, and then you can do the math and that's what we have as savings. And like Hock said, it's still just the tip of the iceberg of the synergy.
Anthony E. Maslowski: Specifically, in Q2 here, there's very little COGS in there. If any, we'd get something late in the quarter. And I think you'd see more material COGS changes in the second half, and I think that's the way it will work on COGS. If you took COGS as its own line, it's probably going to implement itself in the middle of those six quarters roughly, but very little into Q2 right now.
Anthony E. Maslowski: Again, not much has changed on cash flow of the Broadcom business. So remember, about 70% of it is semi-trapped, meaning that it can't be used for probably general purposes, but we can use it for debt purposes on a worldwide basis. The other 30% is similar to the Avago cash flow, which is untrapped, and the Avago portion remains untrapped. So you're right, we could probably take on bigger goals around the debt and so forth. But for right now we'll just post that on a quarterly basis to you what we're planning to pay off. And I think you can see that if we hit our goals on synergies and everything else, we'll quickly get back down to an EBITDA ratio of less than two times probably within a year or so if we execute on our synergies and so forth. So we're not too concerned about the debt we took on. And we took on debt at a lower ratio than we did even on the LSI time.
