Hock Tan: Thank you, Bea, and thank you everyone for joining us today. So we had a good start to fiscal 2019, growing 9% in our first fiscal quarter compared to the same period a year ago. The strength of our business model delivered another quarter of sustained revenues, strong earnings and an extremely strong free cash flow. Our semiconductor business helped us relatively well. Not surprisingly, our wireless business was down sharply and our storage business underperformed somewhat. However, these challenges were mitigated -- more than mitigated by our networking business, which grew double digits year-over-year. In addition, we were very pleased to see that the broadband business has started to recover and stabilize in the quarter. In fact, putting it all together, the semiconductor segment was actually up year-over-year in the first quarter, if you exclude the expected sharp decline in wireless. Turning to infrastructure. This business which includes SAN switching, mainframe and enterprise software delivered solid top line results, benefiting from a very robust enterprise spending environment. The integration of CA onto the Broadcom platform is very well underway and we are confident that we can meet, if not, exceed in the long term -- exceed the long-term revenue and profitability target that we laid out for CA to you last year. In fact, renewals in our CA business have been strong this past quarter and we believe the dollar commitments from our core customers will continue to grow. Many of our peers have commented that they are seeing a softening demand environment, especially out of China. While we are experiencing the same demand dynamics, we have factored in much of this macroeconomic backdrop when we provided fiscal 2019 guidance last quarter. As a result, after a solid start to the year, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2019 revenue guidance of $24.5 billion. Having said that, we expect our semiconductor business to bottom in the second fiscal quarter, driven almost entirely by the seasonal drop in wireless. But looking to the second half, we are confident that semiconductor business will resume very meaningful growth. This will be driven by strong product cycles in both wireless and networking, coupled with a recovery in broadband. Infrastructure software, on the other hand, is expected to sustain throughout the year. So in summary, our diversification strategy is working and we are effectively managing the decline in wireless as well as in the broader semiconductor industry headwinds. Now, let me turn over to Tom to provide you with more color in Q1.
Hock Tan: Very good question, Harlan. And that listening to you, you really got me going. Yes, in networking and it's broader than just data centers. But let's talk data centers. Tomahawk 3 which is the 12.8 terabit top of the rack switch has just barely started production shipments. In fact we do expect -- we are fully expecting the ramp of Tomahawk 3 as part of the broader data center scale-out with 400 gig pipes in the connect so to speak to really start just about right now. In fact, our Q2 -- fiscal Q2 and progressing up to the rest of the end of the year as more and more on the names you were mentioning type of cloud [jumps in] [ph] and expand -- and upgrade into data centers and simply because as you know expanding the capacity of data centers and pipes is the simplest way to decongest to minimize or mitigate congestion control in these huge data centers, in this large cloud tech. So there's a broad refreshing and upgrading of data centers among these cloud guys. One area as mentioned Tomahawk 3 shipping, which is just starting this quarter in significant volumes. What's also not so perhaps obvious, but is very real for us, is the fact that in order to run 400 gigabit per second throughput pipes, you need interconnect, fiber optic interconnect that are built and dedicated in that area. That's very high-tech products which we are very deeply engaged in. And that brings the content by a multiple sector in this data center realm. And then as you expand the top of the rack switch I can't resist saying you have to -- you need to connect data center to data center what is called DCI interconnectivity. And the approach that is being taken, which we are also very engaged in with multiple OEMs who are supporting the cloud guys is obviously coherent, coherent fiber optic connection at 400 gig. And we believe, we are very much in the lead on that area as well. So these are product lives of product cycles we are seeing that are continuing their impetus of double-digit growth in networking. And it extends more than that. In routing, we are going to be launching and ramping our new generation router Jericho 2, probably in Q3 of our fiscal year. And that's going into Edge routing, call routing among the service providers especially the telecom guys. And we're starting to see the preparation in that happening. So yes, we feel very good about networking and the ability to sustain the level of growth we have been seeing.
Hock Tan: Sure. Sure. Ross. Yes. In broadband happy to say finally, the thing recovered. And a big part of driving the recovery is cable modem video delivery, DOCSIS as they call it 3.1. We've seen implementations across multiple carriers, service providers of DOCSIS 3.1, so that's very good. What we're also seeing of course is in gateway access, which is a big part of broadband. Among many carriers too is the newer generation of DSL, digital subscriber line as they need to expand capacity and throughput and go through -- what they're calling the next-generation G.fast or 35b and we're seeing a lot of that in Europe, some in North American carriers. But what's also equally interesting is as they go to the last mile into households, what we're also seeing is adoption of wireless connectivity or what we all call Wi-Fi. And what we're seeing now is as we see this wired gateways, whether it's cable modem DOCSIS 3.1 or digital subscriber line, we are seeing -- especially in the back half of the year enterprises and more and more service providers, telecoms, start to attach the next-generation Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi 6 on to those gateways. And in Wi-Fi 6 I'm very, very pleased to note that we are very much in the lead in having developed and productized a whole suite of products that perfectly address towards those enterprise and service providers. And that -- but most of that will be only shipping we believe in the second half of the year, but fiscal and both calendar. And we're looking forward to seeing that happen, but it's a very nice product cycle that will basically push the recovery of our broadband business.
Hock Tan: I probably know as much as you do seriously in terms of what's available -- publicly available and what's -- and the concerns and the issues overhanging broadly Chinese sponsor, China and specific high-tech companies like Huawei from China. They're a good customer and they buy products which obviously helps their products in a competitive in the global export market and I hope they continue to do so. But certainly, the overhand of that is something that we are closely monitoring and are very concerned about. But as far as specific things you're mentioning, I'm not able to basically comment on it simply because I don't know.
Hock Tan: Somehow I knew this was going to come up somehow someway someplace. I truly know if you did that. Yes, I know. It's actually not that because that product cycle in wireless is -- in all our views this is mine very predictable. And we will see that happen in our Q3 fiscal Q3-Q4 of this fiscal 2019. It will. We're already starting production in our wait of that, which has longer product cycle on FBAR and some of our products. And we will see for one of better one because it's so seasonal, and it's very significant a shop bounce-back, which -- it's to mind our confidence that our full year guidance is something that's going to happen, very simple. And that in the second half we'll see that meaningful -- you correctly pointed out somewhat double-digit growth in the semiconductor segment of our business. As I mentioned in answer to earlier questions, data center especially now networking, we have a whole slew of new product cycles will generate a big part of that double-digit growth. So will in our view wireless. I'd say that's happening fast. In this particular year perhaps the difference between this coming year 2019 versus 2018 is simply to do two things. One, is we're probably going to get better share. I've mentioned that before. And secondly, content increase. It always happens year-after-year as I mention. Example in Wi-Fi, you'll see Wi-Fi 6. Wi-Fi 6 is not just in enterprise and access gateways in service providers. We are seeing Wi-Fi 6, the new generation, 802.11ax in handsets and that drives -- I call it strong content increase as the increase amount of bands in the ad bar that we constantly see as basically wireless continue to proliferate in various areas of the world continues to expand the amount of bands content in this next-generation phone. So all that is going to drive a bounce back with perhaps increased content for our products. As far as volume is concerned, yes like you I will probably be as uncertain as you are, how much the volume would be? But regardless it's -- there's a lot of mitigating factors and the biggest part of it is pure content increase.
Hock Tan: Ed, we love all your comments, but I want to be played down very straight down the center simply. We'd see a rebound. My view is a normal rebound and it's a normal rebound. And while content increases, it's not really over the top that -- by that much either. But don't forget comparing it against last year, it's relatively an easier compare.  So, we do see -- we definitely see a rebound and this will be a good rebound, but it's not -- and it will not be an extraordinary rebound. Just want to emphasize that. Just your normal rebound. It's not hard to compare year-on-year against last year versus second half fiscal 2019. The fact that, that will be a main improvement.
Hock Tan: Good question. No surprise. Across the regions, as far as I can sense, China is the weakest. We all see that. We all know that. And I'm talking domestic demand products and view our product shipped to the -- ship to those regions used in that region indigenously. And it's the weakest region. It also had collateral impact we see to some extent on certain sectors in Japan and certain sectors in Europe, less so in the U.S. But broadly -- so China has an impact beyond just the region in South China. It also impacts to a couple of other regions. But North America continues to be quite decent and that's what helps us mitigate this overall macroeconomic saturation.
