Hock Tan: [laughter] No, there’s no connection really with the snap back in the October quarter, between these product transitions. Remember, a product transition is from an older product, existing generation product, which is tailing off, and a total new ramp in Q4. So there’s no connection in that regard. With respect to the support devices for the Qualcomm 28 nanometers, 8000 series baseband, yeah, there is probably some connection to the extent that we missed it this quarter. It will likely pop up next quarter. 
Hock Tan: Well, to start with, we never focus on market share as a company. And number two, if I add up what every competitor says, everybody probably has in total more than 100% share in this market. But to answer your question, we really don’t want to comment on market share at all. I’ll stick to my comments, which is we’re now in the midst of positioning ourselves and preparing ourselves as we go through a major product transition in a major OEM this quarter and the Q3 quarter, because we fully are planning for a fairly substantial product ramp of our business in wireless next quarter. 
Hock Tan: Well, I think the way I answered Ross was we’d probably get more than that. And the reason is you look at it as two separate events. One is for the constraints on the baseband. One that is missed out this quarter will reappear, likely, next quarter. If not in whole, at least in part. On the constraint of baseband to support it. With respect to product transition, the other issue, that’s a separate issue. That one relates to two events. One event is existing product that is heading down, that is declining because of product lifecycle, and a new product that will be ramping only next quarter. In between, that’s the other aspect of the product transition that we’re talking about. And that will be translated to numbers. The number impact I mentioned of $10-15 million for that product transition third quarter has necessarily no connection to what would be ramping up next quarter at all. 
Hock Tan: Well, outside of wireless, we’re talking industrial, and industrial has been, as I mentioned, since March of this quarter, has been from a flat position. Demand has been steadily climbing. That’s, in fact, in a lot of my remarks that has been the major point I have been making in this commentary here, which is it is industrial, a sharp industrial recovery out of Asia, that is driving, for this quarter especially, and part of last quarter, a big part of our revenue growth.
Hock Tan: Let me answer your second question first. There is no cross license between us and Taiyo Yuden, and other than that I have no comment to make on the claims Taiyo Yuden may have made in their press releases. 
Hock Tan: Well, I don’t know. That’s pretty presumptuous, how many players you say there would be. As far as we’re concerned in FBAR, there’s really only one major player, and that’s us. 
Hock Tan: Okay, to answer that question, it’s hard to break it down between developed and developing, and it’s not because we don’t have the simple, raw data, or whether we sell the products into Europe or U.S., versus selling into China, say.  We have that data, but it doesn’t tell the whole story, because a lot of the large, multinational industrial OEMs we sell our products to in Europe or Japan or U.S. re-export their systems, their equipment, into China, into these emerging countries. So the end demand really comes a lot from China too. And splitting the two up makes less sense, but I would tell you this, the big driver in growth that we see here is out of China right now, directly or indirectly. We believe it’s out of China.  And the second part of your question is this end demand alluded to by Doug in his comments about distributors, resales, and all that. We’re measuring purely resales. There are some large OEMs we sell direct, and others we go through distributors, but we are measuring the strength coming from resale of products to end customers, from distributors or directly to OEM customers. 
Hock Tan: Well, it’s less than 5% of our revenues today, and over time instead of a stream of revenues from product sales, it will become a stream of royalties. So obviously the revenue will be smaller, simply because it’s royalty revenues, and this will take effect from basically our fiscal Q4. 
Hock Tan: To answer your question more generically than anything else, because I can’t really tell you anything beyond one generation at a time in terms of specific design wins. But if you look at it from a trend point of view, smartphones going from 3G to 4G, and having to support all these bands, all those major bands going around, we expect our content in those smartphones to continue to stably increase.  Quarter on quarter, depending on mix of individual accounts and the phones we support in those individual accounts, and the content we have, that might somewhat move around, but on a trended basis, it’s steadily going up, simply because there’s more content of both duplexes and power amplifiers.  But from a duplex point of view, you cannot integrate duplexes. So every new band requires one duplex. So duplex will linearly scale up volume-wise as more bands are supported by any cellphone. Power amplifiers do get integrated and may not scale up equally. But we do both expect content to increase from both sides, except we expect FBAR to increase faster, from our perspective, than power amplifiers. 
Hock Tan: On wireless infrastructure investment, to be honest, I don’t know. It’s always been very lumpy, or spotty is the best way to describe it. And we see that constantly. Carrier spending, service provider spending, has always been very hard to predict. So I would not attempt to make any try at it. Having said that, our percentage of revenue going into wireless infrastructure as we have indicated before and mentioned earlier, it’s a pretty small percentage of overall revenues. So the impact on that, while positive for us, if there’s any growth, it’s not that major in this specific area of wireless infrastructure. 
Hock Tan: Most of our wired infrastructure revenue derives a lot - not totally - from enterprise networking and computing. Less so on telco. The only area we do have some exposure to is really in the space of edge and core routing for our very specific, unique, high-bandwidth fiber interconnects. Outside of that, we don’t do much in transport, or data transport, in telco basically. We’re mainly focused on enterprise. 
Hock Tan: I don’t think there’s really any major impact, at least not in the short term, that we can discern. Not really in the longer term either, frankly. Because I think the demand for FBAR, as used in duplexes and smartphones, has rapidly increased over the last few years, pretty rapidly, which is part of the impetus for pushing this settlement resolution. Basically, the demand for FBAR is pretty good right now. 
Hock Tan: The key measure, when I talked about a sharp recovery in the industrial market in China, Asia-Pacific, is that we are seeing end demand resale from our distributors out to their end customers really accelerating at a fairly rapid pace. So obviously, distributor inventory has come down pretty sharply since then.  Now, part of the reason for that sharp uptick would be that the Chinese companies have, during the industrial downturn in 2011, starting from early 2011 onto the rest of 2011, have brought down the level inventory they were holding in the OEMs, not distributors, in the OEMs, fairly sharply. So no surprise, typically, that they would be the first to bounce back on any increase in industrial infrastructure demand.  The larger OEMs, multinational OEMs, I would say, as I indicated in my remarks, tend to have a much longer supply chain, and would therefore lag behind those indigenous Chinese companies who probably are showing what I call the early indicators of a recovery in industrial demand over there. 
Hock Tan: You know, I don’t want to give you guys the wrong expectation, because if I tell you $5-6 phones, yeah, it’s real. It’s also hyping. Because nobody is necessarily buying all $5-6 from one guy of the content for any one phone necessarily. So you know, by the time they split up the business, like for some of the components, I can be differentiated. So to give it to my competitor. So it may end up $4, and that might be a more realistic picture. But theoretically, an LTE phone, roaming, world phone, could have that level of content, $6-8. Ian Ing – Lazard Capital Markets: But not in the near term, more like over time it sounds like. 
Hock Tan: It can be in the near term if there are OEMs who build phones that are able to roam in multiple geographies over multiple bands. Multimode, multiband phones is the term they use for it. Yes, it could reach that content right now, theoretically. 
Hock Tan: It will improve it. That’s a given. But we’re not taking a lot of it. Most of our capex investment - I want to add on to what Doug was saying - is really in FBAR. As Doug was saying, we have more FBAR demand now than currently have capacity, which is why we’re making all this big, substantial, accelerated investments to up our capacity and process in FBAR. We did, also, earlier on, make some investment in gallium arsenide capacity, but that’s only a relatively small percentage of our overall demand. Much of our demand is still outsourced for gallium arsenide. 
Hock Tan: Yeah, it’s continuing to grow, but as I always say, in wired infrastructure, on enterprise, it’s a steady Eddie. Our enterprise networking and computing business, as I said, is still growing, but at a more subdued, moderate rate than it had been a year ago or the last few years. And part of it, I suspect, is what we hear about a conservative demand environment in enterprise spending. That may lead to that. But we’re continuing to grow, and part of it is because we’re continuing to gain some share in data center switching.
Hock Tan: No, we haven’t changed our long term business model. If you look back over the last two years, we’ve grown 30% a year roughly in this business. What we’re seeing now, I think, is a somewhat, I hope, near term change in thinking, where enterprise seems to have held back somewhat on spending. But over the longer term, given bandwidth requirements - and you heard that story all over - we still see a lot of demand. And the best indicator of it is the fact that design wins are, in this area, at an all-time high. So there’s a lot of designs going on for new next-generation products which we’ll always [unintelligible]. 
Hock Tan: To give you - and if you can forgive me for that, because we are in this huge forum - and I’ll be happy to do it separately on a different occasion - but really what we do see is with LTE coming in, the phones have to be 3G and 2G, 2.5G compatible as well. So the number of bands you’re including in those world phones will get over 10, very fast. Over 10, if you want to have a world phone that roams in multiple continents, easily over 10, which puts in a lot of content.  And in terms of FBAR, you’re right, CDMA uses FBAR. Band two uses FBAR in 3G, and in LTE more and more of those bands in LTE are using FBAR for no other reason than some of these bands may be difficult, like band two for signal reception. That’s why you need FBAR for better performance.  But as you also have more and more bands crowded on the antenna on the phone, they start to interfere with each other. The issue of what we call coexistence. And when you have coexistence problems for reception, the way to solve it is to put in an FBAR filter. And that’s it. Just like you hear about this harbinger issue with [LightSquared]. A way to solve it, simple, simplistic-minded, is put in an FBAR filter. You immediately solve it. Of course, there’s a lot of legacy equipment that you have to go retrofit, which makes it impractical, but for new equipment, put in an FBAR, and you literally solve that problem. 
Hock Tan: Some OEMs decide to run the phones where they do a phone for a particular local market or regional market. So they don’t need to make all their bands into one phone. There are some who put all the bands into a common phone so that it uses a single platform. 
Hock Tan: To answer the first part of your question, I really don’t comment on my competitors’ offerings. Nor do we talk much about market share, if you’ve noticed. My competitors, I’m sure, do talk about their business model. That’s their prerogative. We choose not to talk about it. We do have competitive offerings and that probably is as far as I would go. We do have very competitive offerings.  As far as FBAR is concerned, there is increasing demand for FBAR. And a big part of it, as I mentioned, is not just new bands that are difficult for signal modulation to transmit, and because of that require FBAR versus SAW. I think that may happen. Less of an issue as much as the bigger issue. And you can see that in Europe in band 7, band 20, where it is an FBAR kind of requirement for that band.  But more than that, as you’re putting LTE and still have to run 3G and 2G, you basically have so many signals of various types going through your phone, you have, as I mentioned again, the issue of interference or coexistence. And once you have that, the easiest way, the best way to solve that is to start putting in more and more FBAR.  And that’s basically the bottom line to it, not to mention ancillary benefits that FBAR stands to bring to the equations. I know they don’t cost less, but it brings typically much lower power, and very often much smaller dimension, which, in cellphones that are getting very, very crowded with other content, becomes extremely important. So there are multiple reasons why FBAR gets used, size and other things. 
Hock Tan: I don’t know if I’m getting my fair share of those slots, because I don’t go around checking my market share, as I said before. So don’t know about the fair share, but we have pretty good PAs out there. Very, very good PAs. 
Doug Bettinger: The way to think about it is really the variability is in kind of our bonus program. It varies depending on our outlook for the fiscal year. We kind of get paid on fiscal year attainment of certain financial metrics, and so assuming I’m estimating that accurately right now, it shouldn’t swing all over the place as we go forward into Q4.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, it is incremental capacity. And it is primarily focused in the wireless business, both FBAR as well as [unintelligible]. 
Doug Bettinger: The agreement’s confidential, so we can’t be more specific than what Hock already said. Sorry about that. 
Doug Bettinger: I’m not going to guide Q4 gross margin for you right now, but I think I’ve told you before that the wireless gross margin of that business in total is a little bit below the corporate average. So if that gets to be a bigger percentage, everything else equal, gross margins will pull back ever so slightly. Understand though, what you also have going on here is what we see as a recovery in industrial, which is very good profit margin. So not giving you the complete story on Q4 yet, because I’m not quite sure, those things could offset one another. 
Doug Bettinger: We’re not going to make the revenue growth. We try to grow 10-12% a year every year. We’re obviously not going to get there. The rest of the metrics, I think we’ll be right in the ranges on. 
Doug Bettinger: In terms of the R&D investment, yeah, it probably is, Brendan. The one comment I made a little bit earlier, I forget who asked the question, about the variability due to the variable bonus accruals, that can move things up or down depending on how our prognosis for the rest of the year looks. But assuming that doesn’t change, it’s kind of the level you should expect us to be at for the near term. 
Doug Bettinger: No, it will be flattish, I think, in dollar terms, and our inventory model is 60-70 days of inventory. And I’m not changing that, so we’re at the higher end. And we did it for the reasons I outlined in my prepared remarks. 
Doug Bettinger: Litigation expenses are stepping down in the number that I gave you. You know, I’ve never specifically disclosed the quantum that we were spending on litigation, but I’ll tell you, we weren’t spending anywhere near the level of the number that Triquint was talking about. So don’t have that in your mind. But it is stepping down a little bit. 
Doug Bettinger: You know, right now you have design wins line of sight in terms of the weeks that things are going to ship. Don’t necessarily know how Q4 is going to track. But we have enough visibility into the design wins to know the revenue ramp is going to be pretty steep and Q4 is going to be very strong for wireless. 
Doug Bettinger: I’ll answer the latter question first, Ed. It’s a combination of both. And it’s line of sight design wins that we’re building this for. Your first question, I’m really not changing any color on the wireless gross margin guidance. It’s holding in fairly consistently. 
