Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, Edwards is poised for solid growth in 2015. Our foundation of leadership and our commitment to transform patient care with innovative therapies remain the source of our strength. Our exciting product pipeline positions us well for continued long-term success and greater shareholder value. With that, I’ll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, Brooks. Broadly even though we think replacement mitral valve will be a very important offering for mitral patients, we don't think that a single offering is going to be satisfactory for all these patients. We think it's going to take a toolkit, if you will, that will be some replacement products and some repair products and we are pretty aggressive investors to have multiple programs going. We're really only sharing some of the particulars of our Fortis program at this time. But we just wanted to alert you to the fact that we have other programs in the work and that we’re focused on being a leader in the transcatheter mitral space.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks Brooks. We are still early on -- in the launch. I don’t know how far along we’re. I might say that we’ve trained roughly half of the sites that are expected to qualify, but even though those early sites are not really performing at high volume yet. It’s been a pretty deliberate scale up, if you will. Big picture we think it’s a very attractive opportunity. We projected that it will be a $300 million to $400 market in 2019. So that will build over time, but it’s our first share was a slow build and even a little bit below our expectations.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So broadly although we experience a lot of success and you can see our growth rate, OUS particularly driven by Europe. So we’ve got very strong growth and probably gained share in a substantial way year-over-year. But if you make a comparison to the prior quarter, there would be a slight loss and this was spread across. We have a number of competitors at this point. This is really spread across competitors, not really concentrated with one competitor or in one country.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We haven’t predicted this really well so far, Raj. This has been exceeding our expectations. I mean, we’ve been very vocal that there is a lot of patients on the side line that are underdiagnosed and untreated. And it seems maybe it coincides a bit with the introduction of SAPIEN, but the confidence of physicians is growing, the awareness of physicians and patients is growing. And I think the safety profile have been attractive. So it's continuing to lift as evidence builds. I don’t know exactly where we’re on this journey. You’ve seen the penetration numbers Raj from others about how far it is and its still at pretty light levels at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks Larry. I think I know what's behind your question. Yes, they were pretty similar, but you’ve to remember that we still have significant clinical sales in the third quarter and almost none, no clinical sales in the fourth quarter. So there was quite a difference. There probably was a little bit of a bolus of 29 millimeter demand also in the third quarter. I think that was somewhat muted by comparison in the fourth. I think the biggest difference is clinical sales. We still feel good about our momentum and our share.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I don’t know about the specifics, Larry. I’m not sure, I ran the numbers the same way, but broadly I think your point is a correct one. Our growth rate is higher in the first half of the year where the -- broadly the reported sales are going to be of course be impacted by foreign exchange. But separate from that; remember we had a big step up in sales in the back half of the year. So the comparisons are pretty dramatically different in the back half and the front half, and so the growth rate will also moderate on that basis.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean, we still think we have a growing market Jason, and that's the biggest thing and so that will step up. At the same time, we expect competition to be intensifying. We know our competitors are going to be coming with a new product as well. So that will happen at the same time. But having said that, we got a lot of confidence in the performance of SAPIEN XT. I think it’s proven to be a very popular valve in the United States. So we’ve tried to reflect all that's in our guidance and I think that's fair, but hopefully that gives you a little bit of color.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Jason. Yes, you’re right. We are clearly assuming that SAPIEN 3 doesn’t come till 2016. Of course it would help us to come early. We think it would be very popular with our customers. But we also -- you have to remember we’re already and what we think is quite an advantage share position and so I don’t know that immediately will drive market growth. So really to see it have appreciable impact on our performance, you’d have to think that it has appreciable impact and share even beyond where we’re today. So I’d just caution us not to get ahead of ourselves on that one. Its something we’d love to make happen and we’re working on, but I don’t think it changes everything.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I’m not expecting that there is going to be much at all at the ACC meeting, that’s coming up. I’d expect that it would be more likely that there would be presentations at the Euro PCR meeting, in May, probably an update on those patients and some of that.
Michael A. Mussallem: I could jump in and Scott can supplement David. Yes, we generated more sales in the fourth quarter than we were expected and particularly Europe is performing even at a higher level than we expected. And we expect some of that performance to continue on in to 2015 and that really provides an additional lift from what we anticipated when we gave our guidance at the investor conference.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, David. Yes, now we try to stay very open minded. We have a team that’s specifically charged with keeping track of and staying close to what's happening on the outside, and this is a -- it is a very active space right now. So there are a number of companies with mitral valve alternatives and we try and stay close to them. In the final analysis we just want to be the leader. We’re really committed to being the leader in transcatheter mitrals, and we would be willing to do something outside the company. Even though we’re aggressive investors inside, that doesn’t preclude the opportunity for us to do something externally. One of the things that we’ve learned over time is, it makes us a better acquirer as well if we were to go that direction by having all the experience that we’d have by having our own internal program. So, we learned a lot in the process. But it’s a little early to say what the winning hand is going to be, but its one that we’re very focused on.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Rick. Yes, good question. We’re trying to understand that better ourselves. As physicians in the U.S. gain experience and they better understand the risk factors that are not accounted for in risk or we think that they’re starting to view some of this a little bit different. We’re clearly seeing patients come off the slide lines, and it’s really not coming from our -- from surgical patients. We’re a market leading surgical valve company in Europe, and we saw very nice unit gains I think in mid-single digits coming out of Europe in the quarter. So, that’s really that’s where it comes from. So, it remains to be seen. We watch the contemporary data sets very carefully. They continue to show an average age above 80 years old and these patients just have a number of serious risk factors. So, those patients are out there Rick, we’re still getting a better handle, but that helps a little to add some color.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think that’s pretty good. The royalty is pretty close, and I think the de-stocking is also similar. It’s not a big number.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we have a tough time projecting that, Bruce. I hesitate to take a shot at it. I mean the market grew very fast in the U.S. in 2014 certainly well in excess of 50%. And so, we certainly expect it to slow some in 2015, but I’m just [technical difficulty].
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, so the -- we’ve got this trial going in our partner too that evaluates intermediate risk patients, and our assumption here and it’s a trial that looks for non-inferiority. We believe that trial will be favorable, that we’ll pass that trial. And we think this therapy will be popular for intermediate risk patients. And there is a significant number, the group that’s measured here goes down to maybe the 50th percentile if you will of surgical patients and so, it opens up a significant population of people whose disease isn’t as severe of those being treated today. Remember it’s probably the top 10% or so of those with severe aortic stenosis that are treated today. And so, it is a substantial driver moving toward that indicator that we gave which we said we thought the market would be more than $3 billion by 2019.
Michael A. Mussallem: Its one we’re not sure about. You can be confident that the physicians are very excited about getting that data and getting that data out. So, I’m sure they would expedite it, we’re happy to help them. But it’s a very large study, all that data needs to be adjudicated because it’s highly scientific in its approach. So, it’s a little tough for us to predict when it’s available at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we’re never sure exactly what's going to be presented, but our feeling is that yes, [technical difficulty] we’re expecting them to be consistent with what we’ve submitted to FDA.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, we tried to be clear, that we really think it’s in everyone’s best interest to assume that we get the launch in early 2016. We’re trying to expedite that and we’ll certainly talk to FDA, we’d love to be able to bring SAPIEN 3 technology to U.S. patients sooner. But based on history and track records that’s not obvious, and we’re obviously also working internally to make sure that we have the capability to do that launch. But I will be speculating to talk about what the impact was and, I spoke about this a little bit earlier too. I would also caution people just to be a little moderate. It would certainly be a lift but I don’t know that if it’s a game changer in 2015.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we’re going to try and avoid giving specific guidance by region, rather we gave global guidance Ben, we think we’re going to get a nice lift. We’re going to continue to add accounts. The pace of the rollout that we talked about originally was to be able to qualify four new accounts per month, and we struggled at doing that in 2014, we hope to hit that in 2015. But we really haven’t given any specific guidance in dollars for 2015.
Michael A. Mussallem: It’s a good question. It’s a little early for us to understand what the impact of the reimbursement change is, and the behavior of U.S. hospitals. We think their economics have been steadily improving anyway and that the DRG is only a boost. But it’s tough to sell -- it’s tough to tell for sure. We certainly see it as favorable and it will continue. We think just because the procedure is so popular with patients and their doctors that this will enable more treatment and allow the market to grow.
Michael A. Mussallem: So, the growth rate of dollars in Europe was actually in the high single digits. Units were a little less than that, but we got a lift because this was INTUITY Elite also lifted that growth rate and that is at a premium price that’s probably selling at two to three times the price of a Magna valve. In the U.S. the growth, it was in the low single digits and we’ve -- I think I mentioned in the comments, we got some lifts on the mitral side in particular maybe that paper by Dr. D [ph] that talked about the advantage of mitral replacement versus mitral repair may have stimulated some growth in the quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. So, let’s just separate a couple of things. This is Mike, and then Scott can jump in and add further clarification. So when we said that the sales guidance would move towards the lower end of the range, that is -- there’s probably more of a dramatic impact in surgical heart valve therapy and in critical care than it is in transcatheter. So, those move nearly to the -- our estimate is nearly to the bottom of those previous ranges, whereas transcatheter heart valve we’ve got some optimism based on how we exited the year. So, even though it’s going to be pushed down some it won't be quite as impactful as it is in the other product lines.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, this was really broad based. We’ve spoken in the past about how large Germany is, but this -- and so certainly Germany was a contributor, but we saw this across the large countries and small countries, it was very broad based this quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Yes, so said we ended the year around 350 centers. We expect to add some additional centers in 2015 as they qualify, but we don’t think that’s a really big number. In fact when we think about the growth that’s going to come in 2015, we think the bulk of the expansion is going to be from procedures that are done in the existing centers, not so much driven by new centers.
Michael A. Mussallem: I hope you didn’t read my earlier comments that way. We really didn’t try and indicate that was moving down the risk spectrum. I think there’s been a sort of a greater understanding of risk and what patients are at risk and that the fact that some of the earlier criteria that’s based on scoring systems may not fully account for the risk that these patients encounter. And so, I think it’s just a more informed discussion. I still think we’re dealing with a high risk group.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone, and with that back to you, David.
Scott B. Ullem: I think you just got it exactly right. The FX hedges really -- and our natural hedges from our international locations really offset the incremental $70 million hit to sales. And so by the time you get to the bottom line, it really doesn't have an effect and the reason for the increase from $3.90 to $4.10, up to $4 to $4.30 is really driven by the momentum that we’ve seen coming out of the fourth quarter in our THV business.
Scott B. Ullem: That’s okay Rick, its Scott. Yes, certainly the year-over-year comps in terms of the rates of growth get harder in the second half of the year, but we still feel good about the prospects for growth in the business and what's -- the real headwind is this foreign exchange that’s hitting our sales. Regarding operating margin, we have talked about this, we talk about the investor conference, it’s a really important focus of ours. And I think that during the course of this year and beyond we’re going to be getting more leverage out of SG&A as we grow our top line faster than we grow our expense base. So, we still feel good about the trend. Obviously our current guidance reflects a pretty significant improvement over operating income margins in 2014.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. We intentionally gave a pretty broad range when we first put out the guidance and so, certainly we think we’ve moved up a little bit in that range. That’s the short answer.
Scott B. Ullem: Mike, its Scott, I think that’s about right. I think you’ve got it. Again just the bottom line on the guidance increase for EPS really it’s not so much being benefited by the hedges which offset the sales. It’s really more driven by THV and makeshift improvement from THV continuing to grow nicely.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, in 2016 it depends on where we go during 2015 of course because we’re putting the hedges on it a year in advance, and so little early tell at this point.
Scott B. Ullem: And Bob, it’s Scott. To your second question about cash. No, our priorities did not change at all. Our first call on cash continues to be investments in structural heart disease and critical care monitoring both internal investments and external, and I don’t expect there are going to be big investments. I think CardioKinetics is a good example of the types of investments we’re going to make. And then with the substantial cash flow that remains we will likely be directing that towards share repurchase.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Well, it’s tough to look too far ahead because in addition to currencies we’ve got mix shifts and different geographies where growth mix is different. So, maybe what I can do to help you get there is to just look historically at what’s happened. And so, in 2014 for the full year we had a gross margin of 73.7%; that had some FX benefit in it. And then when we gave guidance for 2015 of 75% margin, we got some mix improvement plus some additional FX protection. And I think that’s about as much of a trend as I can offer to you, if currency rates stay the same in 2015, then we’ll loose some of the benefit -- we’ll loose the benefit of the hedge contracts, but again you’ve got other things that are going to happen to our businesses as our mix shifts and we grow in different geographies.
Scott B. Ullem: Joanne, its Scott. Yes, it’s a combination of things including greater investment in growing up the commercial platform to support our THV business. It includes some remediation investments that we’re making in our Utah facility. And then a big piece of it in 2014 relates to our performance based incentive compensation structure, and we expect in 2015 that that will normalize, and its all baked into our revised guidance that we’re providing today.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, we’re active in the area of M&A, but its all small investments. It could be intellectual property investments, it could be joint venture, minority investments and so, we have been accumulating cash and we’ve got that cash available for all kinds of purposes, but I expect that we’ll spend more of that on share repurchase than we will on M&A.
Michael Weinstein: Well, I think what Scott had said Mike on the -- at the analyst meeting was that, the original expectation was a 100 basis points of margin improvement -- gross margin improvement 2015 versus ’14, and that two thirds of that would come organically and the balance would come from FX and it sounds like the -- today its at a 100 basis points of organic margin expansion and then the balance of that another 100 to 200 basis points from FX.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Because if I took your comments literally Scott, at the low end of that margin upside that you commented it will be neutral but at the high end it would be more like $0.15 plus additive at the FX hedges.
Michael Weinstein: So if we take your operating margin, your gross margin and as a result operating margin guidance, that incremental 100 to 200 basis points if its to track out the organic piece of it and the revenue loss which you get to is you get to a wash at the low end of the margin upside, and at the high ends, if you get 200 basis points of incremental gross margin then it adds like $0.15 to the original guidance.
