Mike Mussallem: Thanks Scott. We're very pleased with our strong year-to-date performance. As patients and clinicians increasingly choose TAVR, we remain optimistic about our long-term growth opportunity. We are committed to aggressively investing in our future, consistent with our focused innovation strategy. We remain confident that the innovative therapies resulting from our investments will benefit a broader group of patients suffering from structural heart disease and continue to drive strong organic growth.And with that I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks Bob. Well, you know we've always felt the TAVR opportunity was large and growing and we know that the superiority results are helpful. We caution reading too much into one quarter's result. We continue to think that we'll know more about it over time, but right now, we would encourage you to think about this broad growth rate that we've talked about over time.We struggled some time to estimate quarters accurately. We -- if you go back to our guidance in December, we thought that the TAVR opportunity would grow from $3.5 billion in 2018 to $7 billion in 2024. We still think that that's a reasonable trajectory. We'll take a hard look at it, and if we have an update we'll share that certainly in the future.
Mike Mussallem: It – we do believe it's a strategy. It will be an increase in the number of sites. They are limited today and we'll be adding sites in a disciplined fashion. We've gotten great feedback from clinicians and so that will be the primary driver.
Mike Mussallem: Yes I'm not so sure. We struggle with this Larry, because it's tough for us to call these quarters. I'm not sure it's about slowing next year. I think we saw a bolus this year. So we believe that most of what we saw last quarter and this quarter was the result of those spectacular results in PARTNER 3 which ultimately led to an FDA approval.And we think that that stimulated patients, educated physicians, it increased awareness and that combination started patients moving through the system. They don't move through the system so fast but we think it was a real stimulus to the system. So if you will we might have even pulled a little bit of that forward. So that's the way that we end up thinking about we're still going to have half the usage next year. The growth rates are going to look lower in comparison to the second half of 2019.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Larry. One of the factors although not as big as new patients coming off the sidelines were patients that might have been treated with surgery or treated with TAVR even now in the third quarter. So when you think of a big TAVR growth rate and that we've withstood that and grew 3% in the third quarter, it bolsters our confidence about the future. Is it going to be challenging?Do we think TAVR is going to continue to have an impact on surgeries? Of course, it will. But I'm not sure that that's going to get much worse in the future. We think there's probably been kind of a step-change here with the PARTNER 3 data and that over time that probably moderates as well.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Vijay. We don't have anything to share at this point. We're in discussions on that. And for competitive reasons while it's still early and it's not clear we don't share exact trial design. So at this point we really don't have anything new to add in that regard. Once it's clear of course it will get posted on clinicaltrials.gov and then we'll make it clear to everyone.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So in Japan there was a consumption tax that was put in place, I want to say around the 30th of September. And we heard reports that some Japan customers did some TAVR stocking. We think it's just less than $2 million worth of stocking that took place there. So that gives you a rough idea of that if that's your question.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So we were pleased with the way that the NCD turned out. And I think our estimate at that time is that it would add approximately 200 new sites. These would be sites that could achieve the eligibility.Now I don't know whether all of those will do that in the near term except for some. It might take some time. I think by and large we believe, yes. Will it take from of some other centers, yes, probably to a small extent. We believe that there's still a greatly underserved market and that it is somewhat additive to the total as those new centers come on.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, yes, just to go in the opposite order here. The bulk of this is likely to come from PASCAL. We'll try and paint a more complete picture. The replacement devices will be in clinical trial, so that won't have a big impact on the number. And right now our Cardioband product is still relatively small. We're gaining experience. We get a lot of positive feedback there, but by comparison, it's going to be more PASCAL.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So it's a great point. So I don't have an exact breakout of U.S. versus OUS. Given the earlier approval of OUS big head start for OUS, but you know that U.S. is a rapid adopter. So that's going to be a little tricky to predict. But that is -- it does include some bumps for the U.S. I think the bigger thing Jason is we're not suggesting $3 billion is where it stops in 2024.We feel like that's just where it gets going. We're focused on the long term in that regard. We'll try and provide some more clarity as we get to the investor conference, but right now I would say that's sort of a signpost along the way.
Mike Mussallem: I think, that's right, we haven't talked about approval. So, we say that we are on track for our enrollment and so we'll -- we may have more details to report at the investor conference. But right now I think our report is that we're on track with enrolling and really we haven't put sort of completions in place, because we're still relatively early.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We expect it to have impact. These are really good companies. We tend to think that our technology is pretty substantially superior, so we think that's going to give us a big advantage. But these are good companies that have great relationships out there and we think that they will have some impact.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I'd probably call it a little bit more business as usual. We're fortunate to be the leader in this space and we still -- our approach on a regular basis. I'll say, one of the things that's been -- kept our team pretty busy this quarter, as you can imagine, with a 30% bump in U.S. procedures, we cover all those cases.So our team did a pretty incredible effort just to be able to cover all this bolus of patients that's come through. So have we pivoted to starting new centers? No, not in a big way, but of course we support them. And we think that will be gradual and grow over time.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Well the one thing I could speak of with certainty is our discipline. We continue to exercise a lot of price discipline. If anything, I would say, there might be even more price pressure. We've watched some competitors get even more aggressive over time so some pretty, pretty significant differences, which is disappointing. We think it may be one of those things where it's tougher to compete, are on evidence and technology and so they're turning to price a little bit more aggressively. But that's the general environment.
Mike Mussallem: All right. Thanks, Rick. So let's just start from the top. We're really pleased with Ultra. We think it's a great valve. We love this feature. We think the reduction of paravalvular leak is going to become more and more important over time. There's going to be increased competition. If Ultra allows us to just protect our existing positions as leader we'll be pleased with that. So I think that's probably what you should expect. From a margin perspective, I'll let Scott comment.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so at this point it's been growing pretty significantly. On the aortic side, it probably accounts for 50% or more of our volume and it's growing pretty quickly. So it's a pretty significant portion. It's becoming really the valve of choice in a number of regions.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Josh. So we've had really fast enrollment in all of our PARTNER trials. That's really been a remarkable. And PARTNER 3 was a homerun. But when we get into this trial now we're talking about patients that are not only -- not on indication, but they're not on guidelines. Right now what guidelines say is you only treat patients that have AS and symptoms. And so many centers don't even acknowledge these and save it. And so it's been kind of bumpy and then it's just been a slower process because it's a first of a kind trial and it's a really big one. So we wish it was going faster -- not worried about the implications of this trial.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So you're suggesting our growth rate could have been higher if we treated more bicuspid patients? No, I'm just being funny now, right? So it's -- I think as we indicated before bicuspid is not off-label and we do continue to see many of these patients who get treated. They're younger. They have other issues. They often need different procedures. And so, that's often the case why they don't require TAVR therapy.
Mike Mussallem: That's a good question. So, we think what started the bolus was the report on the PARTNER 3 results. The superiority was pretty eye-popping that we think that drove a lot of discussion, awareness and so forth. One of the things about that we've learned about TAVR patients is even from when the decision gets made, they don't move through the system so fast. Many times it does take them longer than 90 days. So, if some of those patients got activated around that time frame, it's not surprising that they would show up in Q3.So, we think we're seeing sort of a bump in demand here started in the second quarter, see it in the third, some more in the fourth and we reach a new level. But we think -- as we say, we think that growth rate moderates over time to what we think of as more consistent with our long-term expectations.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So we don't ever anticipate providing less service to our existing customers. Our model is a high-touch model, and we do everything within our power to make sure that each patient has a really successful result. You're on a good point. We do find high level of variability between the understanding the general cardiologists have. Some do a great job of staying current and others are somewhat dated in their understanding of what therapy options are. So there is a job for us to do there, and we are taking that on to some extent. We're -- that's one that we're ramping over time as we're learning how to do that and how to do that effectively.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. A good chunk of it is indeed new geographies that -- we've probably gone to a very limited number of customers, a limited number of geographies so far. So yes, there'll be some more penetration in the existing geographies that we're in like Germany, but we'll be entering new geographies as well.
Mike Mussallem: It was kind of preliminary for us. We wanted to put it out there just so to give you some kind of guidance. We're going to try and get into that more deeply. But rather than sort of speculate on something that turns into a foul ball, we just thought it'd be better for us to give you a high-level look and then we'll get deeper as time goes on.
Mike Mussallem: Well, we're really pleased with what's going on in Critical Care. And you can tell the growth rate that we've enjoyed this year, has been a step-up from what we've done in the past.The HemoSphere all-in-one platform has really been important. And it has stimulated our growth rate. Having said that, that team in Critical Care continues to add features to HemoSphere and there are new features that will be added even later this year and some more in the future.So as those happen, we think it provides a lift to growth. Although, I don't know that you're going to see the same bolus. So we're going to share our expectations a little bit more discreetly or clearly, when we get together at the investor conference. But right now, we continue to feel like, we have a strong franchise there in Critical Care.
Mike Mussallem: Well. Just thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, and Mark, and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And I'll turn it back to you.
Scott Ullem: Well, that's certainly our objective. We try to inch up operating profit margins every year. And we're not perfectly consistent at it, but that's certainly the objective over the long term. I think the other things to think about in 2020 are we are going to continue to invest aggressively in research and development. And every time we think we've gotten it right we end up with programs coming online and other programs rolling off. But I think you're going to see us continuing to address it at relatively high levels of R&D. Don't expect it to go back down to 14% or 15% where we were a few years ago.The last thing, I'd say is just on gross profit I think we're going to see downward pressure on our gross profit margin, because we've got the benefit of some of these FX – currency hedges rolling through FX this year. And so we're not ready to quantify that yet, but I expect our gross profit guidance probably will not be as robust next year as it was this year.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Let me take you through some of the different moving pieces that hit gross margin. We had the benefit of these hedged contracts, I've mentioned before. That was probably about 130 basis point contributor to the 75.9% non-GAAP gross margin. It was offset by these manufacturing costs. And I think one of the good examples of what's flowing through there is these new European EU device regulations that end-up costing us money. There were some inefficiencies associated with moving delivery system production around in connection with this Ultra delivery system strategy we've talked about. So that did run through manufacturing cost and was contributor to some of the negative variances. We also had some benefit of mix. And you roll that all up together again and that's how we gone up 40 basis points versus 2018 third quarter.
Scott Ullem: Well, I think there are two pieces – were called out. One was a special charge, right? But in terms of the gross margin impact, no I don't think it's more than 100 basis points this quarter. I think it would be less than that.
Scott Ullem: Of course, we're proud of our data. Nobody is more proud. And we do everything we can to have that message out there but you have to also recognize that in the single biggest market in the world, the U.S. we've got new competitors that are coming in. And at this point I don't think we've really felt that in a large way. So whether it's trialing or an actual adoption we think that will have some impact. And so we stay kind of balanced on if we can grow like the market that's really not so bad.
Scott Ullem: Well, I think, there are a couple of things that are influencing it, both in 2020 and beyond. One is, we're trying to scale our growth and be really efficient with overhead and administrative and back-office type expenses that run through SG&A.At the same time, we're investing aggressively in things like field resources who are supporting clinical cases. And so, I think, those two -- it's tuff to tell what the balance is going to look like, but over time, I guess, I'll just leave it as, we're going to try to be very efficient in SG&A. And we'll give you more update about what that looks like in 2020 in a couple of months when we get to our investor conference.
Scott Ullem: We're in the early days Rick as you know we've been making some changes here. There will be a headwind to gross margin but it's really not something you're going to see externally. And over time it'll have substantially similar margins to SAPIEN 3.
Scott Ullem: Days -- and yes we had about a 1% headwind in the first half. And so this third quarter we've had literally -- most of the 2% tailwind was in fact selling days. A very small piece was the Japan preorder.
