Thomas M. Abate: Thank you, Mike. I'd like to add to what Mike shared by saying it's truly been a pleasure to work with the team here at Edwards for many years. While I'm looking forward to retirement, I will remain with the company until my successor is on board and I'm committed to a smooth transition. Turning to the financials. This quarter, our solid sales results, combined with strong leverage, allowed us to achieve diluted EPS of $0.82. Excluding special items from the prior year, our diluted EPS grew 22%. During the quarter, we approved a new $750 million share repurchase program, and we substantially completed our existing repurchase authorization of $500 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2 million shares and now project fully diluted shares outstanding in the second half of 2013 to be approximately $114 million. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 75.8% compared to 73.1% in the same period last year. Last year's rate was 74.8%, excluding the impact of special charge. The improvement was driven by more profitable product mix and a favorable impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by manufacturing inefficiencies. Excluding special items for the second half of 2013, our gross profit margin should be between 74% and 75%, driven primarily by a reduced benefit from FX and near-term inefficiencies as we prepare for multiple THV product introductions in 2014. Second quarter SG&A expenses were $189 million, or 36.6% of sales, an increase of 4% over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by the U.S. Medical Device Tax and U.S. transcatheter valve expenses, partially offset by FX and lower incentive compensation expenses. As a percentage of sales, SG&A should trend up in the third quarter due to seasonality and then decrease in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we expect SG&A to be between 36% and 37% of sales. We continue to aggressively invest in R&D and spending in the quarter grew 9% to $81 million, or 15.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in a number of heart valve clinical studies and new transcatheter valve development efforts. We expect R&D to increase in the third quarter as we continue our investments in clinical studies. For the full year, we expect R&D to be approximately 16% of sales. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 22.7%, down from 24.6% in the prior year, due primarily to the absence of the federal R&D tax credit last year, and a favorable reserve adjustment this year. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be at the low end of our 23% to 24% range. FX negatively impacted second quarter sales by $14 million compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of the yen. Compared to our recent guidance, FX rates negatively impacted EPS by $0.01. Looking forward, we now expect a $55 million negative impact to full year sales. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $99 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $127 million, less capital spending of $28 million. For 2013, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $270 million and $310 million. Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $575 million. Total debt was $227 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 58 days, a 2-day increase from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 1.7, consistent with the prior quarter. Turning to our sales and earnings guidance. Since we are still estimating the potential impact of the injunction in Germany, we are not including it in our 2013 guidance at this time. Given multiple variables, we assume that the injunction isn't likely to have much impact on our third quarter results. We plan to provide an estimate in the injunction's future impact when we release our third quarter results in October. We are maintaining our sales guidance, even though the dollar has recently strengthened moderately. At current exchange rates for the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy Product group, we continue to expect sales of $770 million to $810 million. In transcatheter heart valves, we continue to expect sales of $670 million to $750 million. And the Critical Care product group, we continue to expect sales of $530 million to $570 million. We continue to expect full year sales of $2 billion to $2.1 billion, and earnings per diluted share, excluding special items, of $3 to $3.10 resulting in a growth rate of approximately 14%. For the third quarter of 2013, which is typically our seasonally lowest quarter, we project total sales of $475 million to $505 million, and third quarter diluted EPS, excluding special items, to be between $0.63 and $0.67. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Thomas M. Abate: David, the difference that is little bit of phasing. This quarter, Q2, was a bit stronger than I would have thought. And I think we gave a piece of that back or some of that back in the third quarter. The difference between Q2 and going forward, Q3 and Q4, is we lose some of the benefit on the year-over-year comparison due to FX. First half, I had 100, 150 of help. That pretty much dissipates in the back half. We still get benefit but not in comparison to last year. In terms of the manufacturing inefficiencies, if we can see that it'll probably affect Q3, and potentially we think of them as near term, I can't predict the exact phase out the way that would work. But remember, it's somewhat related to all of the products that are coming in the beginning of '14. So we're trying to get ready for XT launches in the U.S., you've got S3 Europe and those things. So production right now, we're balancing a lot of things at the same time. And we also had a big adjustment we took to China in the first half, which affected the volumes in Critical Care. And that's probably run through the system by the end of this year.
Thomas M. Abate: Well, Brooks, there's a number of variables, mostly, that relate to the start. There's questions about timing in terms of inventory in the field and how that's actually going to work through and what's actually going to happen. So we -- purposely, we gave it a lot of thought, and we decided that we probably, at this point, we'll be in a much better position to give you a good look at it when we come to next quarter's earnings. By that time, we'll have gotten through the start-up phase. We'll have a better idea of what's in place in the field and what we can do. So if you don't mind, I'd like to hold that one off to next quarter. And I think what we're trying to do though is give you a couple of key numbers for Germany to give you an idea what is available. And that is the full markets out there and our sales, and I think most of you guys can back into that pretty closely, and then it comes down to share assumptions and things like that.
Thomas M. Abate: To be clear, what we finished was the prior authorization for $500 million. So we put about $150 million in the quarter. So we just received the new approval for a fresh $750 million. So obviously, we like the stock where it's at right now in terms of value. So the intention, as always in the past, we've used these relatively quickly in 18 to 24 months. So the thought was that, yes, we're interested in repurchasing.
Thomas M. Abate: Yes. There are a number of opportunities for improvement. Probably, the most substantial are length of stay. This length of stay are still quite large and the length of stay in the ICU is still quite long, and there are already a number of good examples of accounts -- leading accounts that are able to get their length of stays in the 4- to 5-day range. And so, being able -- for those that aren't there yet, to be able to have them see what best practices look like is great education for them, and we think that will have impact. The point you make about less resources during the procedure is also a very real one, and that has opportunity. There's also an opportunity in coding and classification. We had a chance to look back at the MEDPAR data and see real opportunities there for accounts to improve. And then, as the new technology comes out, we think that also is an opportunity. Right now, they're still dealing with the 24-French system. And as those systems get smaller, we think that it's going to mean that their economics improved, and there's real opportunities associated with that.
Thomas M. Abate: Yes -- no, I was giving -- the $150 million is probably closer to Q1 and the $100 million is closer to Q2.
Thomas M. Abate: Yes. We find it difficult to accurately predict net stocking. We -- as you recall, if you go back to the Investor Conference, we predicted for some time here that there was going to be this gradual change, where it was going to be. The net stocking would be a contributor to our growth early in 2013 and be -- to start detracting from growth in the back half of '13 and then pretty much wash out by '14. We think it's basically planned out that way. But we're not able to be accurate enough to call what that looks like in each individual quarter. There are too many factors there.
Thomas M. Abate: Based on our experience with XT introduction in Europe, we did take a write-down of inventory because we thought the product was that much better than the SAPIEN, that it made sense. And overall, that was the right thing to do. And I wouldn't know anywhere else to go with the SAPIEN valves since the U.S. will be our last approval. So it would likely if it came earlier depending on how early, would likely result in some inventory write-off.
Thomas M. Abate: The only place we saw extra days was in Europe. Both U.S. and Japan were flat, but it was enough to maybe 1% of growth in total raw sales.
Thomas M. Abate: That's likely the way we could expect it for the remainder of the year, Glenn, is that each quarter will probably get some of what we gave up in the first quarter. So it all evens out.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. Our second quarter results have increased our confidence in achieving our sales and earnings guidance and we remain enthusiastic about 2014 as we prepare for important transcatheter product launches next year in the U.S., Europe and Japan. We plan to continue investing substantially in the development of novel heart valves and other structural heart disease therapies, as well as in Critical Care technologies. We believe that our steadfast commitment to innovation will enable us to broaden our leadership position and create value for patients, clinicians and our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we trained approximately 25 centers in the quarter, which is very consistent with our expectation. As I think we indicated right along here, consignment is on the rise. And so what you're seeing is that, that's starting to equalize, where stocking and consignment are nearly the same.
Michael A. Mussallem: No. I think the balance of the year is going to looking much like we signaled right along. So we expect that the consignment should exceed stocking sales in the second half of the year, and that that's going to sort of -- that will end in 2014, where in '14, the actual results will track closely with the procedures performed.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Our estimate that it could be somewhere -- anywhere in the 2- to 6-month range before we get that decision.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. We're very enthusiastic about SAPIEN 3. It really looks great, we're excited about it, we think it's got the potential to be the leading product very quickly. In terms of what it might do to -- I think one of your question was, what it might do to product shares, it's a little bit hard to predict. I guess, your first question was stocking. Most of the product that we have in Europe is already on a consignment basis. And so I don't expect stocking to have a significant impact as we roll that out and it's going to be difficult to predict exactly the impact that it has on competition at this point. We think that it's going to open up the indication. But right now, it's likely to have the same indication as we have today.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, in terms of adding centers, we're going to continue to add centers during the course of the year. I don't know if we'll have as many centers added in the second half, as we do in the first half of the year. In the third quarter, normally, the training of centers goes slightly slower. But overall, you've got the same kind of trends probably continuing throughout the course of the year, Jason. I don't expect a dramatic change from what you've seen earlier. Sites are continuing to clear their capacity, they're continuing to make some improvements on economics. And so, there's a gradual, but I don't expect sort of an abrupt change, and much change in the overall trajectory until we get to an XT introduction next year.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that's fair. I'd say based on what we've already done, it's not clear. We could actually fall a little bit below the mid-part of the guidance for the rest of the year. For the close of the year, it's not clear. So it's hard to tell at this point, Jason, but if everything stayed the same, that's about where it would be. But we're generally expecting a mild pick up.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's going to be a little different animal than when we launched in Europe or when we launched in the U.S. So the upside in Japan is that reimbursement will be in place. The downside in Japan is that there's very few centers that have been trained at the start of launch because there were only, remember, 3 centers in our clinical trial. So it's going to be probably a more deliberate ramp as it comes up. We think there's going to be steady demand and we think the ramp is going to be a good one, but it's going to be moderate at the beginning and picking up speed.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. In terms of -- do I think things have changed? I think it's been pretty moderate change. There hasn't really been anything that's noteworthy, Brooks, to say that, gee, the large centers or the small centers have really changed in terms of their contribution to the mix. There probably tends to be more favorable economics in the larger centers. So I think they're continuing to do well. So you'd probably surmise that, that continues to be a driver. But that's probably that. In terms of total sites, we'll try and give you an update when we get to the Investor Conference. I think, last time around, we indicated that we would get to 400 centers over a 2-year period, meaning by the end of '14. Just based on the way the NCD is being interpreted, we're guessing it might be a little bit lower than that. But we're still working on that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We really don't discuss our litigation strategy in advance, Brooks. So we really don't have anything to add at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's a good point. We've also heard that there's been some stocking, maybe, up to a hundreds of valves into the German market. And we're still in the process of understanding what are the implications and the options associated with that. Just to give you a little bit more color, just to get the sense for what Germany looks like, probably a good 80% of the centers -- actually, more than 80% of the centers in Germany already utilize Edwards as a product, so either exclusively or shared with CoreValve today.
Michael A. Mussallem: I believe that pretty much all of those -- there might be 1 or 2 or 3 that haven't -- but for the most part, those have all been trained. So the people that haven't been trained at this point are people that haven't already been qualified on transfemoral. We really have them go through a process where they do transfemoral first.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. First, in the U.S., economics, capacity, patients, those are all somewhat related. So it's difficult to say exactly what it is, and it's quite account-specific and even region-specific. And you might imagine, as economics improve, then more energy goes into increasing capacity and finding patients. So there really is a relation, and we have redirected our teams to really help accounts with their economics. We think they have huge opportunities for improvements, and we think that that's a linchpin. At the same time, there is some pretty steady efforts to improve capacity, but it's quite account-specific. And same thing with their ability to drive into their referral networks. They're all making some progress, but some moving faster than others. In terms of your second question, we believe that the patent is valid, and we're going to move forward with all the steps toward injunction independent of what's going to go on in terms of the judgment of validity. So we don't see that as a pivotal issue. Your final point on mitrals -- as we've pointed out, we're -- we continue to feel like it's likely that we're going to have our first in man mitral series. We're not going to talk about exactly when that is. There's a number of milestones for us still to clear before we get there, but we think it's likely. We're excited about it. It's a very large opportunity. But it's difficult to size the opportunity until you actually have the product manifestation. We do know that's a very large group of patients, and we think that a mitral replacement actually is one of those that gets after a substantial component of that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean, I'll just point out that we're in a launch and we're in a ramp, and we are adding centers. Just the first half of the year, we added 50 centers, and the other centers are becoming more mature. And as they become more mature, they're building their capacity in the process of doing that and improving their operations. So I think it's very likely to expect that there's momentum in the back half, such as the back half would be bigger than the first. As we pointed out, there has been -- there's pretty profound seasonality that we experienced last third quarter. So we're mindful of that. We really don't know what's going to happen this third quarter. And so, we hesitate to provide estimates by quarter. But you have our full year estimate, and we already have half of the year under our belt. So we have a pretty good sense of confidence that we're going to fall within the range.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's just starting to improve. We don't think that there's very many centers that really are at optimal levels at this point. If you look back at the MEDPAR data -- and again, this is the data that was concluded in October of '12. And it looked at the prior 12 months. So really, the first 11 months of TAVR in the U.S., you even saw length of stay by quarter coming down slightly a little bit. And so, you already started from the first days of TAVR. And we think there'll be a steady progression there. And one of the things that we have an opportunity to do is to help try and share some of those best practices.
Michael A. Mussallem: No. It's hard to estimate. I think we've looked from time to time on what is already being estimated externally, and I'm not sure that the external estimates are necessarily that far off. But frankly, we don't know what they are, and we hesitate to actually give specific U.S. TAVI numbers by quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. We're real believers in XT. It's been in Europe since 2010. We think there's compelling evidence for why it should be in the U.S. And you can believe that we're making all the arguments that we know how to make with FDA to say that we should accelerate that. But just to be realistic, we made our submission of Cohort B in late April of this year. We're simply using the math to, say, add 365 days to that and there's your approval -- about that time in 2014, knowing that PMAs typically take longer than that. And we haven't necessarily been right when we've had our 1 year out there in the past. So that's what's really driving our estimates. So we're hoping that it will be better than that, but I don't think it should be something that anybody counts on.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. That's a good question, Kristen. The trial, very clearly, was for inoperable patients. So SAPIEN -- or the PARTNER IIB trial was for inoperable, and that's the one that we're counting on. Yes, it would be nice if we would get a broader indications than that, but we really aren't anticipating that, that's going to be the case. We hope that FDA would give some consideration to have the same approval that already exists for SAPIEN. But again, that's one yet to be discussed.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that's -- our interpretation of the NCD is it's written in such a way that reimbursement occurs as there is an approved label indication. So if it was outside label, it would not be approved unless there was a protocol, in which it was being studied under.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Yes, I'd -- we think it is. We mentioned both the nested registries and also competitive trials. And so, we believe, at some point, that that's consumed some capacity and probably slowed us down a couple of months here. In addition to the transcatheter trials that are going on, Edwards' own trials probably compete. We would imagine that some of the patients that are going into the INTUITY and GLX trials are also competing. So when you add those together with our registries in TAVI [ph] and the continued access in CoreValve, you'll end up with a fair amount of competition for these kind of patients.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We were pleased with what's going on in Europe. We wonder and we watch, obviously, the overall economy in Europe, but we think the fact that the economy picking up certainly helped. But the -- we thought the single largest factor is that Southern Europe turned from being a drag on growth to being a contributor again. For example, you saw a particular pickup in Spain. So we really didn't see the pricing impact in Europe quite as much this quarter, as we've seen in the past. Outcomes continue to be strong, so it turned out to be a pretty solid quarter. And we look at it, it was pretty broad-based. We saw in the big well reimbursed countries, we mentioned already Southern Europe, we even see it in some of the extension countries of Eastern Europe. So it was pretty broad-based.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's a good question. These are sick patients out there that really desperately need to be treated, and some of these patients are treated in clinical trials and other ones qualify for commercial. But I think that the combined number gives you a good sense for the underlying demand in the people that are making it through the system and really are expecting the procedure to be done. So it probably gives -- at least, gives us some insight as to the underlying demand out there.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So the Spenser patent is indeed in place, and it's got a good long life on it. And it's true in these other countries. We really -- as a matter fact, I think it's in over 20 countries. We just don't comment on future litigation. We've got a lot of decisions in front of us, Glenn, in terms of what we do. And we still haven't determined that at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So if you compare it to the first quarter, the first quarter actually is -- you probably heard us maybe 1% or 2% -- 2% to 3%, where we got maybe, 1% help in...
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. In general, Spencer, we don't anticipate changing our pricing policies. Obviously, we're going to work very closely with customers to meet -- to reach mutual agreements, but we're pretty consistent in terms of the way we do that. And we do give discounts based on volume, but that's pretty much it.
Michael A. Mussallem: You know what? We wouldn't be surprised, in general, if competitors come in at lower pricing than we do. We find that. That's common. We don't think it's going to be dramatically lower, but we think it will be lower.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. As a matter of fact, we have talked to those centers, and we probably have trained most of the CoreValve sites at this point. So those folks that are involved in implanting the CoreValve in the clinical. And I would say most of them have some experience in implanting the SAPIEN valve and are doing it today.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I think -- I guess, we feel, overall, that reorders tracks implants pretty good. There's -- when you -- I'm -- I guess I'm searching to some extent exactly how to do that. Bob, are you meaning by site or -- maybe you can...
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I would say take out net stocking, and the combination of clinical plus commercial is pretty close to implants. That's probably the cleanest way to look at it. Our pricing is very consistent. The pricing is slightly lower on clinical units, but you should think of something in the 30-plus-thousand dollar range for the commercial units and around $25,000 for the clinical units. And I think you can get very close to implants.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I hesitate to be able to predict that, Bob, because a lot of this is just going to depend on how it goes. So we're going to go out there, and we're going to start implants. And if things go great, then maybe there's more. And after we've learned something that causes us to go slower, then we'll slow down. So it will depend on what we learn. We're going out with the idea that first in man is not a single implant, but a series. And that's the way we look at it, and we're just going to have to play this out one at a time.
Michael A. Mussallem: Wow. All right. Yes. I think we're thinking of it more as a big advantage the fact that they're trained. So what we would normally anticipate is where there's going to be a lag due to training and so forth. So that doesn't seem to be the issue. So we don't need -- it doesn't seem to require extra resources there. The accounts are already covered by existing reps. So maybe -- but I don't think initially we're going to see anything. Maybe we'll tell you a little bit more, as we get into it in '14. So initially, I'd say not a big incremental spending number there that goes with that, if that's what you're asking.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. In our experience, it's all about their focus. If they decide that they're really going to get focused on doing it, and they have a tight team, they have an opportunity to really drive it down. We're finding that there are more -- there are several centers that seem to be able to get into the 4- to 5-day range today. And so, we look at that and say that that's one that's been replicated in multiple accounts. And the economics certainly improve substantially when you get into that range.
Michael A. Mussallem: In general, those tend to be successful TAVR sites and because they are -- the same people that are investing in driving down their length of stay, they're also investing in driving their referral networks and they tend to have successful programs. And we're optimistic there's some things going on and outside the U.S. to really evaluate how good this can get. And again, we think the opportunity for improvement is substantial with the existing systems, let alone what you get when you get into next-generation products.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. Back to you, David.
