Tom Abate: Thank you, Mike. This quarter we achieved diluted EPS of $0.58, a 35% increase over the prior year or 53% excluding special items last year. A significant increase in our gross profit rate combined with the lower SG&A spending allowed us to deliver EPS within our guidance range despite our sales shortfall. At the same time, we increased our R&D investments by 20%. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 75.1%, a 550-basis-point increase over the prior year. Approximately 200 basis points of this strong improvement resulted from a favorable product mix driven by the US launch of SAPIEN. The remainder was due to the impact of foreign exchange. At current FX rates, we expect to achieve a similar gross profit margin in the fourth quarter. Third quarter SG&A expenses were $168 million or 37.5% of sales, an increase of 1% over the prior year. This slight increase was driven primarily by US transcatheter launch-related investments, offset by a favorable impact from foreign exchange. SG&A expenses were lower than we expected as a result of lower incentive compensation and other variable expenses. As a percentage of sales, we continue to expect SG&A to be between 37% and 38% for the full year. R&D investments in the quarter grew 20% to $74 million or 16.5% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of investments in clinical trials and new product development efforts related to our transcatheter valve programs. For the year, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 15% and 16%. Our tax rate for the quarter was 25.9%, consistent with our previous guidance. Excluding special items, we continue to expect our rate to be approximately 20% in the fourth quarter, assuming renewal of the federal R&D tax credit. FX rates negatively impacted third quarter sales by $20 million. Relative to our prior guidance, FX did not have a material impact on earnings in the quarter. If rates remain unchanged, we estimate foreign exchange will now have an approximate $45 million negative impact to full year sales compared to last year. During the quarter, we spent approximately $13 million on share repurchases. Under our existing share repurchase program, we had $435 million available for share repurchase at the end of the third quarter. For modeling purposes, we continue to project fully diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $119 million at year-end. Turning to our balance sheet, at the end of the quarter we had total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $622 million and total debt of $175 million. Due to the accelerated reporting timetable this quarter, we are not providing quarterly free cash flow at this time. We continue to expect free cash flow for 2012 to be between $240 million and $260 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 64 days, a six-day improvement over prior year driven by significant payments in Spain last quarter. Inventory turns were 1.6, down from 2.0 last quarter. This decrease resulted primarily from the impact of foreign exchange and our lower Q3 sales. As announced last week, we acquired BMEYE for EUR32.5 million or approximately $42 million. We expect the net earnings impact from this transaction to be immaterial in 2012 and slightly dilutive in 2013. We'll provide complete 2013 guidance at our investor conference in December. Turning to our 2012 sales guidance, in transcatheter heart valves we now expect global sales of $530 million to $560 million and US sales of $230 million to $240 million. For surgical heart valve therapy, we continue to expect sales to be between $775 million and $805 million, which includes approximately $115 million from cardiac surgery system sales. Lastly, in critical care, we now expect sales at the low end of our previous range of $550 million to $580 million, which includes approximately $50 million of vascular sales. Given our updated projections, we now expect full-year sales at the bottom of our previous $1.9 billion to $1.97 billion range, which represents an underlying growth rate of more than 15%. For the fourth quarter of 2012, we project total sales of $490 million to $520 million. We expect diluted earnings per share to be between $0.76 and $0.80 for the fourth quarter and between $2.54 and $2.58 for the full year 2012. Full-year net income growth is expected to be between 25% and 27%. Our guidance for diluted earnings per share and net income growth excludes special items and assumes the renewal of the R&D tax credit. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mike.
Tom Abate: Hi, Raj.Raj Denhoy – Jefferies & Co.: I wonder if I could ask a little bit about Europe. I appreciate the comments in terms of southern Europe perhaps falling off a bit, and then what was intriguing with the commentary around some of the more established countries in the UK, France not expanding reimbursements. I'm curious what your thoughts are around when that might happen and what that could potentially do to the growth we're seeing in Europe.
Tom Abate: Sure, Jason. I think that direct question is legitimate. Right now we're probably peaking on the foreign exchange benefit; 350 basis points is a lot of foreign exchange. The good news is the vast majority of it is what happened last year. So, about two-thirds of that is last year's impact. So we will see this continue to affect that GP rate. So I hate to get too far ahead, it almost always has to go with the statement that says at current rates. But just to give you an idea of what’s in there today, there's probably 100 in this quarter. The margin looks good, we had 200 basis points of mix, and we’ll continue to look at that going forward. But it's logical to assume it will go with the sales guidance that we give for you next year and based upon how large that is, that would give you the size of the impact on the GP.
Tom Abate: And we have the authorization, the current authorizations over $400 million at this point and I think available cash is like $600 million. So, a good portion of that already authorized.
Tom Abate: Yeah, Mike, in regards to the reserve adjustment it was strictly Europe and keep in mind that we're introducing the new technologies. And what we do on a regular basis is just look at the return pattern and so forth and the exploration on product that's anticipated to expire in the future and we periodically have to adjust that. Now, not always in the same direction; we're hopeful that we'll have systems improvements that will probably bring this back shortly over time. But it's all and managing what's in the field, with the consignment inventory and the various different releases of product.
Tom Abate: Yeah. Remember, what I tried to break out, Bob, was the fact that of 350 basis points that's FX, a lot of it's what occurred last year. So we had a negative result last year that's no longer there. So, of the FX, you'd say 100 is actually happening in the current year. So if you were to back that off, you'd say, if it wasn’t an FX benefit, then without that, you'd be probably at around 74.Bob Hopkins – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Abate: So there is some -- and keep in mind, there is some coming in Q4 also, so, that's different. Okay.Bob Hopkins – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. Even in a difficult global economy, given the innovative and medically necessary nature of our portfolio, we are confident in our ability to achieve a strong fourth quarter performance. More importantly, we remain unwavering in our belief in the transcatheter valve opportunity and that our THV technologies can have an increasing impact on the lives of patients well into the future. Additionally, we are enthusiastic about the potential of our robust product pipeline to strengthen our leadership position in structural heart disease and critical care technologies. And with that, I'll turn the call all back over to David.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We had experienced a pretty good growth rate in the UK in the first half of the year, and that didn’t happen in the third quarter. There are limitations on the way that their payors are actually providing coverage to the local hospitals, and so they've already reached the limit at some hospitals. And so we're working closely with them and we're hoping that we can get some coverage improvement, but it could take some time. In France, we literally expected additional accounts to be added that would have impact in the third quarter. Those had been previously approved. Those have just started to become added here in the fourth quarter. I think it's an additional maybe 10, 12 accounts, and the first of those have already come on line.Raj Denhoy – Jefferies & Co.: So there's been some conjecture that perhaps we're seeing something structural in Europe with perhaps the demand for transcatheter valves perhaps not being so great or perhaps competition having better success there. Perhaps given the softness, if you just have any broader comments about your expectations for Europe and what you expect to see there over the next couple of years.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Well, first of all, I think we've tried to share here that competitively we're just not seeing much. The 29-millimeter transfemoral valve was a boost in the trasfemoral position. The new transapical competition really hasn't done very much to change what's going on in that position. And if we think about what's going on more broadly, I mean we literally saw a decline in the south of Europe, that's the single biggest factor. Structurally, we feel pretty good about things. Germany, the biggest country, grew 13%. And as we mentioned, it's pretty solid in Europe with the GARY Registry having the results that they are demonstrating in real-world conditions, the new guidelines that have come out from societies, the very procedural growth rate. If you were at the London Vale Meeting, there were 1,300 attendants. We think structurally Europe is going to be a very good transcatheter heart valve market.Raj Denhoy – Jefferies & Co.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We're prepared to ship immediately transapical units. And so with the approval Cohort A that we just received this afternoon, that’s going to begin immediately into PARTNER sites. And the PARTNER sites are already trained to do transapical, and so that will have an uptake here right away. The rest of the hospitals that don’t have transapical training are going to have to go through that. That’s going to be a couple of quarter process, but that’s beginning immediately. And it's built into our guidance, Glenn. So we feel pretty comfortable in the US that we're going to achieve this $230 million to $240 million range.Glenn Novarro – RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thank you, and congrats on the approval today.
Mike Mussallem: Sure, David. Yeah, you're right, there is a lag period between the regulatory approval and the reimbursement approval. The regulatory approval, we'd like to think, happens in midyear and the reimbursement approval would lag that. Our assumption is that we'll get that before year-end and so that really is what unlocks the market. Having regulatory approval really is just the precursor to that. We really haven't sized the opportunity. Our intention is to do that at the Investor Conference in early December. But we continue to feel pretty good that we're going to have both regulatory and reimbursement by the end of the year.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for that, Larry, I appreciate it. I think we've been pretty consistent in saying that mitral is a very high priority for Edwards Lifesciences and we have more than on mitral development program going on inside the company. We've also been pretty consistent in saying that we're really not going to talk about them until we think that they are pretty close to the market, that we actually have accomplished the first demand and have something that we think is as somewhat sustainable. So it's important to us, we realize that it's also important to investors, and as soon as we feel like we have something that's rock solid, we'll do it. In terms of comparison, the competition, in many cases they might have a different standard for when they talk about their valves than what we might do.Larry Biegelsen – Wells Fargo Securities: And then I just wanted to circle back on Europe. You gave some good color there. But the growth went from 15 -- I'm sorry, outside the US, OUS, 15% last quarter, 5% this quarter. Directionally, do you think you can grow there or keep it at least flat in 2013? I recognize you're going to give guidance in December, but really, how should we think about it given the rapid deceleration we just saw there? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, we felt like we did see deterioration particularly in the south during the third quarter. Our team doesn't feel like that is necessarily going to get worse. We feel like, when we do our projections, we're projecting that they stabilize at current levels, and that much of what we're dealing with right now are yearend budgets, so where there very -- some pretty direct orders to say that we need to stop spending because we're out of money for the year. So it's a little tough to predict exactly how that plays out exactly over the next few quarters, but the bulk of this, Larry, we feel pretty good about. Germany, the biggest country, continues to grow. France is adding centers, even though the UK has some pretty austere reimbursement practices, we’d like to think that over time here that they become more liberal in terms of the way they reimburse.Larry Biegelsen – Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, if it helps, as we said, we've got 150 sites trained at the end of the quarter, commercial sites, and 186 if you count the partner sites. We're going to use quite a bit of transapical capacity in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter to train these commercial sites or the non-PARTNER sites, if you will. That's probably going to mean actually that we trained less new centers in the fourth quarter than we actually trained even in the third, right? So it's going to limit that to some extent. But we've given some pretty clear sales guidance in terms of what we think is going to happen in Q4, if that helps answer the question.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. One piece that you may not have picked up along the way here is what happens on clinicals. If you go back to Q2, we actually enrolled a couple of registries, the transapical non-operable registry and the six and seven millimeter registry. Those were largely enrolled in Q2 and they were not present during Q3. So that was a drop of almost $4 million. We would expect that to be restored in the fourth quarter because we have the new 29-millimeter registry. We’d expect those levels to pop back up in Q4 to be similar to Q2. So maybe that helps you little bit. The rest of it I think is there, unless you have a specific question on it.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So let me talk about stocking to try and give you maybe another piece that help you triangulate. There's -- net stocking is really two pieces. One is the stocking themselves and the other is the consignment. So there'll be some stocking that goes along with TA, there'll be some stocking that goes along with the new sites, but remember we're not training quite as many new sites, but consignment is starting to ramp up. And so that's going to run, I don't know, mid-single digits worth of millions of dollars. So net-net we'll get minimal benefit, maybe just a few million dollars net stocking in our estimation in the fourth quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Overall what's going on there is that we give some volume rebates when people obtain that and they're obtaining that level. We're talking about something in the couple of percent range year over year.
Mike Mussallem: We don't expect that Bruce. We think, you know, we don't have a plan to reduce our pricing. The only way the people earn that really is with volume discounts. And we think actually transcatheter heart valves offer a very good value, and we work hard to build that case and we have more and more evidence all the time that I think supports that premise.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Overall, Bruce, I know that there, anecdotally, there's a number of cases that are different out there, but we believe broadly that the reimbursement is pretty fair and there is a not a big difference between what we're seeing commercially and what we saw in the PARTNER trial in terms of the severity mix. The majority of patients are still mapping to the higher DRGs and just the overall position impacts the hospital. You just got to remember the hospitals for the most part are very proud to be in the trial. They do an awful lot of media outreach to do it. It sends you a signal about how they feel about being in this technology. So we don't see it as a major barrier for adoption.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, Kristen, we haven't changed our view on this. We don't have any plans to begin initiating a dividend. We feel like that we can invest that cash and get real good returns for shareholders by driving the growth. You can see the kind of way we use it, just look at the recent BMEYE acquisition which we think is a great addition to the company, and I think that's more likely what you see as use of cash along with of course share repurchases.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Kristen. Yeah, we had a good hour to go through that. I'm just joking. The Cohort A label actual is as expected. This is just what we thought. The STS greater than 8%, also judged by the heart team, the risk of mortality greater than 15% if they went through surgery, that's very consistent with what we expected.
Mike Mussallem: It does. It has an STS grade of 8% or the heart team deems a greater than 15% estimated mortality if they went through open-heart surgery.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. No, I don't know that it's going to change imminently. I think people are trying to understand it. Just to get into the detail a little bit, it asks for either 100 structural heart disease procedures lifetime or 30 left-sided structural heart disease. And that's something that centers are trying to interpret. There's a little bit of lack of clarity on, gee, do I have to be the primary operator or what if I just participated in it? And so those kind of pieces of clarification will help centers work through that. But I think now that they know what the requirement is, it causes hospitals that are motivated to go and try and fulfill the requirement. So I don't see it as a major issue.
Mike Mussallem: Sure, Mike, happy to talk about it. Yeah, when we issued that press release, I think it was 11 days ago, we were under the impression that we were going to have a Cohort A approval really any day. And with that in mind, we had guidance that basically said that we’d hit the low end of the range of $240 million in the US. Given that it came here on the 19th, we estimated it cost us approximately $5 million worth of sales in the quarter. So we thought it was in the best interest of, we being accurate with shareholders, to change our guidance. And so that’s why you’re finding the midpoint of the guidance moved about $5 million both in the US and on a global basis.
Mike Mussallem: No. The OUS is just -- is very much consistent with the change in the US. We really only tried to move the midpoint $5 million, Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We think we’re going to get a boost in clinical trials where it goes back to the level of Q2. So that's, you know, you’d figure that’s $3 million, $4 million. We're not trying to suggest that we get much of a boost out of net stocking. Actually we’ll get less of a boost out of net stocking in the fourth quarter than we’ve got even in the third quarter because consignment is going to start eating into that.
Mike Mussallem: So let me answer your second question and I'll let Tom get into the question about the adjustment. No, we don't anticipate things to get worse necessarily in the fourth quarter. The accounts that we think have slowed down or stopped continue to be slowed down or stopped. It's not that it's that variable. And so we sincerely especially saw this in South in Italy and Spain where literally the procedures just stopped. And so that's what we experienced and that's what we expect to continue into the fourth quarter. And Tom can get in the significant --
Mike Mussallem: Just right.Bob Hopkins – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, great. I know it's late here on a Friday, so I'll be real quick. If you look at the change in your US TAVI guidance midpoint to midpoint, sort of the new midpoint to the old midpoint, it's about $15 million or roughly 500 surgeries. Mike, I was wondering if you could, as best you can, break that down for us, because I think Europe is an issue people understand, but this is really just the third quarter of the US TAVI launch and you are reducing guidance. And I just wondered if you could break down that 500 surgeries for us into as many as buckets as you feel comfortable, just so we can have a best understanding of what you feel what happened.
Mike Mussallem: It's a good question, Tom, and thanks for that. We do see a few cases where that is, but really hasn’t been very substantial so far. We think with the Cohort A approval, we have more chance of seeing that sunshine come. So we're looking forward of demonstrating that going ahead. We will see.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We probably estimated that we'd get, I don't know, maybe $3 million to $5 million worth of non-femoral access sales in the third quarter. So if that helps you estimate it, we -- that's what we would have thought. The combination of -- blended [bottom], we got Cohort A actually a little bit sooner, but probably the bulk of that was the fact that there was no reimbursement in place for these non-TF cases.
Mike Mussallem: Well, I don't know. It's a good question whether that has some kind of impact. I think broadly there is a TF-first approach which is being adopted, and cost may be an element of that, but there's also a feeling that it's improved outcomes for patients. The cost efficiency that we saw related to TA most -- especially the PARTNER-related data, that was generated very early on, and probably not a fair and accurate depiction of what’s going on with transapical today. I think those folks that do it and do it well and practice at it feel that they get better results than what was seen in those early results, and even the continued access data we think generates improved results from what happened in the United States.
Mike Mussallem: I don’t know that we have any specific, for example, randomized data coming from TA, although this is such a highly-studied field, I wouldn’t be surprised if we see at least center-based data that gets generated from time-to-time.
Mike Mussallem: My belief is just based on what we see on a regular basis, that there's an urgent patient need for it. That's the key driver. People that are in either a non-operable situation or in high-risk surgical, if their femoral arteries are too small, there's not much alternative. And although economics are a factor, it's not an overwhelming factor. There is others just that are more human that become involved.Joanne Wuensch – BMO Capital Markets: Terrific. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We don't have a clear data on the number. It's a very vocal group because they're not eligible for surgery and they don't have an alternative and don't have femoral access, and so we know it's a high-profile group. But we don't have clear visibility of just how many there are. We think it's sizable, and I gave you an estimate of what we thought might have happened in the third quarter from that group. So maybe it gives you some kind of sense of what we might expect in the fourth.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Thanks, everyone, particularly on this long day. Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone and may see many of you next week at the PCT. Back to you, David.
