Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Scott. We're very pleased with performance achieved across all our product lines and believe our future remains bright. Our innovative TAVR therapies continue to deliver value to patients, and our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid valve technologies continue to represent exciting opportunities for breakthrough therapies. Overall, we're confident that our important innovations will result in a continued strong outlook as we deliver valuable solutions for the patients we serve. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Mike, appreciate the question. Yeah, the math that you did around the remainder of the year sounds like it's pretty close. That was the signal that we're trying to send. And yeah, it is a correct observation that the sales growth during the course of the year is lower in the second half than it was in the first half. We're really pleased -- we were surprised a high level of sales growth in the first half, it was extraordinary from our perspective. Remember, we went into the year thinking far less. And the second half of the year has kind of turned out the way that we expected. Remember, this is a long-term growth platform. We're very pleased that this many years after the introduction, we're still growing strong. We think it's particularly remarkable outside the U.S. where we started introducing in Europe 10 years ago to be growing at 20% OUS is something that we think is pretty impressive. But broadly, we have a long-term view. We projected that we think that this market opportunity will be more than $5 billion by 2021, and we think that the results that we're putting up this year, including the way we expect was in line with that. So yeah, I don't expect that we're going to have the heavy 60% growth rates that we had just a year ago and that we're going to settle into something that's more moderate. We'll give specific guidance at our investor conference in December, but I think the way that you characterized it is accurate.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, David. We're not prepared to lay out specific CE mark timing. We should be prepared to do that when we get to the investor conference, David. The bigger point that we wanted to do today was to share with you the change of strategy in which we felt it was appropriate to implement these significant enhancements that we think are going to be really meaningful that it's important for us to jump back. Overall, I think it actually is going to collapse our time to success, the time to long-term success, although it might delay for sales, but we think that's going to be -- this is going to be a good trade-off in the eyes of investors. In terms of next-generation SAPIEN valve, I don't that we're going to get into details on that for competitive reasons. We're really pleased that we're going to be launching both the Ultra System and CENTERA here before year-end, and we think there will be a lot of customer excitement around that. And as you correctly identified, we are working on next-generation systems that could be even more exciting, but we're probably not ready to share that yet.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, David. I think that, that share positions have continued to be pretty consistent, pretty stable, both inside and outside the U.S. compared to a quarter ago. So probably not a lot of news from that perspective. The competitive dynamics probably haven't changed quite as much as we thought they might that could still be in our future. In particular, that -- we noted that the exit of Lotus from the marketplace probably didn't help us very much. It may have helped our competitors, but I don't know that there's a lot of other dynamics that are going on. We feel like the market is still growing nicely and that we're pretty much growing in line with market growth.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Larry. So, a few things. First of all, as you've correctly pointed out we're not ready to share specific guidance for 2018. You all know quite a bit about our critical-care business and our heart valve business and our transcatheter aortic business, and all those businesses have some pretty clear trajectories and I think we've been clear in terms of what we think is possible. We think they're both -- they're all going to be really nice growers and maintain their leadership. So that's that. In terms of transcatheter, mitral, and tricuspid, I don't expect 2018 to be much of a sales year. I think it's going to be a really important year in terms of us making progress toward key milestones, creating value, sort of crack the code on what's most important and laying evidence in place, so it'll be an important year, but not one that probably is going to drive sales growth. We're more focused on what kind of growth will those platforms will provide some time out, more in the mid to long term. So, you should think about it from that perspective. In terms of investments, we're always thoughtful about that. Of course, some investments are going to need to be made in advance, and, you know, we were spending pretty aggressively in R&D field resources we'll try and be thoughtful on that and try not to get too far ahead of ourselves although some of that will be advanced investment. So, I don't think you should see an overall dominant affect from that in the 2018 plan.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Bob. Yeah, we think that this has been pretty consistent that there wasn't a big change in share. It's hard -- it's always tough to estimate because, you know, we report out of cycle with each other. But our best estimate is that we're probably growing in line with the market and we basically factored those approvals into our guidance.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, the adoption in that country is still early they're continue to go add centers as we had expected and we continue to believe that right now they're primarily just treating high-risk patients, so the opportunity for expansion is still significant there. Hard for us to quantify, but we could talk about that one more in December as well.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, I'm not sure the exact numbers, Chris, but yeah, we have been adding people to the Cardioband organization in Europe. Maybe one of the things that's not apparent here is we believe that Cardioband not only applicable in the mitral position but also in the tricuspid position. So, in addition to our field resources and, well, all of our resources for that matter supporting Cardioband mitral cases they're also supporting Cardioband tricuspid cases and we think Cardiobond could be an important contributor there. We don't get any sales credit, no commercial cases for the tricuspid cases those are still commercial at this time. So, we've ramped up. There's probably maybe a few more resources, but basically where we want to be right now that sort of leveling out here in the fourth quarter.
Mike Mussallem: No, we are going to continue to invest aggressively in the business especially around research and development. We've made a lot of progress over the last two years just in leveraging SG&A as we've gotten more global. We’ve continue to drive that SG&A is a percentage of sales ratio down. We're looking for opportunities to continue to get more efficient. That said, we're going to invest as Mike said in field resources to support our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies, but I think overall our operating margin continues to look very favorable. It's improved over the last couple of years and it's an area of focus, but, again, primary focus at Edwards is driving top-line organic growth.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We continue to have new centers joined. We probably have, I don't know, maybe a dozen new centers joined in the quarter. So, we were probably in excess now of 550 centers and we do get contribution from those. And so, we're actually seeing a contribution across the board from large centers to small. It seems as though when new centers come in, that they unlocked a group of patients that maybe weren't being seen by the centers that were already present. Maybe because people were their own networks or they just did weren't insider referral pattern that found them into a TAVR Center. So, we are getting a contribution from that. But as you can imagine, the numbers are getting large. And so, this is validates for us the under treatment that's going on in TAVR and gives us confidence that this is going to have -- quite a bit of a runway in front of us.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Yeah, we've tried to talk about this before. We really believe that there's a dramatic under-penetration of patients. So, when we looked at severe aortic stenosis patients in 2016 with symptoms, we felt that less than 20% were being treated. And so, we have a big opportunity. And even, though we have the intermediate risk approval it takes time for clinical practice to change it takes time for the guidelines to change it takes time for referral patterns to change and that's been happening. And overall, we're pleased we've seen some nice growth. But we're not coming close to the full potential that was unlocked with that indication let alone what's still in front of us. So, we continue to have work on that. So TAVR's still underutilized. The new data on – that we continually present. I think is very helpful in terms of making the argument and we've got some data actually coming up at the upcoming TCT where they're going to highlight the economics which will be interesting to see how contemporary economics compare to the economics that were last measured within the PARTNER trial.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. Yeah, I'm not sure going deep into the inclusion or exclusion criteria or deep into trial design is all that insightful. But I think the portfolios themselves and the strategies are more interesting. We're going to drill deep on that when we get to our investor conference. But broadly, you can see that our competitors feel comfortable moving forward with a transapical system and we have chosen a different tack here. We really believe that transapical is going to be necessary to unlock this. And so that's going to be important. We also think that repair is going to play an important role in mitral therapies and we're pursuing a couple of technologies very aggressively there. We'll talk about exactly how that might all come together. But in the near-term, mitral is primarily a repair marketplace, and we have – there has to be some pretty impressive data presented to make the case that replacement technologies are ready to unseat them. And so, what we stay focused on is the really the long-term in terms of being able to treat the most patients with therapies and really cause the practice of medicine to change. Right now, these mitral patients just do not get treated. Surgery is not considered an interesting alternative. And until we have catheter-based technologies, which are safe and effective, it's not going to change. And we do think it's going to be a toolbox, which is why we have a full portfolio. And we are feeling very good about what we're able to see. We're on steep learning curves, so we're gathering a lot of experience with all of our systems, and that's informing our strategy. So, we'll try and paint ad more comprehensive picture when we're together in December, but maybe that's a good starter.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Jason. I may have sent an inappropriate signal, if I suggest that that the U.S. was below our expectations. It was right in line with our expectations. Remember when our surprise was early in the year, when we projected what we thought would happen across the TAVR world in 2017, we originally had a projection of 15% to 20% growth and that was based on growth both inside and outside the U.S. Do I think the U.S. will get slower? Well, I think there's a lot of large numbers where some of that is probably going to be likely. One of the things that is impressive is that the OUS where penetration is low is continuing to be strong, but I don't expect any certainly big dramatic changes, Jason, if that's what you're asking.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Raj. One of the things that I might call your attention to, I don't know if you noticed that there actually was a Lancet article that was published in August about our early feasibility results in PASCAL. This had, I think it was, about a 23-patient experience and it was really a feasibility study and it walked away with a conclusion that there was impress with the high rate of technical success and the reduction of mitral regurgitation. And so, the fact that such a new technology would gain that kind of profile we think we were pleased with and we think that's relatively noteworthy and so we're today engaged in this. We think that there -- well, you should expect that there's going to be a presentation at TCT, so I think if that same Lancet group that you're going to see six-month results at TCT and you're going to see -- we'll share more about this. The trial itself is on ClinicalTrials.gov, it's more than a 100-patient trial with I think a six-month primary end point, so maybe you can certainly refer to what's on that website to give you a little more information.
Mike Mussallem: Well, I think the time line sounds aggressive. I mean, obviously, we're going to move as fast as we responsively can move. But I wouldn't be penciling anything in at 2018 at this point. We're very optimistic about the product line. We think it is -- it's one that users are going to like. We've gotten some nice feedback at this point. But it's still early in the evolution and I think it's one that we're a little bit more data. That will be interesting to see what's discussed at TCT next week.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We're really pleased that we got the new technology. We think it's going to have a positive impact. It went into effect October 1 of this year, and it's going to help hospitals, remember, when hospitals try to adopt these new technologies, often, it's really burden on their cost system. So, for Medicare patients, this helps defray some of that. And so, what it allows people to do is to get involved with an innovation like INTUITY and we think that it's going to provide, hopefully, some longer-term impact because they're going to have a chance to experience the product and have we think some very positive results associated with it and want to continue.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Isaac. I appreciate the question. And we’ve been asked that before. We continue to feel the same way. We just don't see this capacity as an issue as it relates to the TAVR. We see places where within an existing system, they're able to do six or even seven TAVRs in a day, so it's remarkable the way we are able to expand the capacity. And the bigger question is their ability to add teams, and hospitals can be pretty resourceful. I think they find – most hospitals find that they're able to be profitable and they will make the addition teams. So far, capacity is not really been an issue for us.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We think, typically, most hospitals like to have more than one system on the shelf. Either because of a anatomical reasons or just competitive reasons, they like to have more than one. But we find that typically, they will have -- we call it a workhorse product or one valve that they're going to go most of the time, they get very comfortable with it, they have good outcomes. We think that will continue to be the case and that will be the primary dynamics you will experience. I think it will be unusual to see three or four systems on hospital shelf for the exact reasons you've mentioned. 
Mike Mussallem: It's tough to know. It's probably that's the case. There may be a little bit of share in there, but it's probably moving in that direction over time. So we don't expect that there's going to be a big share shift necessarily in the quarter. So, I would expect the market to grow probably in line with our expectations. So, I don't know, the 15% to 20% range is probably moving in that direction. 
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So unfortunately, we're not able to see the age or -- and I'm not supposed to see the age of these patients. This data set this up and opened up yet, so I don't have that. I can't really share the characteristics of it. The PARTNER III study should support indication expansion for -- with no particular age limit. So, I don't know that it is going to be important. In terms of bicuspid, I don't know if I have a really clear answer for you. We're running a registry just for that group of patients hopefully, we get some insight into that. 
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So, we're excited about getting the SAPIEN 3 Ultra out there. It's -- will have a CE Mark, and so you'll see the data ultimately following the CE Mark. So, I'd imagine may be mid-next year look at some of that in. In terms of its performance, it's got a couple of features and that's current that good really improve the performance. taller skirt we should make it -- we should get little better acute results. And then the skirt is also made of a different material, which should promote tissue in growth, and so we're hopeful that, that has some improvement on long-term results. So, we're optimistic about this valve platform. But again, I think it's one of those things that you start seeing it may be a middle of next year and then we'll certainly be following it over time.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. So first, -- yeah, we would expect that we would be able to get the Ultra valve into the U.S. because it should be a PMA supplement we would hope that by the end of 2018, that we'd get there. I don't know if we've made a decision on continued access. I wouldn't necessarily count on that. So, it's probably too soon. We – I'm certain will be in discussions with FDA about it. But right now, I don't have any good answer for you or clear one.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We're also – it's going to be interesting, Kristen, for us to observe the particular the behavior of physicians when they have CENTERA in their hands. CENTERA has a lot of advantages associated with it. Some of those physicians that are probably use self-expanding systems are probably spending much less at this point. So, we're going to have a chance to see just how they feel about an improved system that maybe has a higher price than the systems that they're using today and we look forward to that feedback and that's going to teach us a lot about what we need to think about for the future.
Mike Mussallem: They're probably use of cost differential, but that's not really driving us what we're really interested here in is seeing whether – the value framework for CENTERA is the way that we believe it will be. We think physicians are going to be pleased with it and are going to prefer CENTERA, but would really like to see that improving clinical practice.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. Inside Edwards, we've decided to organize our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid programs into a team that works together, so even though there are dedicated teams for each of these technologies, they share a lot of learning. Certainly, there's a lot of commonality and sharing across the clinical team across the regulatory team across the operations and supply chain team that actually goes throughout the organization. The management team sit together and they talk about their progress and their set-backs. It is very much does inform our strategy. So, yeah, it's a key opportunity that we have by having this portfolio of products that we're able to learn from each other. So, we think it's going to pay off. Actually, we think it will be a key success factor for Edwards in the long run and we're using that insight to actually shape our strategy today. Again, you'll get a chance to hear more of that. We feel like it's a little tough to do on a quarterly conference call, but we'll be able to get into it a little deeper at our Investor Conference in December.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thank you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
Scott Ullem: Yes. So, we feel really good about where we are year-to-date. And we're glad that we had a third quarter that met our expectations. It's pretty lofty expectations, as Mike said, a lot higher than we originally expected to be end of the year. So, I don't think anything is really holding back our continued growth. I think that there will be some changes in the fourth quarter around gross margin. We'll get a little bit less help from FX, which will impact earnings per share. But that's in our guidance. I'm not sure it's really noteworthy. Beyond that, fourth quarter is looking pretty much the way we thought it would earlier this year, and we think we're off to -- we think we're on the right path.
Scott Ullem: So, Bob, its Scott. Yeah, the $498 million is adjusted for $17 million of Germany stocking, and relative to the second quarter 510 – hold on one second let me just make sure we're giving you the apples-to-apples number. Yeah, so it's $510 million also adding back the consumption of sales, stocking sales in Germany.
Scott Ullem: And, Jason, it's Scott. Regarding fourth quarter and gross margins actually we think that the gross margins may be under pressure in Q4 versus Q3 if foreign currencies stay at their current levels. We had a little bit of benefit from FX in the third quarter and at current rates we would probably not see that same benefit.
Scott Ullem: Sure, Kristen. So, Hurricane Maria, about 40 basis points. But let me take you through the whole gross margin profile. But it was pretty much as we expected it would turn out like, excluding special events. So, we ended at about 120 basis points higher than third quarter 2016. 220 basis points higher, driven by mix and about 140 basis points FX of about 0.5 point in supply chain and manufacturing benefits year-over-year of about 30 basis points. It was offset by Maria which you talked about before the closure of our Swiss facility and accelerating some depreciation on those assets is about 20 basis points. And then other items, about 40 basis points. So overall, it's pretty much like we expected. It turned into earnings per share of $0.88, excluding the actual excess tax benefit versus what we had expected. So, we expected a higher ETB than we thought would achieve, which is why our EPS looks like $0.84, but the way we're thinking about it modeling it, it's more like $0.88.
