Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We are very pleased with our strong performance achieved through the first half of the year. As patients and clinicians increasingly prefer TAVR and based on the substantial body of compelling evidence, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity represented by transcatheter therapies. Overall, we remain committed to aggressively investing in structural heart disease and critical care technologies. We are confident that this will result in more patients being treated with our innovative therapies and continued strong organic growth. And with that I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. If it's helpful, I suppose if it's coming in clear now, we could maybe even read it again I suppose if it's helpful to you.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Brooks. Some of it already happened in Q2, right? So you've got a – chunk of it was the Q2 beat. You're right. There is an element of it that comes from what might be a little bit earlier approval that might provide a little bit of a sales boost in the third quarter. But some of it is just a reflection of the momentum that we have coming out of the second quarter. We've had two quarters of strong growth in the U.S. and Europe is growing nicely as well and Japan for that matter. So, you put those together, it's really more of a momentum issue.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I think as we mentioned, you may not have picked that up in our earlier remarks, but we saw growth in both large and small hospitals this quarter. So it was widespread and it was geographically dispersed across the United States. And I think the U.S. was probably the largest source of growth. We don't think there was a significant number of patients that came from surgery. We think, by far, there was more patients that just plain came into the system. We continue to believe that there is an under treatment of patients, particularly with high risk and those flow into the system.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jason. Yeah, I realize that it must be confusing for people that are following it. And part of it is that risk ratification happened by STS score, and it's traditionally been done that way. And over time here, we've seen that risk scoring has changed, and it's changed in two ways. One, just the way that STS evaluates the patients and their scoring system themselves, and the other is that heart teams themselves are playing a significant role in that and you know that they're bringing in play factors like frailty and anatomy that aren't captured in risk score, so age certainly being a key component of that. So, I think what you're seeing right now is just a different view of patients. They look at somebody today and say, well, I consider them high risk for surgery, knowing the kind of results that they get with transcatheter heart valves. I believe they're largely staying on indication as the NCD reinforces that, but we just have less precise estimates of what high risk, intermediate risk and low risk means compared to what we've had in the past. We continue to believe that the overall TAVR opportunity is more than $5 billion by 2021 and we're seeing that adoption. In terms of what's going to happen when intermediate is approved, I think a couple of things. We try to remind you that we're treating patients under the CAP today, the continued access program. And so that would stop when this began. And also, we tend to think that we'll see more or a ramp, if you will, a gradual ramp, rather than a step function when that approval takes place, so that's our expectation.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Mike. First, thanks for the comment on the reception. What we'll do is we'll get that script up on the website just as soon as we can, if it's not up already, so that people can view it. In terms of the question, right now, we're teed up to start the CE Mark trial. We really don't have obstacles in front of us other than just getting the sites up. So, we're ready to go to begin the trial. There are no internal hurdles or regulatory hurdles.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks. Yeah, we said, given the strong performance of SAPIEN 3, we've decided to incorporate additional benefits into our new Ultra System before its introduction. This is going to move the expected European launch into the second half of 2017. So then, remember that new system features an on-balloon delivery system and a next-generation sheath technology, and we expect it to make it easier to use, reduce possible complications and shorten procedure times.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we tried to reflect that in our remarks. Recall that we felt that the U.S. market grew more than 60% in the first quarter, and here we are even though coming off a larger base, it's growing again, in our view, more than 60%. So, this is pretty terrific market growth, and we would've expected it to begin to slow. So that's one element that's stronger; and just the strength of the SAPIEN 3 data is putting us in a very favorable position as well and giving clinicians a lot of confidence. We were pleased with what's going on in Europe. We were glad to see the growth rate of Europe be 20%, and our growth tracked that. And we have had continued discussions with FDA that cause us to believe that we'll get the intermediate risk indication in the third quarter. So just a strong momentum; looking at what's ahead, we feel pretty confident about our guidance.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I'm not sure we broke out Japan. Japan is growing at a very high rate, but remember that's a small base and still a small contributor to OUS. And we have the launch of SAPIEN 3 that's going on right now in Japan, so that's helping drive growth.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Larry. Yeah, absolutely, there were some pretty sensational headlines and, certainly, those prompted questions. But to us, it really hasn't appeared that it's been a significant issue with clinicians. They remain enthusiastic about the impact that TAVR can have on their patients. I'll remind you that EuroPCR that original – those headlines hit around mid-Q2 and they didn't appear to have near-term impact on overall therapy adoption in the quarter. We are committed to studying this. So when you talk about long-term data, we can't imagine there being better long-term data than what we can generate out of our PARTNER trials. We have great datasets there, they're well controlled, and so we plan to pursue those patients on a long-term basis and follow those. And we think that will be the best way to really shine a light on the issue.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, it really felt like more of a continuation of their efforts. They're enthusiastic and they continue to optimize their own programs, continue to find ways to add capacity, so this is an ongoing dialog that's going on with all the centers, large and small, and we thought one of the things that was noteworthy this quarter is the growth that we've seen out of the medium-size and small-size centers. In the past, it felt like there was an awful lot that came out of the largest centers, and it feels broader based at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's a mix of things. Probably the single biggest one is that they're able to do more cases per day with SAPIEN 3 than they have in the past. And so that's adding capacity, and just adding a little bit of case per day adds an awful lot of capacity when you aggregate that. That's also integrated with what's going on today with the minimalist approach, which includes conscious sedation, shorter ICU stays, you don't have to coordinate with an anesthesiologist the way you used to and so forth. And those are truly adding capacity to the system. I think you broadly are watching people share best practices and improve their efforts across the board.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I guess I know we try and talk about it a lot and this must be difficult if you're a couple of steps away from this. But the STS score is not becoming as relevant as it was in the past. The heart teams have really taken ownership of these issues of which patients and they're utilizing their judgment. We think that broadly hospitals are saying on indication and that's been very clear, because remember you have an NCD in place that drives discipline in that regard. Having said that, if you are on the borderline of high risk and intermediate risk, might those patients be judged as somebody that should be treated today, yes, that's very possible.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. So, what we've said is that our updated guidance anticipates that OUS sales may reflect a negative impact in the fourth quarter, that the country of France has a policy that limits annual TAVR procedures and a strong therapy adoption is outpacing this year's rate. We're working with the Ministry of Health in an effort to increase the procedure limit, but in the absence of a resolution, we expect to discontinue sales in France for the remainder of 2016 when the cap is reached, and that assumption is indeed in our guidance. So, we're not reflecting exactly how much, but that is a factor that's in there.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay, yeah, on UNLOAD, I don't know precise timing, and although that's going to be a contributor, it's relatively small. Probably the biggest one that's not in our estimates, that when we say it's going to be larger than $5 billion in 2021 is asymptomatic patients. And although that's not supported by current guidelines, we believe that patients with severe AF that have not yet presented with symptoms could benefit from earlier therapy. And it's an area that we have high interest. We've not yet established a timetable to begin studying the effect. It would be a groundbreaking trial. And we'd expect that there would be significant debate among the clinical community and regulators on the trial's specifics and merits. So, that's one that we'll have to stay tuned on.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We're estimating that the number of centers that we're serving in the U.S. now is around 450. And there are centers that are finding ways to add the capability to be able to get within the NCD; generally, that's happening slowly, but it's happening steadily and it is a contributor to growth.
Michael A. Mussallem: It's a tough one. I mean the fact that we're 450 now and probably approaching 500 is probably a newer estimate based on what we've actually experienced. It is difficult for us to project in the future and it gets affected by the level of consolidation that's going on in the U.S. hospital industry. So, difficult for us to decide exactly where that comes out at this point, Raj.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, it's a great question, Raj. We think about it a lot at Edwards. We have been believers for some time that it will take a tool kit to address mitral regurgitation and heart failure, and that its unlikely that any single product is going to be a silver bullet that's going to take care of all patients. So, we continue to have a high level of interest in repair as well as replacements and it's one that we pay a lot of attention to.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. We feel really good about intermediate risk, and we felt like we had some pretty spectacular results, obviously, that suggests that the treatment with SAPIEN 3 is even better than surgery. And so, that part is very encouraging for us. But we know the practice of medicine has traditionally been slow to change and that that's going to take some time. So, we more think in our mind that it's going to be a gradual, but steady, increase. We're yet to see if that really changes the total addressable market. We've always believed that we would have intermediate risk approval and that was in our more than $5 billion estimate that we put out there when we did our Investor Conference last time. When it comes to the impact on surgical valve, you recall that we continue to have growth in aortic valves. They grew about 5% just this last quarter. So, we have not changed our view that surgical valve business is going to grow in the face of TAVR expansion. And there are several factors there. You've got the ageing global demographics working in your favor; generally, under-treatment of patients; there's more innovations of high value, like INTUITY; you got tissue to mechanical conversion; and, the emerging markets are getting wealthier and able to treat their patients. So, all those factors, we think, are going to be ones that drive growth in surgery for a while.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I think I understand. We've struggled with this, Danielle. I think we've mentioned this in the past. We probably have a greater sense of vision for the long-term than we do in the short-term. It's very difficult for us to estimate what's going to happen quarter-by-quarter or even year-by-year. We believe that this is very successful therapy and that the data has demonstrated that it's excellent for these patients and they should get treated; in the absence, a patient – they've got a pretty poor prognosis. So we think that, ultimately, they're going to be treated, and much of this is going to depend on basically the message being out there and the referral system working. So, it's a judgment call, but we believe that this technology will continue to improve; and as it improves, more and more patients will be treated.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks for the question. As you know, we are waiting for the judge to render a decision on several outstanding matters, and that includes an injunction and patent ownership. So, there is the potential for multiple trials to be ongoing. We don't think that Neovasc is so advanced that they have the whole mitral clinical community tied up. So, I'm not sure that that's going to be a major factor. We think we do have access to some of the best centers in the world and we look forward to being able to get that without limitation.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, well, we continue to like that investment. I think we talked about it a few quarters ago when we put it in place. And it's indicative of that feeling that we have that mitral repair might actually have an important place in the future. We like that particular investment because it allowed us to make a reasonable and nominal one on what we think is very promising therapy, but wait to see how the data turns out; and if it looks good, we have an option to actually acquire the company. So, we're pleased with that as a strategy and would do more like that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, you know, just broadly in Europe, our team feels that that patient population keeps percolating into TAVI and that there is an increase, but without a surge.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks for the question, Glenn. No, we didn't lay that out. And some of that is somewhat variable still. So, it's not clear, it's going to depend much on how we do.
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't know that we'd put a press release out on the first implant. Well, I would say that would be unlikely. You are more likely to see updates at the clinical meetings. Our clinicians, they love to talk about their clinical results. So, that's where I'd expect an update. If we have something meaningful, we will certainly talk about it on our quarterly calls.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. A matter of fact, there are cases. The litigation actually was initiated by Boston Scientific, which disappointed us. But in response, we have also filed litigation against them. So, there are going to be some European cases there that come to trial early next year.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks for that, Ben. Yeah, I think your assumption overall is a good one; if all of the growth were to come in transcatheter aortic valves, that certainly should be a source of leverage, because as you correctly note, there is a limited number of centers engaged. But remember, we're also pursuing a number of other growth opportunities that might require investments in SG&A. So, we hesitate to make long-term projections about the SG&A rate, because we don't have clarity on those other investments.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, these are transcatheter technologies that probably provide opportunities for us that are more long-term in nature. They include intellectual property and some know-how that we're very happy to get, and it's too early for us to share the particulars that are associated with that, but I think it's indicative of what you should expect from Edwards, which is we're going to continue to invest in next-generation systems, and even though we're enjoying a lot of success with SAPIEN 3 right now, we think we have the opportunity to make the next-generation technologies much better.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. And the other thing I will add is, we're still hopeful it doesn't come to that, our primary goal is to get the cap increase so that we can address patients that need the therapy.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks for the question. But no, we're not a sponsor of that trial, so we really don't have insight much as to what they're doing. We're obviously focused on our PARTNER III Trial, that's what we think of greatest importance and has the opportunity to change the indication in the future.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. In Europe, it's our expectation that that's going to be a pretty deliberate process. As we indicated, we submitted our data that came from PARTNER II and that we would expect a CE Mark to occur somewhere around the first of the year. But we think guidelines probably don't get changed till possibly the third quarter of next year. They have a pretty standard process they go through. Having said that, guideline changes are helpful in Europe, but they're also – it's going to be somewhat dependent on what their decisions are on a country-by-country base related to their reimbursement. In the U.S., probably the best guidance we have right now is what we just did for the quarter. As we try and project ahead and know exactly what clinicians would do, it's difficult for us to say. We hear a lot of positive messages, but we also believe that people are going to stay disciplined on indication and that our teams are the ones that are really driving the therapy adoption at this point. So, it's probably all the help that I can provide at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: All right. Thank you very much for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. So, let me turn it back to you, David.
Brooks E. West: Great. Mike, actually, you were fading in and out quite a bit in the first part of your prepared remarks. I was actually going to ask if it would be possible maybe for you guys to email out your script or post it to the website, because I felt like I did miss a lot of what you said. I'm sure we'll be useful...
Brooks E. West: I don't know. I guess I'll defer to David Erickson on that, but I thought like I missed a lot of what was said in the first half of your remarks.
Brooks E. West: Okay. And then I guess as a follow-up to that, Mike, where do you feel like the incremental patient is coming from? And I guess, specifically, if you look at the U.S. market, do you feel like – it feels like now you're truly starting to cannibalize the surgical business, is that where the majority of patients are coming from. Do you still feel like patients are kind of coming out of the woodwork that wouldn't have been treated? Can you speak to that at all? I know it's a guesstimate, but would be helpful as well.
Scott B. Ullem: It is related to the capacity expansion activities we talked about. Just recall, for the $100 million guidance raise, part of that was already experienced in the second quarter along with the incremental profitability. So, about a third of that $100 million sales guidance increase will drop through to the operating income line across Q2, Q3 and Q4. There is less benefit to gross profit and SG&A, primarily due to these investments we're making in manufacturing and the infrastructure that we need to sustain our growth and, also, we've got some incentive performance-driven compensation running through the P&L.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, David. In terms of profitability, we are seeing pressure on just in terms of capacity expansion and we felt that a little bit, it's probably less than 0.5 points of gross margin in the second quarter, but we believe it would be higher than that as we look out to the second half of the year. So, yes, we got incentive compensation, but what's really unusual in terms of this gearing from sales down to the bottom line is the investments that we're continuing to make to grow our capacity. In terms of the accounting change, we do plan to implement it in January 2017 as required by the accounting pronouncement. If we would've done it last year, our earnings per share would've been something like $0.17 higher than they were, but given the potential for all the variability and how this is calculated, because it's based on our stock price and the option values that employee awards come with and how many of those options are exercised, it's risky to start making assumptions about what that's going to look like. We're also thinking through how we're going to present this in terms of presenting our adjusted EPS and we'll get back to you on that as we look towards providing 2017 guidance at our investor meeting in December.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah, which translated into about 5% benefit to underlying growth. And on a consolidated basis, it contributed to about 1.5% additional growth in the quarter for all of Edwards.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah, I'd group it into a couple of different categories. One is, just near-term, as you can see just through our gross margin line, we're pursuing multiple avenues to increasing capacity, and those costs are coming through in the form of overtime and hiring and training at our existing facilities. We're expediting logistics to move product around the world. We're adding production equipment. We're rebalancing capacity between our facilities. So, as you look out to 2017 and beyond, we're expanding our existing facilities and we're going to open new facilities, including our new plant in Costa Rica. We will get leverage as we increase that capacity, but for the short-term, for those two reasons I just mentioned, we're going to have some continued pressure on the gross margin line.
Scott B. Ullem: It's Scott. We haven't given the number. It's mixed into the overall guidance range they we're talking about. So, bringing up guidance to $100 million including the second quarter results and we're just not going to get into how the model works, but it is in our guidance for the second half.
