Michael Mussallem: Thanks Scott. In conclusion, our strong start to 2016 positions us well for another successful year. We’re enthusiastic about the continued expansion of transcatheter based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, and we are confident in our outlook for strong sales growth and we remain passionate about developing impactful therapies to help more patients around the world. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Yes, thanks Rick. Appreciate it. Yes, it's tough to predict the FDA. What we've said is for modeling purposes to assume an October 1st launch that's what's in our guidance estimates and you can take it from there; of course we're talking FDA all the time and we don't get into the specifics of that, but one of things that you should be aware of is that old out of second - one of the things to be thinking about here is that when you say they're going to give us the approval early excuse me sorry Rick I'm just I am composing myself here voice back.
Michael Mussallem: So the approval is likely to come. I think as we suggest that it's tough to know we have regular dialogue with the FDA about it. Remember that this is a product that's already approved and in the hands of hospitals. So given that that's the case this is only an indication expansion. We will be training our team and our sites on how to handle that to make sure that they indicate the proper patients for this, but other that we expect to be ready for the launch. With big production increase of course that's a bit of a strain on our manufacturing operations but we expect to be able to handle all that. Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks David. I’m not sure that we could say we really saw anything change post ACC. I mean think about for a quarter we just reported it’s the 64% growth and we said the bulk of that is a growing market. So the U.S. market is growing fast and it’s tough to pick out whether it's changed very much. When we say that there is a pick up, when we added a $100 million to transcatheter heart valves, there was - there is several things in there some of that includes the earlier FDA. But also we do expect that the momentum coming out of Q1 and just a positive data out of ACC also contributed to that. So that’s all rolled into our guidance and that's helpful.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks for that. And thanks I actually feel better than I sound. So you know post ACC. There people are obviously feeling very good about, we’ve got an incredible amount of very positive feedback from clinicians and you know much of what they appreciate most, is that they have got this really solid large piece of high quality data that they can rely on for decision making. And I keep hearing that over and over again. I don't know what it changes on day-to-day practice. I think because there's an NCD in place, people try to stay - people try and stay pretty disciplined. But as we know there's not a bright line between high risk patients and intermediate risk patients. And we wonder if in these sort of borderline patients, if these heart teams will decide to say hey borderline patients. If these heart teams will decide to say hey, that’s a good thing I think that person is close enough to the high risk and we would deem it that way. So I would expect some of that to happen, but as I point out, the market is already grown in a pretty healthy pace here and we’ve taken guidance up more, so it tells you about our confidence in the future.
Michael Mussallem: Okay, thanks. Larry, we’ve anticipated probability that those OUS growth rates stay relatively consistent for the rest of the year. I mean the good news is here Europe is still growing in our estimation more than 20%, we are seeing nice expansion in Japan, but we don't think that you're going to see a lot of people aggressively treating intermediate risk patients. We've had some people that are already aggressive adopters like in Germany, that probably have already gone to the place where they ignore euro score, focus more on heart team judgment and consider age as a factor when they assess risk. But in the other countries, we believe that they're going to probably wait for the indication expansion for the changing of guidelines and particularly in places where reimbursement exists. That will be a factor because unless reimbursement expands it will limit the expansion. So we're a little conservative about that having any really quick uptake OUS.
Michael Mussallem: I think what happened Larry is it probably does flatten to some extent, but where it gets the left is when there is an indication expansion. So for example we get formally got intermediate risk we think that will be a pickup in the growth rate OUS and a matter of fact you know later on when we think when we get lower risk patients that will be another kick-up, but we think that those will happen in kind of steps if you will and that where - we're at a point now where we've had high risk approved for a number of years OUS.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, well you know we've indicated Larry that we thank the transcatheter aortic valve market first and foremost. It is more than $5 billion opportunity once you get out. Just a few years from where we are right now. We think that there is more and more evidence to believe that that is real. And we're on a pathway to we think clearly get intermediate risk. Before the end of this year and then just a few years out we'd like to think that we're going to be successful for our low risk trial. I think broadly and this is been consistent over the years. There's been an underestimation of the number of people that don't have their aortic stenosis treated. And those people will continue to come off the sidelines as you have are really effective and safe procedure for them and that's first and foremost. Beyond that we love our core businesses and Surgical Heart Valves and Critical Care we think they're going to grow nicely at above market rates and we've got quite a pipeline filled with really exciting new opportunities that's all be it will have risk, but also have very big market opportunities all of these opportunities to be able to treat structural heart disease with catheter-based technologies. And those are significant each by themselves and will get a chance to play that out. So we're very bullish about our future and even though. We've had a great run. I don't think that we're close to having. All of the potential good things that could happen being reflected in our value.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I guess all I was indicating is its already flattening compared to what we had seen in the past. When we tried to be consistent here we've been talking about Europe that’s growing plus 20% so that's pretty substantial growth right. And that's flattened from where it was not long ago that's all it was indicating David.
Michael Mussallem: You know David we believe that the vast majority of the growth that we enjoy that was procedure your growth. So, broadly that the vast majority of the growth that we enjoy that was procedure growth. So broadly across the market, we say there is some modest share gain in the U.S. But that's really not the principle story.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks Jason. Yes, I think what we said before is that we expect around 400 sites, we expect that to increase maybe 10% or 40 sites during 2016. I think we are out of path to do that. So I don't know the precise number for Q1. But I think it's pretty consistent with that sort of a ramp. In terms of PCR I don't know that you're going to see anything like you saw at ACC, where you are going to see those kind of large trials. I'm sure they're going to be a lot of transcatheter heart valve papers and news. But I’m not expecting anything that's major that really is going to cause - really change in terms of behavior at least not in my mind. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Raj. I have to say going into this year I would consider it a major victory, if we could stay on path to begin a CE Mark trial by midyear and I was always pleased to report that we're actually doing that. There's an awful lot that goes on behind the scenes as we try to indicate. We're implementing a number of enhancements to that CardiAQ platform is really one of our earliest versions of this transcatheter valve. But we still have a lot to learn, so we're going to be jumping in this trial, we are enthusiastic about getting into the trial, but we have to admit we're on a steep learning curve and we're putting a priority. I’m getting that clinical experience because as we get that it gives us so much more guidance in terms of how we ought to be running the program. So as we try to say a lot of uncertainty and timelines at this point because of – because how early it is with these programs, but we're pleased with where we are right now.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well thanks for that. Yes. What I tried to indicate in the prepared remarks Raj was we indicated that the newer entrants, we estimated that and it's really hard to estimate because there is not any really good external source, so we pieced together a lot of things, but we estimate that somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% of that European share that these competitors would have. I think when we reported that number in Q1 of last year, so year-over-year it was around 10%. So there was about a 5% movement there. That's what I was trying to reflect in my remarks. In terms of how we're behaving, we're really not changing our pricing practices. We have – our pricing has been very stable. We do have some very small downward drift, but that's purely based on volume discounts and it's been consistent with what we've been doing. And we continue to have a substantial price premium versus competitors. I don't know where it is, but it's – our estimate is in the 10% to 20% range.
Michael Mussallem: I’m just going to just pile out a little bit to your question, when I think about the $1.5 billion I mean part of what encourages us to make that investment as we saw a lot of green lights along the way. And when you see an opportunity that’s significant, then it's what encourages to do that spending. If we didn't see that, obviously we're not obligated to have that kind of sense. So this was sort of incremental spend each step of the way.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, as you point out Bruce, since it's very competitive marketplace there's at least, five or six competitors and we have by far of the strong share leadership we're very proud of that and we expect that to endure over time. And as you say part of the way that we're going to do that is with our new product introductions. So SAPIEN 3 has been fantastic but we're certainly not going to stop there behind that is ultra and then more yet and as you properly point out CENTERA. So we don't intend to stop improving this therapy we think there's still a long way for it to go and we think that's going to separate us. I think it's going to challenge our competitors to be able to keep pace.
Michael Mussallem: Maybe I could make a quick comment here Kristen. So overall I think as we correctly as you pointed out aortic units we're grew great once again this quarter I think was up around 7% and they were up in a combination of U.S., Europe and Japan. So the big geographies are still growing. I think of probably most impacted in Germany but even in Germany the surgical valve business remained robust for us and we feel like the addition of product like INTUITY which we have there help us continue to maintain the growth rate.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, you know I don't know that this is going to unfold over a matter of months. But if we’ve watched it unfold over a matter of years, I wouldn't be surprised if there is much more life to this Matt. You know we defined people with their [indiscernible] by looking at people that received open heart surgery to have their valve replaced. And now that we have this catheter based option, we learn that there is many more patients out there and we're still learning that it's a disease that is under diagnosed and in many cases even when it is diagnosed it’s under treated. And so we're still on a steep learning curve there. We think that that could go on for a while and we're still continuing to find up sides if you will that could be very meaningful. I think the key is for us to have a very safe procedure, you know when we talk about this you know the past notions were you had to have severe aortic stenosis and symptoms. I think everything will be challenged in the future when you have a procedure that's you know under 1% mortality and 1% stroke at 30 days it starts getting interesting to say what should be my course of treatment.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks for that Matt. You know I think as it has been demonstrated valve and valve really is a good option down the road for a number of patients but that's not the way we're really approaching this. We'd really like to demonstrate that transcatheter heart valves and hopefully as we continue to introduce valves, we're able to do this that have them last a long time. We're fortunate to say that now and tens of thousands of patients have been in studies, we really haven’t seen a signal that indicates that structural valve deterioration is an issue. So we're encouraged by that, but we still have a ways for it to play out, but no I don't think that the primary answer is going to be valve and valve. I think that we should be able to develop valves that have some pretty reasonable durability.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Danielle. So the way that the NCD is written with a label change automatically comes a reimbursement. So it's really coverage to label the way the NCD is designed, so if that continues as this we would expect with intermediate risk that accounts can very simply continue to do what they've done in the past. Now in Europe and other regions guidelines are probably have to change first and then remember reimbursement is really managed on a country by country basis. So each country will have to go through that process and that will be what it is. We've been able to manage through that in the past, but we think that to take some time.
Michael Mussallem: That remains the same, we are still operating under the NCD, so if your question will the NCD change that's a different question, we've not request reopening of the NCD. So we'll continue to operate under the same requirements as the current one.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks for that. We think that that will indeed happen that patients with isolated aortic stenosis more and more going to be treated with TAVR instead of surgery. But this is there's still going to be - this will be a slow process low risk is still going to be treated by surgery. And that over time there are a number of things that are underlying trends that cause us to believe that surgical valves will continue to grow. There is an aging global demographics. There is a lot of patients internationally that don't get access to technology today. There are some really exciting surgical innovations coming like INTUITY and more they are still patients getting mechanical valves if you can believe it but I imagine what sources of tissue over time. So there's a number of factors and we're going to help try and fill that. So we're optimistic that we're still going to have a positive growth rate even though there is going to be a very significant move up TAVR into intermediate risk patients.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Glenn. Like you as you know each side has their own unique issue, but we've been really impressed with the ability to hospitals to add capacity and we expect that they're going to continue to do it. Even with the expansion of guidance that we provided for 2016. The capacity increase for an average hospital in the U.S. is relatively small probably less than 10%. So we really don't think that the capacity increase for hospitals are probably a constraint in the near-term and we don't get a lot of signals back from our hospital customers that they're overly concerned about it. They seem to have something in the works in most places. As it relates to mitral valve we don't expect any major clinical updates at Europe PCR and I would guess they'll be some incremental information share, but remember we're in an early feasibility trial. So there's really no major clinical updates to share at this time. I would have thought I cared later in the year.
Scott Ullem: Sure. So it's actually not its inventories outside of the U.S. that have been replaced by. higher value inventories with the strengthening of the U.S. to higher value inventories with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. So we call last year in 2015 we had protection as foreign currencies weakened and so our gross profit margin rate was higher than it would have otherwise been now that we've depleted those inventories and they’re being replaced by U.S. dollar denominated inventories, we’re now seeing that come through in our lower gross margin. And just to give you some detail on that our gross margin was about 290 basis points lower, 380 basis points of that was related to this inventory phenomenon. There was another 70 basis points reduction from operations including some manufacturing capacity expansion. And then the mix improvement helped gross margin by about 200 basis points.
Scott Ullem: Yes, well. David we’re trying carefully to manage growth in SG&A expenses as you know. And so the longer we can do that and the longer we can maintain that difference between growth rate in sales and growth rate in SG&A the better. That said we do have some headwinds coming out in 2016 relating to SG&A and so we're trying to manage through those. But generally we think we're on the right trajectory.
Scott Ullem: Sure. So in terms of sales TAVR increase is $100 million. In terms of total sales increase, it's about $55 million dollars of FX due to the weaken of the U.S. dollar since February. So in terms of earnings, the benefit of that THV sales growth has fallen through to the bottom line, but it's offset by several different factors, some in cost of sales and some in SG&A. But principally the improvement to the bottom line Mike is due to the THV sales increase.
Scott Ullem: So there is going to be a decrease drop through in the later part of the year, because some things have changed since our first quarter. As we've looked at the incremental boost that we see in the momentum we see in TAVR, we’ve decided to take some pretty aggressive action around increasing our manufacturing capacity. And that I’ll give you couple of specific examples. We are really actively at all of our facilities around the world now, accelerating our recruiting and our hiring, training. We are running significant over time costs and we're also investing in the infrastructure in each of our locations to meet demand. And so these are couple of reasons why we're getting less drop through now than we did in the first quarter. We've also decided to pull forward into 2016 some expenses to start a new Greenfield production facility for valves.
Scott Ullem: Larry I’ll add one additional perspective from a financial point of view which is even despite all of the investments we're making to expand the market, expand therapy, development, grow, require capacity to meet demand. We're still getting good P&L leverage and so we expect that the earnings power of this company will continue to improve and we're generating significant cash flow.
Scott Ullem: That's a good question. We expect that we get more leverage in cost of sales as some of these remediation investments that we made last year started to roll off. And we are almost through all those remediation activities that were shorter term in nature. But now with this significantly increased expectations around sales and volume requirements we're really having to invest heavily in facilities, capacity and all of the expenses I mentioned earlier around labor. So I'd like to say that that this is all going to go away but I think for the foreseeable future we're going to continue to invest in order to support the top line growth.
Scott Ullem: Well, I think we're already capturing it, which is why you're seeing a significant drop through from sales growth into our earnings per share and obviously we want to make that wider and really leverage our scale around these investments that we're making in both gross margin and SG&A. So I won't say that those investments are going to stop and all the sudden we are going to have a materially different P&L. But I will say that we are continuing to get leverage out of these investments and really trying to control growth in expenses as we grow revenue.
Scott Ullem: I think maybe I can answer it this way. I think overall operating margins from 2015 to 2016 should go up by around a 100 basis point and so without trying to break it down quarter-by-quarter or by line item SG&A versus R&D that may be one way to get at your question.
Scott Ullem: Yes, it's a little bit of both. We are very deliberate and how we stage and sequence investments in these new growth platforms and opportunities. So similar to the development of the SAPIEN platform in the family of valves and we invested significantly on the way in developing clinical evidence, while also investing in actual new product design and we are intended to do the same thing when you look at things like our transcatheter mitral valve program and even form on the tricuspid side. And so our strategy is really unchanged, it's been very disciplined, but also to be long-term oriented in the way we invest in new product technologies and then commercialize those and really generate topline growth that turns into earnings.
Scott Ullem: I'll take that Kristen. So recall last year we had guided to $10 to $20 million in total discontinued sales and by the end of last year we had achieved about $15 million of that there's probably another $5 million or so to come in 2016 or more to the tail end of it. It will probably show up most in the first half less in the second half. But that's how the discontinued operations are proceeding.
Scott Ullem: Yes, it's not significant and again it's more first half weighted than second half weighted for the remaining $5 million or so to be discontinued.
Scott Ullem: I'll take it the actual valve business grew about 7% in the first quarter. It was offset by this discontinuation of the non-strategic cannula products. So that the core valve business continues to grow nicely.
Scott Ullem: And you have both its sales and units you know the pricing and surgical valves is generally over the years been stable. So we're seeing still attractive unit volume growth.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a good quarter. Sorry, Mike I have a couple of question for you, I apologies.
Larry Biegelsen: So the OUS TAVR sales I think were about $150 million up about I think you said 13%. What is the guidance assume for the rest of the year for international TAVR growth and does the intermediate risk data, the Ultra launch later this year I believe and CENTERA launches, CENTERA launches that later next year accelerate that in 2017. So basically my question is how should we think about your OUS TAVR growth going forward and I had a follow-up. Thanks.
Larry Biegelsen: But Mike I’m trying to just understand more broadly, your OUS growth has slowed a little bit. And so is where – if we look even beyond 2016 do you think you can accelerate sales again or is it just we get into the lot of big numbers here, where it might be – it's good growth, but it might just kind of saw big numbers here where it might be its good growth but it might just kind of taper off over time.
Larry Biegelsen: So Mike I am really apologize so I am going to another question, but I hope you understand the spirit of the question but one of the most common questions - the stocks have about 40% year-to-date. After a few good years of performance it’s well appreciated now I think that the intermediate risk data was strong and the opportunities large. So probably the most common question, I get nowadays is why should I buy on the stock now after such a great run. So my question for you is Mike what do you say to investors who don't own the stock today and say you know I missed it all the good news is priced in? Thanks.
