Thomas Abate: Thanks Mike. This quarter, our strong sales performance, driven by the U.S. launch of SAPIEN, allowed us to achieve diluted EPS of $0.55 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.53, which exceeded the top end of our guidance.  With significant transcatheter investments and SG&A already in place, we expect our operating margin to improve significantly as sales rise. However, as Mike mentioned, due to a number of factors, we have reduced our full year projected sales for transcatheter valves, which is the driver of our $0.12 reduction to full year estimated diluted EPS. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 72.3%, compared to 71.1% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix. For 2012, we continue to expect our gross profit margin to build throughout the year as THV sales grow. For full year 2012, excluding special items, our guidance remains between 73% and 75%.  First quarter SG&A expenses were $177 million, or 38.6% of sales, an increase of 18% over the past year. This increase was driven primarily by U.S. transcatheter launch-related investments. We continue to expect SG&A to be between 36% and 39% of sales for the full year. As a percentage of sales, SG&A should trend down during the year. R&D investments in the quarter grew 16% to $69 million, or 15% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in our transcatheter valve program. For the full year 2012, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 15%.  Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 23.9%, lower than expected due to the release of reserves related to a pending settlement. Without the specific benefit, our rate was 26.6%. Excluding special items, we expect our rate to be approximately 27% for the next two quarters, and drop to approximately 22% in the fourth quarter, due to our anticipation of the federal R&D tax credit renewal. FX rates did not have a material effect on either sales or earnings in the quarter. Looking forward, if rates remain unchanged, the picture changes substantially, resulting in a $45 million negative impact to full year sales compared to last year. Free cash flow used during the quarter was $49 million. We define this as cash flow used in operating activities of $31 million, plus capital spending of $18 million. While it’s not unusual for our first quarter cash flow to be negligible, this quarter’s outflow resulted primarily from $38 million of anticipated annual excess tax benefits from stock plans, which was fully recorded in our first quarter. For full year 2012, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $240 million and $260 million.  During the quarter, we spent approximately $100 million on share repurchases, which includes $54 million for an accelerated share repurchase program. We received approximately 80% of the shares under this program in the first quarter, and will receive the balance in the second. For modeling purposes, we now project fully diluted shares outstanding to be 118 million in 2012. Turning to our balance sheet, we had total cash and cash equivalents and short term investments of $410 million, and total debt of $179 million. Short term investments were $196 million, and represent highly liquid bank timed deposits.  Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 65 days, consistent with the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 1.9, a small increase from the prior quarter. Turning to our 2012 sales guidance, at current exchange rates, for surgical heart valve therapy we continue to expect sales to be between $800 million and $830 million, which includes approximately $115 million of cardiac surgery system sales. In transcatheter heart valves, we now expect sales of $530 million to $600 million. Lastly, in critical care, we now expect sales at the bottom of the $580 million to $610 million range, which includes approximately $50 million of vascular sales. We now expect full year total sales at the low end of our original range of $1.95 billion to $2.05 billion. Excluding special items, we now expect full year 2012 net income growth of approximately 30% and diluted EPS of $2.58 to $2.68. For the second quarter 2012, we project total sales of $470 million to $500 million, and second quarter diluted EPS, excluding special items, to be between $0.64 and $0.68. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Mike.
Thomas Abate: Well, there’s a few moving parts there, and that’s where I’d say you probably don’t want to draw too much from that analysis. I think it’s an indication but there are other things in there that could throw you off. 
Thomas Abate: Sure, and Mike, it’s consistent with the idea that we got the one quarter delay. Also, some of the things in Europe, some of the dynamics that Mike talked about there, are probably more affecting what we had expected in the second half versus what we thought in the first half. So a little bit of delay there also. The other thing - and I tried to mention that with Bob - is to take that number, the math is not only THV. We move within ranges often, and so when we make a change on the bottom, there’s a little bit of change maybe in a couple of other things. So I would not take that math totally literally. It’s fair to make it an indication of the profitability, but I wouldn’t go too far with that. But indeed, as you’re suggesting, most of our change happened in the back half versus our expectations. 
Thomas Abate: In fact, we do have a substantial portion that’s already in it. But I think you nailed it in the fact that we will increase expenses. I think the best thing to look at, probably because most of this will occur in SG&A, is think about the guidance in terms of the range for SG&A. We know we’re going to see leverage there despite the fact that they’re increasing. But I don’t know how to give you a specific number in terms of another reference point. But I think that would probably be the best way to look at it. 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Tom. As we continue to expand our U.S. introduction and make progress toward the completion of several notable upcoming milestones, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long term growth opportunity represented by transcatheter valves. Nearly every day we are reminded just how impactful our SAPIEN technology is to patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis. More broadly, we believe it is our focus on innovation to address unmet patient needs that continues to create value for all of our stakeholders.  With that, I’ll turn the call back over to David. 
Michael Mussallem: Well, the level of enthusiasm continues to be very high from hospitals. I think it would be an exaggeration to say that every hospital that starts a transcatheter program needs to build a hybrid OR. They don’t necessarily have to do that. They could upgrade a cath lab if they can get sufficient air turns and so forth. So there’s other ways of getting there more economically. Many hospitals do step up and go for the hybrid, though, Bruce. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, that was a very thoughtful question, Bruce. You’re right, the causality has not be demonstrated, but it’s certainly caught the attention of physicians. We know they’re very focused on reducing the leak, because of the possibility that it might be related. So we see more emphasis on that than ever. We see people are really focused on sizing. They’re using CT more often. They’re doing more reballooning. They may even be starting to drift toward larger sizes a little bit more. So it’s just sort of a head nod to the way clinicians are reacting to that effect.
Michael Mussallem: No, I don’t know any reason to believe that it won’t be May 2nd. We think that that is clearly where they’re headed. And in terms of the amount that it’s tracking to, I’m not aware of any change to the amount. It continues to track to the high-risk surgical aortic valve replacement. 
Michael Mussallem: You know, we’re not sure exactly how that’s going to work out, Tom. Even once that NCD is out, it’s going to need to be interpreted by the local providers and I understand that actually instructions come sometime after the NCD is out, a matter of weeks later. And so I don’t know that this will be a step function, but rather something that sorts out over a period of time. Some sites did indeed delay, and others basically came in and filled their plate. So for people that stepped out of line, there’s a pretty good queue of people that stepped in behind them. So most of our slots got filled.
Michael Mussallem: I think it’s worth noting, Bob, for example, there’s expenses that also track along with that. For example, the training expense and so forth, if those don’t come on as soon. 
Michael Mussallem: The first one here, about the averages, that’s not that helpful, because it’s pretty highly variable at this point in time. The experienced centers, those that have well developed networks and referral patterns, they have the ability to do a lot of cases. The new centers - and when we gave this number of centers that were trained, the 60, that meant that they’ve been through our fundamentals training, and so in some cases the centers literally had no implants in the quarter. And so averages don’t become very meaningful. We’re in this time where there’s a pretty great variance between centers.  And as it relates to the impact that you suggested was around $10 million in the U.S. Yes, in fact, the delay of a cohort A panel and a one-quarter delay overall is worth more than $10 million, and it is indeed this ramp that is faster than we had anticipated that’s mitigating some of that impact. And that’s why only around $10 million.
Michael Mussallem: Well, let me get into southern Europe, and then maybe a comment about share. Southern Europe probably as an overall region was around flat again this quarter. For us it was actually negative. I think it was probably close to minus 20% sales growth. Again, southern Europe only accounts for probably a little less than 20% of the overall market. So you can see that it did pull down the overall growth of Europe.  In terms of the importance of 29 mm, we feel like we’re the clear share leader, and we think that having a 29 mm in the transfemoral position is going to be very important. Remember, when we got that 29 mm in the transapical position, about a year ago, it really added a lot of sales. And we think it’s going to be powerful.  And since TF is the preferred method of delivery, it might even pull some of that 29 mm TA volume away. So it’s a positive for us. We think it’s going to be a real share gainer, that drives share in the transfemoral position. We’re also excited about having the new Ascendra Plus, because it’s going to open up the transaortic delivery. And although that’s still relatively small, maybe 150 implants a quarter, it’s growing, and we haven’t had an indication thus far. So those have all largely been competitive units until now. 
Michael Mussallem: I don’t know. We don’t normally cut it that way. Let’s put it this way. You think about the volume that was done in the United States. We said about $7 million of that was clinical, so I’ll set the $7 million aside. We said out of the $34 million, a good 30% of that was stocking. So none of those stocking orders came from the large sites. So now if you further parse that down to a smaller part, out of the remaining, I would imagine the large centers made a substantial impact. I don’t know if it was half of that, but it was significant. They’re experienced, and they have well developed referral networks.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, you know, we haven’t laid out the design exactly. I’m sure you’ll get a chance to learn a little bit more about it at PCR. Obviously one of the most exciting features has been designed, and it’s a very innovative design, such that it can go through a 14-French eSheath. But in particular, it has a design feature that’s really pointed at reducing and having a substantial impact on perivalvular leak. For competitive reasons we haven’t put it out there, but at some point here it will become clear to everybody. It won’t be a secret. We’re going to be in clinical trials by the end of the year hopefully.
Michael Mussallem: We don’t know, Glenn, obviously. We just don’t have an inside track on exactly what that’s going to say. I think we’re pretty clearly on the record of agreeing with the two comments that you just made. We don’t think it should be restricted to superiority trials, and we think there should be some real care in credentialing. We think it’s more important to credential the team rather than some of the specific physician based credentialing that can be too restrictive in terms of access to patients. But we’re not going to know exactly how that works out. We’re hopeful. The good news here is there’s been a collaborative style by CMS, and we’re very pleased that they’ve taken input. But we’re, like you, anxious to see what the final language says. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, in France, in particular what we were referring to, there was a rule - and I’m probably not using the right term here - but there was a rule out that suggested there was going to be an addition of more centers in 2012, and that got postponed. So we’re expecting there are going to be approximately 10 more centers that we expect to come online later this year. And we do indeed think it will make a difference. We think there’s a lack of coverage in France without these centers. And that was a determination that was made at their government level. In terms of the positives, the U.K., you know, stepping forward. This decision that they made to pay for nonoperable patients is a real positive. And we’re already seeing that effect, even though it’s not even in effect yet. We saw a positive indication recently out of Scotland, which was great. On the downside, we still don’t have a positive indication out of Belgium, so we’re awaiting that. And we’re continuing to make slow but steady progress across Asia as we’re working through various approval processes. But nothing as meaningful as Japan to talk about at this point in time.
Michael Mussallem: I’m not sure exactly. I think you must have backed into a number, because I think what you referred to was something that I didn’t share. But what we feel like is in Europe, even with the slowdown in southern Europe, we expect it to grow in the 20-25% range this year. We think it might have grown probably 25%-plus that this year, otherwise. And last year it grew 35%.  And so considering the size of that European market, that’s still pretty significant, and if you look at penetration rates across Europe, they’re still, I would say, low and highly variable. So for example there’s a big difference between the penetration rate in many of the countries in Europe and the more penetrated countries like Germany.  So there’s still an awful lot of potential and we really are only in western Europe at this point. So the [ascension] countries are yet to be penetrated at all to speak of, let alone what might happen in Asia. So we’re still very bullish about what’s going to happen beyond this. 
Michael Mussallem: We have a little bit of experience with competitive new product launches, and in particular where we see the most acute effect is during the first year of launch. One of the things that happens during the first year of launch often is clinical trialing, and it’s not uncommon for surgeons to be willing to try a new valve. That doesn’t always stick. In some case it does, and in other cases they all retreat back to their favorite valve.  And so we expect this really to mitigate in the second half of the year, based on that impact. And also, we have a little bit of experience in Europe. That exact same valve was launched earlier in Europe and at this point that’s already anniversaried, and we grew in mid-single digits in Europe, which is probably a little faster than the market grew. And so some indication why we have some confidence. And besides that, the whole market we’re expecting might step up a little bit with transcatheter heart valves coming into the U.S. market. We would think it might give the market a bit of a lift as well. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, I think the change in sales guidance really is primarily all around transcatheter heart valves. And I think we shared that there were three components of that. One is the foreign currency. As Tom indicated, that really didn’t have much impact on the first quarter, but we expect that it’s going to have something in the neighborhood of $10 million worth of impact in transcatheter heart valves alone for the remainder of the year.  The other impact we talked about was just dynamics in Europe, and compared to our original assumptions, we think that that might be as much as something in the neighborhood of $10 million less. And then we feel like in the U.S., even though there’s what’s anticipated to be, say, a quarter delay in the approval of cohort A of the PARTNER trial. We think that does get mitigated by the strong first quarter and this ramp that we felt, that was not just driven by stocking orders, but it’s driven by real procedures and reordering. And just take a look at the $40 million number and ramp that by itself, and you can probably see why we have a level of confidence. 
Michael Mussallem: Nothing has changed in terms of our strategy. It’s a little hard to predict, because our procedures are a little higher. Remember the effect that we predicted. We said early on we would get a boost from stocking orders. So we would actually have sales higher than procedures, and then later on, when people demonstrated large volume, we would move to consignment, and that consignment effect would actually depress reported sales in the procedure driven sales, because they would go to consignment. That effect is still in place. Exactly how those two net against each other, we have models on, but we really can’t be sure. And to know exactly what’s happening on a month by month basis is pretty murky at this point. But broadly, we still stand by the same phenomenon. 
Michael Mussallem: That’s right. We try to give enough definition so that you can sort that out, but we would say it’s 70% procedure. Set aside the clinical trial of $7 million that we talked about in the U.S. Out of the remainder, 70% was procedure, 30% stocking. And we would say compared to the guidance that we provided to you, we felt like procedures came in stronger. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, we do give thought to it. There’s really no change in our strategy. We’re very consistent. We’re going to stay focused. We don’t believe that we need to diversify. We feel like there’s plenty of growth and unmet needs around structural heart disease and critical care monitoring, and so we’ll continue to look for the right opportunities. Tom talked about the fact that we did a purchase program with stock. We’ll continue to do that when we think conditions warrant it.
Michael Mussallem: We did file it. As a matter of fact, we did receive the one-year extension. So this was what we anticipated. It’s kind of an interim. You get this one year at a time. But the one year actually has happened. 
Michael Mussallem: What we’re going to have to see is exactly what the label looks like coming from FDA, and what the CMS language looks like. One of the things that was, we thought, quite encouraging in the draft NCD was the use of coverage with evidence development, which suggests a flexible NCD that would have the ability to move with the FDA indication. And we’re hopeful that that’s the case, such that the transapical procedures would be reimbursed consistent with the label. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, exactly. And I don’t have it off the top of my head, but you could probably back into it. The clinical trial has both transapical and transfemoral, though mostly TF, and the U.S. commercial sales is all TF. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, there is a bit of a ramp. So again, let me just remind you what we indicated. We said, since launch - and remember this is since the first week in November - we’ve trained 60 centers as of the end of the first quarter. So you can see that captures a little [unintelligible], but there clearly has been a ramp. And we’ve come up.  And so we’ve got a lot of hospitals that are in the queue and there tends to be a little bit of churn early on as some people were prepared and others weren’t prepared. That’s lining out. We certainly have more than enough capacity. We have the ability to ramp that. And some of this will be driven by whatever the NCD says as well. So we’ll see how it goes. Based on everything we know, we think the 150-250 tends to be real solid.  Remember there’s one other thing, that once we get cohort A approved, we’re going to ask centers that weren’t part of the PARTNER trial and already don’t have TA experience to come back through training. It might be a one day training that they come back through. So some training capacity will go into that at that point in time. 
Michael Mussallem: When hospitals come in for training, they bring patients, and typically that’s five patients that they bring in such that these are real patients that are ready to go. They can schedule the proctor right away. And sometimes can actually start cases as soon as a week after their training. So it just depends on how aggressive they are and how fast they’re ready to move.
Michael Mussallem: You know, the only thing that is approved at this point, you’re aware, is transfemoral for nonoperable patients. And so anybody that does something other than that is really doing some kind of a compassionate case. At this point, I think everybody’s clearly focused on nonoperable patients, and I’m sure there have been some cases that have been done that are not transfemoral, but I don’t know exactly what those numbers are at this point. 
Michael Mussallem: No, that’s right. But I think the NCD tries to accommodate that through coverage with evidence development. But we’ll see exactly what the new language looks like. But what is anticipated is if we were collecting data - and again, we’re supportive of this idea of collecting all patients in a registry - and if we do it in a proper fashion, that there’s a good chance for people to be paid.  Okay, thank you very much for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you David.  Thank you for joining us on today’s call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today’s press release and can also be found in the investor relations section of our website at Edwards.com.  If you missed any portion of today’s call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853, or 201-612-7415, and use account number 2995 and passcode 392053. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the investor relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
