Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. So in conclusion, we're proud of the significant progress we made in 2021, advancing new transformational therapies and delivering strong financial performance. We expect continued growth and progress in 2022. We are enthusiastic about the continued expansion of catheter-based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, which positions us well long-term success. As the global population ages and cardiovascular disease remains the number one largest health burden, we believe the opportunity to serve our patients will nearly double between now and 2028. We are confident that our patient-focused innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to patients and the health care system. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. So yes, fourth quarter started very nicely. We saw a nice momentum in October and November, and we really saw a very strong impact in December. So, it was primarily focused in the US, and it was centered around really hospital capacity. They really -- they reached their limits in many cases and started deferring procedures. We've seen that continue to lead to a slow start in 2022. So at this point, I would say sales are below what we would have typically expected for a start, probably more in line with the kind of thing that we saw towards the end of December. But having said that, our assumptions are that we're going to see more normalized growth as the hospital resource constraints stabilize. And so as Omicron we think, comes down pretty hard, we think that our full year sales guidance is still in place on our best estimate.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. It's -- we don't have great visibility to exactly what backlogs look like or what the patient flow might be. So at this point, we assume that many of the patients that are having procedures postponed or deferred are going to come back. It's not clear to us what month or what quarter we're going to see it. In our assumptions, Robbie, is that by the end of the year, that we would see all the COVID-related delays sort of return to the system.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Yes. Thanks very much. You know how we deploy these technologies. We're very hands on with them. We use a high-touch model and really try and guide clinicians to do what's right. So, we expect them clearly to be on label. That's the way that we're going to conduct our business. We're going to roll out to people that have experience that we think are very serious about treating mitral disease. And so we think it's going to be one that stays inbounds.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, I'll just add to that. I mean, if you want to think about some, just watch the impact of the pandemic on the healthcare system and on hospitals in particular. So, if that goes better, then probably has a better chance that our patients flow through faster. And if it's a greater burden have the opposite impact. So, at this point, we still think there's balanced risk in there, but a lot of it is going to depend on whether things transpire the way that we anticipate.
Mike Mussallem: Well, yes, I mean it's -- it remains to be seen exactly how this variant is going to affect the rest of the world. There's one argument that say, hey, it's a little delayed and so it will come a little bit later. But then again, it may not have the same impact because of a lot of reasons, whether it's seasonality or vaccination rates or their own safety protocols. So, a little tough to predict how it's going to roll out. But overall, we've modeled probably a little more growth OUS than US for 2022.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne. We remember that very well as well. We saw some pretty incredible surge that we really didn't expect in the second quarter. But I'll remind you, 2021 was a different picture than right now. It wasn’t Omicron. It was a different variant. Hospitals were probably in a little different position. They weren't dealing with the constraints associated with labor. And I think as you know, there's widespread nursing shortages. We think that all gets worked out over time. We think hospitals have a lot of sophistication. They're going to triage their systems and their staffing measures and ultimately find ways to treat the patients that are most in need. So we think that all gets worked out. But whether it pops in Q2, we're more hesitant than that. We really think it's going to be more of a gradual recovery.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Well, thanks, Matt. And there isn't perfect certainty here, but we get a lot of anecdotal information, and we're obviously very close to our customers. It -- the situation now and as we've gone through it in December and January here, feels very different than the early stages of the pandemic. In the early stages of the pandemic, not only did hospitals sort of shut down and close their doors, but there were patients that were very concerned, that stayed out of the system. And I'll remind you that the patients that Edwards serves are exactly the patients that are most vulnerable to COVID. And so, we sort of had the double whammy, if you will, in 2020. What we feel now is it's less about the patient behavior and more about hospitals' ability to be able to do the cases. So do we hear anecdotal notes and again, I don't have perfect information for you, Matt, but things like hospitals saying, you know what, we're just going to limit to a certain number of procedures per week or we're going to postpone procedures until next month or we're going to involve our Chief Medical Officer, and he's going to look at all the procedures that need to be done and decide in triage them and decide which ones they'll do now and which ones they do later. So you have a variety actions that hospitals are taking. But we think that the patients are there. And so that's why we feel pretty comfortable staying with our current guidance. We don't have perfect visibility, of course, Matt, but that's behind our thinking.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I think the hospitals think about that deeply, Matt, and it is a big plus if they believe that the patients don't need to consume an ICU bed and so forth or even impact hospital occupancy. So, I think it all goes into the math of those folks that are managing hospitals. But even more important for them is they're trying to serve patients properly. They're trying to think about which patients are in greater risk and how to move them through the system. So it's complex and it's highly different from hospital to hospital and region to region, Matt. So it's -- there's a pretty good variance out there, if you will. But in total, I think it's all incorporated in our guidance.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So I think much of this is going to be physicians making that judgment. And so when it's all -- when it actually comes down to it, the physician is going to be looking at this patient, they're going to realize that our PASCAL device is only approved for degenerative and they'll have to look at this particular patient and use their own judgment. We think, by and large, they're going to stay on label, but as you say, there are mixed patients. And so there's going to be some of that, that I'm sure physicians are going to have to just work through.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks very much, Josh. We typically just don't go into some of the particulars associated with the regulatory process. It tends to be complex. There's a lot of nuance to it. And I think it would just be confusing if we went into all that. And so we really -- don't have anything new to share.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. So, Cecilia, we'll start off by saying, clearly, many of the same sites that we're doing CLASP IID were involved in CLASP IIF and CLASP IITR. And so having completed enrollment in CLASP IID does mean that they probably will turn some of their attention to IIF and IITR. And so I think it's likely to be -- it's only human, it's only likely to be a boost to that. I don't think it's going to have real impact on the completion of the trial. So, -- but we're hopeful that things go well here. Of course, these same groups are working with trying to get through Omicron, which is no picnic, but we're hopeful that's short-lived. As it relates to the SAPIEN X4 or the ALLIANCE trial, remember, this is a new valve. And so this isn't simply a case of, boy, I'm just going to take all my SAPIEN 3 patients and just put this new valve. And it really is a very novel valve system. And so this is going to be one that we do with a great deal of deliberateness. And so it's going to -- there's going to be a learning curve associated with this, and so we're just going to have to work through it. We really don't have a prediction on how fast that will enroll at this time.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We're really looking forward to developing the market in China. And as you say, COVID has been a real setback in that regard because often, if we are launching a new country like that, we would bring a lot of experts from Edwards, key opinion leaders, and there virtually is no travel to China right now. So, it's just been our local team that's doing that, which doesn't make it any easier. We're excited about it. We know this too shall pass and we'll move on to it. And we're really looking forward to bringing truly premium technology to China. Well, I'm sorry, there was a -- let's see. I think that's probably -- does that answer your question, Cecilia? Yes.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Danielle. I mean, first and foremost, when we come to the US, we're going to do -- we're going to run some of the exact same playbook that we have in Europe, which is to really focus on physician training, getting great real-world results, making sure that we get patient -- excellent patient outcomes every time we do this. We're going to probably tend to be staying in the places where people have real experience. I don't know that we have a pricing policy that's been established for the U.S. launch at this point. And so we'll tell you about that once it's clear. But our focus is going to be on doing great cases for a while.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. I think you know the way that we've approached this across the board, is we really feel like the TAVR has a long way to go, and a lot of growth in front of it, and deserves a great dedicated team and TMTT opportunity is a very large one. And so the way we've gone at this is decide that we're going to have a dedicated team. Is there some halo that comes from the Edwards brand and so forth, I'd like to think so. Of course, we try and maintain a great reputation, but we don't go into it thinking about leverage so much or it's our bundled sales. That's really not our approach. We're going to sell on really trying to do spectacular procedures and get great outcomes.
Mike Mussallem: So Suraj, I'm not sure exactly what's going to be presented, but I would expect that you're going to see a pretty fulsome presentation of the data when it finally does get presented. We've said that that's going to happen in the second half of 2022. And when that happens, I think you're going to get a lot of information. You'll see almost everything related to device performance when that's presented.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. So we don't have perfect clarity on what It's going to look like in 2028. But I can tell you basically what's in our assumptions. The great bulk of this is going to be people with symptoms, with severe AS. And I don't know what percentage that is, but it is the overwhelmingly large percentage. We think that there'll be a small portion of it, which will be asymptomatic patients that are severe. We have assumed that moderate AS patients are really not much in that number. It's really negligible. And so, not really in the number at all. And so hopefully, that gives you a sense for it.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Those are all really good questions. And one thing to keep in mind is, the growth rates are all comparable to last year's growth rate, which was less than normal because it was also impacted by the pandemic. So we've been super impressed about what's going on in Europe right now. This mid-teens growth because here's technology that was improved in Europe in 2007 and to be growing at a mid-teens growth rate right now is very encouraging. And it speaks to the strength of TAVR. I mean, Europe has never had -- broadly across Europe, let's put it this way, they've never had -- so for example, TAVR per million population over 65 has been lower in Europe. Pretty good in Germany, but the rest of the country is behind. So there's been some catch-up. When we talk about Japan, we say the same thing, pretty routinely that they really probably should be doing more TAVR and have more disease. And so there's quite a bit of catch-up to go on. So there really is a big opportunity. And part of what we may be seeing is just health care systems that have typically been a little slower to adapt are coming around and fueling the growth that's a little higher. And at the same time, you have to say Omicron did hit US pretty hard.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I don't -- the short answer is I'm not prepared to talk about that at this point, Chris. I think there may be some similarities to past trials, but I don't have the specifics on it. So we're going to have to get that to you at a later date here because it's just I don't have that available now.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So thanks. For us, it doesn't feel like it's come really fast. It feels like it's come slower. We think that TAVR should be really popular in Japan, where surgery is not necessarily a preferred therapy and a great interventional procedure should have gone. There are a number of reasons that sort of slowed it down, they had tighter regulations. So for example, they limited TAVR to hybrid ORs. They required approvals by national bodies. But at the same time, there have been some really positive developments in Japan. So now that we have low-risk approval, it's really streamlined the pride and it's reimbursed, that streamlined the process for these patients to receive therapy. And so that was a big one. And slowly, but surely, there have been more centers that were added so that it covers the geography a little better. So, there's some positives there. And we're catching up. We're excited about the growth rate. But in our eyes, it should have happened sooner.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, it's a good question. Remember, when the pandemic hit and hospitals were in trouble, they really pulled back on capital spending. We saw that even most dramatically in the US. And that continued into early 2021, but it started subsiding, and we saw hospitals started recapitalizing, if you will, and we were the beneficiary of that during 2021 and even saw that affect our performance in the fourth quarter. And we've got this modern HemoSphere technology, which is really a step forward for these patients and brings together a lot of our advanced technology for patients that are needing a great recovery. So, the combination of those have been really helpful.
Mike Mussallem: It is. We think it's still a very conducive environment. Some of our people wonder whether 2022 will measure up to 2021 because it felt like 2021 might have had a little catch-up in it. So, that makes them nervous about being too bullish. But we think it's going to be a more normalized year.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, you're going to test my COVID memory a little bit here. But we felt like we were recovering from Delta. And so it had a pretty significant impact in the third quarter and that was being mitigated, to some extent, it was improving in October and improving in November. And then Omicron showed up and it changed the trend. So, that was that we were -- we went from recovering from Delta to being impacted hard and quick by Omicron.
Mike Mussallem: Okay, all. Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone.
Scott Ullem: Well, yes, Vijay, it's Scott. Thanks for the question. It's a little early to talk about where the full year is going to come in again, just because of the uncertainty of Omicron and how quickly it's going to fall off. Certainly, we feel like early prospects are different than we thought back last month at our investor conference. So, yes, we'd probably model that a little bit lower in the range. But keep in mind, because the fourth quarter came in a little bit lower, that brings us up a little bit in the range. So, still for modeling purposes, the middle of the range is probably a good place to settle.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne, for the question. So there are a couple of things going on. And we are continuing to invest in our field force, as we continue to expand to new sites in Europe. And so that's a piece of the spending that we're doing. We're also starting to build resources in the states. So it takes a while to get ready for product launch, and we're taking very seriously getting the right team in place, making sure that training is robust and that we're ready to go when the time comes. There were some other things that happened in terms of just being ready for doing things like grants, market research, some of the patient awareness initiatives and starting to fund those in the fourth quarter is also an important part of teeing up TMTT and TAVR for continued growth in 2022 and beyond.
Scott Ullem: Thanks for the question. We are seeing inflationary pressures in a couple of areas. One is just wage then, of course, materials and supplies. And so we're managing through those. Our biggest priority has been making sure that we can deliver our finished goods, our life-saving therapies to hospitals around the world. And we're really proud of our global supply chain team that's been able to navigate the challenges from shortages to logistics and still continue to be able to meet demand. And so we'll deal with the inflation. It's in our 78% to 79% gross margin guidance for the year, but we're feeling like we know what needs to get done.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Thanks for the question. I mean you can tell from our guidance, where the midpoint of our sales guidance is, call it, $1.315 billion, which is a little bit lower than our fourth quarter sales and yet our EPS were forecasting in a higher range. And so, the difference is going to be really in the cost lines. And we think that a lot of the SG&A that we pulled forward in the fourth quarter will probably not show up in the first quarter as a result. And that's really the biggest driver of the increase in EPS that we're expecting and guiding to in Q1.
