Mike Mussallem: Thanks Scott. We're very pleased with our strong year-to-date performance despite the headwinds associated with the pandemic. And as patients and clinicians increasingly choose transcatheter valve therapy, we remain optimistic about the long-term growth opportunity. We are committed to aggressively investing in our focused innovation strategy, because we believe there is a broad group of patients still suffering from Structural Heart disease and the pandemic's impact will wane. We remain confident that the innovative therapies resulting from our investments will continue to drive strong organic growth in the years to come. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. No, it's a great point, Vijay, and it is one of the pluses that's associated with TAVR that, often there isn't an ICU stay. But when we watch what happens with various hospitals and sometimes whether it's for staffing reasons or just the fact that they're swamped with COVID patients, they will just put up the stop sign and decide that they're just not going to do procedures and whether they are elective or resource consuming or not. We're probably more impacted by the ICU capability. But it's not always the case. Sometimes it's just broadly across the hospital so I don't have one answer for all because it tends to be a little bit more snowflakes with this hospital being a bit different, but hopefully it provides you with a little bit of color.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Bob. It's a really good question. You're probably stay close to our team that watch daily sales each day and adjust their own feelings based on how things change almost on a daily basis. And things, it gets tough. And I hate to get too granular, but the things are a little better today than they were even earlier in the month. But I hate to get too granular on that, Bob. In general, we tried to give you some information. I let you know that October was not so dissimilar than the end of Q3. So, it's not -- we didn't want to send a signal that all of a sudden October is back to the kind of thing that we were experiencing in Q2. So, we're not experiencing that kind of an environment yet, but we're overall optimistic. I mean, we talked to a lot of folks, anecdotally, obviously these -- the trends that I mentioned of Delta, improving is something we think is going to pay off, we think. Often that -- maybe TAVR is a bit of a trailing indicator of what's happening with COVID, that the cases ultimately turn into ICU stays, and it probably affects our caseload a little bit later, but that's a bit speculative on our part.
Mike Mussallem: We don't have clarity on when the timing for that will be we say it'll be next year. We're sticking with our date and our belief that we will have approval by the end of next year. But we really don't have clarity on when it's going to be presented. That'll be one that we'll hopefully, we'll have a little bit more visibility when we get to the investor conference, Bob. I'm trying to give you a sense for it at that time.
Mike Mussallem: The short answer is no, it's been very similar feeling that we've had throughout the year that was the case in the past. We continue to think that the top two competitors make up about 85% of the sales in Europe, and all the rest, which is a full complement of competitors, make up the other 15%. We really haven't seen any significant shifts in that, if that's helpful.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Josh, you're on a key point, and we do talk about it quite a bit inside. We don't have perfect visibility and perfect data. So much of what we rely on our anecdotal reports when we spent a lot of time with our customers and front-line clinical specialists to try and gain some kind of perspective. It's tough for us to nail the timing and magnitude of this, but clearly, we feel like we got a small lift in Q2 from patients that came into the system that had probably deferred care. If we reflect back on the total pandemic when things first stopped back in 2020, back in the March/April timeframe, it's difficult for us to say that we saw those patients come back into the system. But differently, it felt like the -- last winter's patients did, indeed  some of those. some small quantity showed up and supplemented Q2. It's not a giant number but its additive, and we speculate the similar kind of thing might happen as a result of the patients that have deferred care during the Delta variant. During the Delta variant we're speculating again, we may indeed have had these patients that actually saw their physicians and got diagnosed but that the actual treaters in regional hotspots weren't there to provide the therapy. So, we think there is some reason why this might come back exactly when it might come back is very difficult but as COVID wanes, were hoping that indeed, we see a similar phenomenon as we saw in Q2.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Josh. I wish I could tell you the problem was low risk. We think there's an under-treatment problem across all the risk spectrums, whether it's high risk, intermediate risk, or low risk for surgery. We're still -- I think early innings is a good way to characterize it. We still think that there are many patients that should be receiving therapy that don't. It's for a variety of reasons and in many cases, they are just not aware of the option of TAVR being available for them and being an appropriate for them. And so, it's a key initiative for us, we've been progress, but the progress has been slow and steady and we're not close. I don't know if I would put tremendous stock in that penetration number. In general, we think penetration rates across the border are even worse than that.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. No, your observation was correct. We saw a far more impact in the U.S. than we saw in Europe. Our colleagues in Europe, by comparison, were pretty healthy growth rates. And you'll notice in my comment that if you go back to Q3 of last year, it's not as though Europe was really doing poorly. They actually had a growth quarter versus 2019. I think all I want to say high-single-digit growth or something last year. So, this is growth on top of that growth, which is pretty significant considering this therapy was introduced in Europe back in '07, it's pretty mature. And here we are still growing even during a pandemic. They, for whatever reason, have the Delta variant didn't seem to impact the European centers the same way it did in the U.S.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. Yes. No. As we indicated, we're looking forward to having PASCAL approved and again it would be approved for DMR by the end of '22 in our views. We're already taking some of the initial steps to build some capabilities and will assemble a dedicated field team and we will be implementing our high-touch model. And they are really -- we're going to focus on just getting excellent real-world outcomes. We're going to take advantage of all the learnings that we've had from launching TAVR around the globe and launching TMTT in Europe. In general, we do consider PASCAL a premium therapy and would also implement our premium pricing plan that would be consistent with what we've done elsewhere in the world. Hopefully, that gives you a little color on how we would approach this.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Danielle. It's a little early to say, this is going to be an interesting evolution. In some cases, the same people that do TAVR will might do mitral cases and other there's dedicated teams. It's a little too early for us to say we're going to get into it. We'll have more to talk about when we're together at the investor conference. But right now, I really don't have any specific color for you.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. So, we were very pleased to get the low-risk reimbursement approval. That happen ed mid-quarter, I want to say, sometime in the August. There are indeed new centers that get added. Those get added on a pretty deliberate basis. And those new centers tend to be slow to ramp up. There are significant regulatory requirements that are necessary to fire up new centers. But having said that, it's a dramatically under-treated disease in Japan. They have a very large elderly population. And when we think about it in terms of, for example, TAVR per million, we say, "Boy, there's still a long way to go. " So, we're very pleased at the growth rate, the growth rate in Japan was even higher than our international growth. And the reimbursement is important. It's an important key. It's exciting to be able to get that and hopefully that begins helping Japanese clinicians redefine the importance of TAVR for their patients and I think we've got to take it for granted that low-risk was -- is already present in other places around the world but it just has been in Japan until this last quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. You might recall Cecilia, that early on we said that there was impact on our trial enrollments. We're not experiencing that the same way during this flare up of Delta. It doesn't make it easier, but hospitals have done a nice job of adjusting and adapt. They have very committed teams. And so, whether it's our trials in TAVR, our trials in TMTT, it feels like we've done well. We basically feel that our trials' timing has not been impacted by this latest surge.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Larry and as you might imagine, it's difficult to estimate shares, but frankly, we haven't really gone into this thinking that that's our focus. Our focus has been to get outstanding clinical results. And we focus on that both within our trials and within our commercial experience, and that's where we've pushed our team. And when you ask me what's it going to take to get your share up, it's going to be impressive clinical results. That will show up 2 ways, one in the day-to-day experiences of clinicians and patients and the other is when they actually get a chance to see some of our results. And you see more and more data that is going to become available over time as you see clinical information. So even at the upcoming TV -- or TCT, I think you'll see more information on some of our early clinical experience. At this point, we're not even in every country in Europe but our focus just to underline the point again is not on share. This is a really big opportunity. There are so many patients with mitral regurgitation and there's many that are just not indicated not being well-served today. That's where our focus is.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Adam. Yeah, when we talked about our results, whether it was our global results or our U.S. results, what we said it was broad-based, but the procedure volume, growth, and the Edwards growth were comparable. We really didn't see anything that was noteworthy here in terms of talking about share. So, we've mentioned before that we have a full complement of competitors in Europe. And so that may be some kind of a leading indicator, but we just haven't seen anything in the data in the U.S.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. I'll just pile on there, Anthony. Thanks, it's a good question. If you go back, historically, in the early days of TAVR, we really counted on the physicians that did TAVR to educate their referring base d. And that's the way that we counted on the word getting out and I don't know we were under the impression that that actually would be sufficient. But we've learned over the years that that's dramatically insufficient. And so, as Scott said, we've gone on a number of roads here to make sure that the referral base is, indeed, educated. We've made some good progress there, although, we're far from satisfied in terms of where we are right now. But to be really specific, going all the way upstream to consumer, we do believe that that could be a valuable lever. We're specifically doing some experimenting in that regard and maybe have some more specific things to share with you when you come to the Investor Conference.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks. So, it's a good question, Joanne. I mean, if you were to ask our teams here, you're going to keep growing at 17%. I think they'd say, no, that's not realistic. That we got some help this quarter by some large U.S. capital orders that really helped out. And that made a difference. Now, overall, are we pleased with what's going on in Critical Care? Is there more innovation than ever? Are they sustaining a pretty healthy growth rate that are better than I think med-tech averages? I think all of those are true, and we're very proud of that, or we're going to continue hitting it hard in that regard. But in terms of being able to maintain these kind of growth rates that we did in this quarter. That's not likely.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Pito. We've said this before, so I apologize for taking you through it again. But remember there is character -- this characterization of patients by high risk, intermediate risk and low risk, was a characterization done by FDA as a regulatory pathway for TAVR to help make sure that the oldest sickest patients were treated first at the highest risk to try and minimize the risks associated with the new therapy. If you were to -- when you actually look at any patient, their key concern is not whether there are risks surviving surgery. It's -- what is the risk for survival? What is it liking the live with TAVR versus live with aortic stenosis? And that's the real question. We spend less time, and frankly clinicians and patients, spend less time talking about whether they are low-risk or intermediate. We really don't differentiate in that regard. Having said that, what do we think -- how did patients behave in the third quarter? We -- as I tried to infer before, we don't have perfect visibility there, but we think they were indeed seeing another doctor, they were indeed getting diagnosed, they were indeed getting screened. But there were a number of cases where the treating hospitals themselves just stopped taking patients, and that was the primary impact in the quarter.
Mike Mussallem: We really haven't gotten specific on that. We really don't have specific comments. But as you might imagine, we're committed to -- when we say that we believe that we're going to have 2D approved by late 2002, that naturally infers that we're close to having our enrollment completed, and that will allow us to prepare for the PMA and go through that process. So, a lot of that has to happen. We'll get into a little more granularity when we're together at the investor conference.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question. I don't have personal knowledge of that trial, and so I can't really comment about it. The AHA are a strong organization and good partners and I think they really care about patients with AS. But I am not sure precisely what trial that you're referring to both -- you know how we feel about asymptomatic patients. We feel like these are patients that should be treated. The decide via of differing treatment and waiting for symptoms as an outdated thought process. And we're very committed to change that through rigorous clinical trials.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mike, and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone.
Scott Ullem: Bob I'll just check on something that Mike said. Which is if you just roll forward, what things have been trending like in October, the growth rate for Q4 and TAVR looks a lot like it did for Q3, which is, call it 14%. So, like Mike said, it's moving around, we're watching it carefully and try not to overreact are under react to what the daily sales trends looks like. But if you had to call it right now, that's sort of what the trend looks like. And then for the full year, it gets you to something nearer the 20% underlying growth rate that we've talked about for all of 2021.
Scott Ullem: We do think gross margin has room to improve from, as does operating margin, keep in mind we're already starting from relatively strong margins compared to our industry. So, our priority has been investing aggressively on internal growth more so than on trying to expand margins. But I do think there's going to be opportunity for those margins to gradually, incrementally, slowly expand over time. And it's something that we try to think carefully about. Short-term though, to your question about COVID, it's been remarkable, our margins have remained pretty stable despite the fact that sales are down relative to pre - Covid levels. Because expenses are down as well, largely driven by things that are happening out in the field. So, travel, meetings, attendance at various different societies and events. And so, it's been kind of a natural hedge against the sales headwinds that we've seen from COVID. and we're benefiting from that. To be honest though, we'd like to see expenses go back up along with sales because it's an indication that the environment is more normalized, that we're able to invest aggressively that we can enroll our clinical trials at the higher rates that we saw pre-COVID. And so that's the way we're thinking about margins overall.
Scott Ullem: Well, I guess by definition, the comps are important just as we think about growth rates, but it sort of ties back to Vijay's question earlier on about when do we start seeing COVID more in the rearview mirror and less in the windshield, and to the extent that that lessens as we get to the end of the fourth quarter, beginning the first quarter, for example, then prospects for 2022 growth are going to be higher. If COVID is playing a more meaningful role in certain regions or hotpots that are more noticeable then, that's going to impact our growth overall. That's probably the biggest uncertainty that we have going into 2022, because overall, we feel really positive about the growth prospects for TAVR in the U.S. and Europe and Japan and in the rest of the world. One of the things that we're talking about earlier with this low-risk penetration while it's difficult to calculate the actual penetration. Remember the timing on low risk, where we have the data for low-risk, we're PARTNER 3 at ACC in 2019, we got approval in the third quarter of 2019 and shortly thereafter, COVID became a factor. It interrupted our growth for TAVR. And so, we haven't really had this period that's uninterrupted from COVID for any extent of time since we got the low-risk approval and it's one of the reasons why we think they're just great growth opportunities longer-term for TAVR.
Scott Ullem: Yes, thanks, Anthony, relating to the investor conference, we're expecting to provide guidance for the top line and the rest of the income statements. Typically, we talk about sales dollar ranges and underlying growth rates based upon our forecast for how the year is going to end up when we get to December. And we'll also talk about margins, gross margin, operating margins, and whatever other financial metrics we've got clarity enough on to guide to. As it relates to DTC, I'll start and then Mike can offer perspective as well. We think that market activation and inspiring more patients to come into, get treated is a really important part of the future and the long-term growth of TAVR, and so, we are already investing some resources around getting directly to patients, to primary care physicians, to referring physicians, and we'll be doing more of that in the future. It's not aimed specifically at a patient in a particular risk category. We're trying to get to all patients who have severe symptomatic aortic stenosis, and we expect that's going to be an important driver of growth.
Scott Ullem: Sure, I'll tackle that one, Joanne. Thanks for the question on use of cash. Really, our priorities have not changed. Our first priority is to fund prospects for long-term organic growth that are generated internally and we want to make sure that we're fully funding those platforms. We supplement that with external investments, so we'll buy small sized early-stage companies, usually pre -revenue. Sometimes we invest in options to acquire companies based upon certain milestones or targets being met. And so, beyond growth internally and externally than we looked at the balance sheet. And we've been a consistent repurchase of shares as you know, we're going to continue to do that opportunistically. And we think that's going to be an important way that we can give capital back to shareholders over time.
Scott Ullem: That's a good question. And like TAVR and other businesses, a lot of this is going to depend upon how much of a factor the Delta variant plays in the fourth quarter. There are a couple of different elements to our TMTT businesses right now. One is our commercial position in Europe, where we're selling PASCAL primarily. And then the other is clinical trial enrollment where there is reimbursement in the U.S. What we're looking for is for there to be a normalization of patient flow in both Europe and the U.S. And that's really going to be an important determinant for where things go in the fourth quarter, we're expecting sequential growth in Q4, and that will contribute to where we end up in that range of 80 to a $100 million in expected full year sales.
