Mike Mussallem: So in conclusion, we're very proud of the significant progress we made in 2019 advancing new transformative therapies and delivering strong financial performance. We continue, we expect continued growth and progress in 2020. We're enthusiastic about the continued expansion of transcatheter based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, which positions us well for longer-term success. Edwards is fortunate to have a strong leadership position focused on serving patients who today have few treatment options for longer and better lives. We believe our patient focus innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to patients, healthcare systems, and shareholders. This year will mark the 20th anniversary of Edwards Lifesciences as a public company, and acknowledgement of this milestone, we will host our Annual Investor Conference at the New York Stock Exchange on December 10. We'll share more details on that event as we get closer. And with that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bob. I think it feels like it was a continuation of the momentum that we started to feel in the third quarter. It was broad across all segments. As we mentioned, there are more than 700 sites at this point. But we saw that growth, whether it was in new sites or some of our mature sites that are quite large centers. We think that it came across the risk spectrum and it wasn't just low risk patients coming into it, that indeed, it was patients of all risk profile. And even though there was clearly a switch from surgery to TAVR in a number of cases, we think the predominant effect was new patients coming off the sideline for treatment.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks. Well, as you know, Bob, this litigation is playing out in several countries over an extended period of time. So there's going to be a lot of stories. In fact, there was a recently completed trial in the U.K. and there's a decision that's pending on that, probably sometime in Q1. In Germany, there's going to be a couple of hearings, I think the first one to start at March, with results to follow. So and I think there's a possibility for U.S. hearing beyond that.
Mike Mussallem: I’m not sure that I'm tracking with you on the difference in the numbers, David. So maybe you're seeing something that I'm not, but I can make some general comments anyway. Although we did see a little bit in Osaka, Japan in the third quarter, it was minor by comparison, and we say generally OUS that the procedure growth in the market and our growth was pretty comparable. And it's hard for us to be exact in predicting that but we think that they're pretty close to each other. And there really was an appreciable difference in ASP either.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks David. Well, if you were asked the folks with the surgical business, they would say they're feeling what's going on right now. But again, we think that there's kind of a step-up in procedures in TAVR. And we think the bulk of that step-up is new patients coming off the sideline as opposed to switching from surgery, hard to quantify that, is it two-third, one-third, I don't know. But it's something that probably feels closer to that from our perspective. So although we're going to feel it or we're feeling it today in surgical, we feel like we rebound from that as we kind of anniversary the surgeon growth.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Raj. Yes, I mean the new centers added, but it really was broad based. There's I couldn't say that they were a primary driver of growth. We saw it across the board. We saw it in our large centers that were some of the very first partner centers from beginning of TAVR all the way through every people that have started more recently and in between.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so we were very committed to this. We feel like we have differentiated technology. We have a high-touch model. And we're executing this price discipline. And we're going to continue to do that, we know that there's not a lot of data out there today but we think ultimately that will prove to be the case. We obviously have confidence in this strategy. For us, it's more important to build toward long-term leadership, we're committed and feel confident in the estimate that we gave you that will have $50 million to $70 million of TMTT sales in 2020. So hopefully, that's a reflection of how we feel.
Mike Mussallem: Well, thanks, Larry. So two different things. One is we think it's going to continue and how important is it for Edwards. You know us pretty well by now, we are not a financially driven company that just is driven only to hit a number. We really feel like when we focus on great therapies for patients and we get that just right that the numbers end-up taking care of itself and it has played out on a long-term basis. Having said that, I have a lot of confidence in our future. When you start with our biggest product area of TAVR, that continues to be one that has a lot of growth associated with remember that we said more than $7 billion by 2024, which infers a double-digit growth rate. We believe that TMTT which is a brand new addition to our portfolio has an opportunity for overall market to be $3 billion by 2024. So when you think about us pursuing a $10 billion opportunity out in 2024, it makes me feel pretty good about our prospects ahead.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question. We started our sales in October, it was interrupted. We had basically stopped supply during November and we restarted in December. If we wouldn't have had that, we certainly would have had higher sales growth and maybe growing modestly off of Q3. Overall, we feel good about the market opportunity. As you probably know, there's been more growth in the U.S. than there has been outside the U.S. And so probably this MITRA-FR is having some kind of impact in Europe. But we hope that we'll be able to influence that as they get to see or they get to see results from the PASCAL system. And again, when we look forward at our own results, we expect to regain momentum in Q1 and start focusing on new site activation again.
Mike Mussallem: I can't tell you for certain number, we expect there to be some data. So for example, in TMTT, we expect there to be an update on some of the early clasp studies. So both longer-term data and more patients added maybe some data on PASCAL tricuspid and Cardioband tricuspid. So there could be those, in terms of whether we'll see two-year data on PARTNER 3, it's too early to say I don't know that there's anything official yet. So we really can't say anything until it's clear.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Kris. You know what, there may be some confusion there. I don't believe we ever indicated breakthrough pathway for SAPIEN M3, what we said is that we expect to be going to clinical trial, what I just updated is that indeed is proceeding we expect to have our first patients in Q2. But bigger picture here we're very excited about having two pretty impressive transseptal replacement programs both that are transfemoral and small profile. Ultimately those that M3 trial will go up on clintrials.gov. But there's still some details being ironed out.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Jason. Well, I mean clearly we wouldn't be where we are today, if it wasn't for a greatly improved procedure, this procedure has really gotten to deliver incredible outcomes. And it's also demonstrated to be a teachable procedure, so that people that are starting new are able to stand on the shoulders of those that went before them and deliver really good results right from the beginning. And with that acknowledgement, we've had some favorable rulings and in terms of the interpretation by CMS, and with that came an updated NCD, which allows more centers to become qualified for it. If we were to look forward, we would say that maybe up to 850 have the ability to qualify as a TAVR center and again, we're not sure that all those 850 are going to go for it.So it depends on their own site. But bigger picture, you asked the question, can we get the kind of growth necessary with let’s put for example, 850 centers in the U.S., we think absolutely yes. Centers a lot of what has to change is not just center capacity, but the behavior of patients and physicians and the system and patients actually with severe aortic stenosis getting treated. And there are a number of places where the system is less than ideal. We're trying to be an assist to that but we see it getting better on a regular basis.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, well, thanks Matt. It's a little tough for us to tell how fast the centers are going to join, we saw pretty good growth in center. I think the last time we had reported on it, we said more than 650. So you can see where we are now. Yes, we look forward and try and interpret the NCD, our estimate is that about 850 centers would be qualified to do it, how many do those actually go for it and how fast they act is hard for us to know. If we're guessing we'd say we get to that kind of 850-ish number, maybe over the next year or two something like that. And so that gives you some insight, but we can't be certain.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Matt. Well, you know how difficult it is for us to predict quarters and we always hate to take one month and to do anything important with it. But we'll just say this, you can see what our revenue assumption is for TAVR for full-year 2020 and we think it is that the growth rate is likely to decrease during the course of the year as we anniversary the growth rates.And that assumption is that probably Q1 TAVR looks similar to Q4 in terms of revenue dollars. You'll have to remember there was a big step-up in Q4 versus Q3. And we saw a similar trend last year going from Q4 2018 to Q1 2019. So it's hard to know for certain, but maybe that's helpful.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question, Vijay. It's difficult for us to know. Do we stay at double-digits? Do we dip below it, either of those are certainly possibilities. The growth is so strong. I mean, the good news is there going to be more TAVRs done in the second half of 2020 than ever done in history. And so in terms of procedures per day, those are going to be records. Now how much growth is there over this year? It's not clear, but we've given you the probably the best guidance we can in terms of annual growth rates.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, good question. We don't look at it that way in terms of average number for a center, as you might imagine, there is a great difference Suraj between the amount of procedures done in a very large center and one that’s small. So those are different. The thing that has been remarkable to us is the ability to have centers to add capacity. They have found a way to manage, they add more cases per day, sometimes they add on a day. Actually, it's been quite a test for our team and I'm so proud of our team has found the ability, you know we have a high-touch service model.So we're in every one of these cases, so as they grow for us to have the ability for example to flex in the U.S. and cover 40% growth versus the prior-year was a heavy lift for us. But what happens is more patients show up the line, the list gets to be pretty long then hospitals react to that by adding capacity and so far we've been impressed about their ability to do that.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, no we didn't mention the M3 competitor arm, so that that trial design is still one that has not been finalized. And we just decided it's prudent for us not to communicate it till it's really final. So at some point that will be published at clintrials.gov and you'll see it. So we'll let you know.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Rick. Yes, first of all, obviously our key concern is always for our employees and patients. We feel we've been fortunate so far, we haven't had any impact to employees inside Edwards that we're aware of and we've been able to maintain our supply line. So at this point, you're right, China's not really huge for us. It's still just a small percentage of Edwards sales, but we don't expect there to be a significant change at this point from what's going on with the coronavirus but we stay watchful.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks Rick. Well, you know we’re big believers and the opportunity for transcatheter mitral therapies. And so whenever there's movement and a new regulatory approval for the whole field, that's the positive. So we're glad to see that, you know about our portfolio. We're very focused on it. We're just pleased, we think what's going to be most meaningful is when we have these smaller transfemoral type systems, we think those are the things that really cause a change in behavior of patients and physicians and so we keep our eye on that, but any kind of favorable movement is good. And I think there is a general openness to innovations within the mitral, within mitral disease.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. Well, so Danielle, as we indicated, we believe that our growth was comparable to the growth that was going on in overall procedures whether that was in the U.S. or OUS, so from our point of view, not a no real change of significance in our share position in the last quarter. Now there may have been changes in share position with between our competitors, but we really don't have clear visibility to it. When we gave our guidance in December, we indicated there will probably be some modest share loss in 2020. So that's, you have to play out. We didn't, we also expected that to happen in 2019. It didn't really.And so it may have been just delays on the part of our competitors, but we know they're still early in their launch process.
Mike Mussallem: We’re seeing big share shifts, we obviously watch it very carefully. And that's not such a fast moving market that we don't feel like we have a reasonable handle on it. So yes, it does feel reasonably stable at this point.
Mike Mussallem: That a good question. I'm not sure that I really have data at my fingerprint, at my fingertips on that one. My sense is that varies significantly. There are some centers that probably start up that are primarily Edwards. And there are others that may start up with others. We just say when we look at our overall growth in the U.S. the 40%, there was a nice addition from those new centers. But again, it was just we saw kind of across the board.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. So I can begin here and let Scott to give out what our 2020 guidance looks like in SG&A. I mean, we try and stay one-step ahead of what we see as procedure growth, we add resources that we think would commensurate and when we have fast growing businesses like TAVR and what we anticipate in TMTT, we try and stay a little bit ahead of that. Having said that, we still think that there's probably some leverage on the SG&A line, we maintain a high level as you properly noticed of case coverage, and we're in every case. But having said that, maybe Scott, you're best to comment what our guidance is for SG&A for 2020.
Mike Mussallem: Yes thanks, Matt. And you know what Scott started going down this path. There's three broad, or a few broad categories here. One is educating patients themselves, other is trying to help the referral pathway, be better educated, that continues to be a priority for us. We also have a team that helps systems and have better echo findings and make sure that their referral pathways actually work. We have a benchmark program that allows centers to operate at maximum efficiency. So it's pretty broad base as Scott mentioned, we've got a new initiative with the American Heart Association. It’s broad based, I'd rather be trying detail here, you should know that that is an area of new investment.
Mike Mussallem: Enrollment cadence looks like, we're excited about the technology. But we're not in a position yet where we're going to disclose timelines or predict how these early stage early feasibility studies and ultimately pivotal trials are going to enroll.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards and Scott, Mark and I welcome any additional questions.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Thanks, Jason. So I guess you had two questions. One was leverage on increased sales. The second wasthe impact of moving Cardioband. On the first one, so we've increased the midpoint of our sales guidance range by $50 million. And we increased earnings per share, midpoint of the range by $0.10. So that gives you a sense of the leverage that we're putting through the P&L. We are planning to accelerate some investments with some of the expected incremental sales. Regarding your second question about gross profit, yes, we've taken some decisions in the fourth quarter involving our production operations, including migrating production from Israel for Cardioband product to other Edwards facilities, including our new facility in Ireland.And so you saw that show up in the fourth quarter results, which were a little bit lower than we expected. And it's reflected in 2020. But our guidance for 2020 for gross profit is unchanged at 76% to 77%.
Scott Ullem: Sure, thanks. So first question regarding where we invested extra dollars. Relative to, I guess our expectations at the beginning of the quarter, about two-thirds of the incremental investment reflected in operating expenses. They included things like disease awareness and therapy adoption initiatives. I’ll just give you one example, there was announcement by the American Heart Association, November regarding an initiative that they're undertaking that we're supporting. And then we've also been adding field resources to support significant growth. You don't grow 40% in the U.S., for example NCD growth that we are expecting in Europe without also putting in resources to help support the high-touch model that we have in place.So those probably two-thirds and then the other third is probably showed up in cost of sales. I mentioned those earlier the European medical device regulations and the migration of Cardioband production. Regarding our cash balance, our philosophy and our strategy for deploying capital is not changed. We've got a number of priorities. The first one is investing in our global supply chain to support the growth of Edwards. Second, investing externally in things like acquisitions, strategic alliances, purchasing options to buy other companies. And then third, managing the balance sheet. So we're going to continue to be a buyer of Edward stock over time and opportunistically will be executing share repurchases to help offset dilution and over time as well manage the share count down.
Scott Ullem: So it's a little bit difficult to predict gross margin progression throughout the year because a lot of it ends up getting tied to our TAVR performance. But maybe I can help the least with the baseline on Q4 and explain what happened Q4 2019 versus Q4 2018, where we had about 30 basis points of higher FX and hedge gains in the fourth quarter of 2019, we did in 2018, we had about 40 basis points of mixed benefit that showed up in the fourth quarter offset by those higher operating costs that we mentioned earlier in Israel and with European MDR. So if you look up to 2020, we're expecting to continue to get mixed benefit that shows up on gross margin, it can be 50 to 100 basis points or even more. But generally, I think it's probably relatively flat during the course of the year, at least for modeling purposes. That's the right assumption at this point.
Scott Ullem: I guess I'd say 28% to 29% for 2020. But in addition to the field, clinical support and selling resources that are around the field, we're also doing work around patient education regarding the severity of aortic stenosis and treatment options, the benefits of TAVR and we're doing outreach to referring physicians on therapy options available today. And so, there are other activities and expenses associated with those activities beyond just the field resources we talked about earlier.
