Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Raj. Good question. I think it's just more of the same. There is continued interest on the part of hospitals; they've been wanting to get involved. They've all been looking very hard at how they can comply with the NCD and I think a number of them have just found a way to clear the hurdles. That's the primary driver.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, there's not much to report at this point, Raj. I can't say that we have really felt the presence very much at this point, so we are very fortunate that we have this first-mover advantage and we like the clinical preference that we think is going to be there. And so we're feeling pretty good at this point. We're certainly ready for them.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, isn't it fair to say, Scott, that in that estimate we really have taken the reserves out of it? That's our estimate of what's going to actually happen and so you'll see that in our non-GAAP results, right, and that's what our guidance was about.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. We probably have some upsides that could show up in 2014. It could have to do with product approvals. There could be just continued data that continues to be presented from Edwards that's stronger than our competitors. But you're right in your observation that many of the upsides that I shared will occur possibly outside of 2014. In 2014, I think one of the things that will be most interesting is – and there's a little list here. One, within transcatheter heart valve, just how do we stack up competitively in Europe and in the U.S. So how does Edwards do with SAPIEN 3 versus the new competitors that are going to show up in the U.S.? How does Edwards do especially with SAPIEN XT versus our first competitor after a couple of years? And then that very nice momentum in surgical heart valves, how well does that continue? We feel like some of the factors were dragging the growth rate at Critical Care should be behind us to lift that growth rate. So I think there's a number of indicators to watch.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we've got a pretty good supply out there and we're converting people right now. There's strong excitement and so people would like to go quickly. The features of this valve are something they find very attractive. In terms of will it be a share gain, in many accounts we are on the shelf with the competitor. So this is a chance for us actually for people to reach for SAPIEN 3 more often. So I think it does have an opportunity to have a share impact probably pretty early on here. We think it really is a best-in-class and we think once people try it that they're going to be excited about it. It's still early on, Rick, so it's tough to give you much than that but right now they're anxious to get their hands on it.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think it's similar, Rick. I mean we're just two months out from where we were before, so obviously here we are two months closer saying pretty much the same thing from a timing perspective. So I guess that does express some level of confidence. But yes, we're still feeling pretty good about that. But it is a regulatory process, so we're never positive just when that will come.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we are hopeful that indeed when that approval comes we're working with FDA. We ask for both and we're hopeful that that's the way that it comes out. We think certainly that the data supports that, but we can't be sure.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, as I said earlier, we expect to begin shortly. Our compliments to them if they really do have some early success here. We chose to do our first in human in places that have rigorous regulatory processes and we got some questions related to the preclinical data, but we believe we've answered all the questions and really do believe that we're going to begin shortly. So, we feel good about this. This is a big opportunity and we're anxious to get started to find out just exactly where we stand. I think the competitive landscape there is one that will unfold probably pretty deliberately over time. I think it's pretty tough to make a call where anybody is competitively at this stage of the game.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Jason. Probably the single biggest thing is going to be the approval of XT. Once we have clarity on the approval of XT in the U.S., that's probably the single outstanding variable. Second biggest to that is probably just – as we get more clarity on how our competitors are behaving and their launches in Europe and the U.S. and maybe we'll get a little bit more clarity than we have today. But the single biggest one will be that and I hope we have it under our belt by the time we get to the second quarter call. That will put us in a position to have a shot here and tighten things up.
Michael A. Mussallem: All right, Jason, I'm going to make sure that I answer your questions accurately here as we go through it. So, first of all in Europe, what we specifically reported on was our OUS results. So OUS sales grew 28% and that was driven by very strong transfemoral growth. If you peel it back, I would say Europe grew in the low teens for us in 2013. And so we're pretty pleased with that. Well, I think when we talked about it going into the year, we were expecting a market growth of around 10 and our own growth to be less than that because of competitive reasons and we certainly came out much stronger, some of this driven by the real momentum that we have in the fourth quarter. So that's broadly where that stands. I don't know if that answers your question. I expect there to be pretty good growth in 2014 as well. I don't know, I would hope that it might be in the 10% range. As it relates to pricing, we think our pricing has been pretty solid. We have noted in the past that we had an ASP decline, was probably in the 3% range, probably driven mostly by the volume discounting we do. With the advent of SAPIEN 3 we expect to be able to introduce those products at the same price as SAPIEN XT. So, I think you should think that pricing is going to stay pretty stable in 2014.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, the 29 millimeter valves in our view is very meaningful. I think if you think back to the days when we first introduced it in Europe, we saw a real uptick. We got it first in the transapical position then transfemoral and that ticked off. And then we – it feels like a lot of the share that we're gaining in Europe right now is in the 29 millimeter sizes. It seems to stack up pretty well competitively. So, I don't know exactly what that percentage is. It probably is in the sort of – I don't know, plus 20% probably in the 29. But I'd say the majority of patients get covered between 23 to 29, we'd estimate that close to 95% of the patients are addressed.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, Danielle, I don't know how to sort of explain this more clearly. We're really excited about mitral. It's a really big opportunity. We're beautifully positioned but it is really hard to put timelines on it at this stage of the game. We really don't have our first in human experience underneath our belt. And until we see what that looks like, we're just not going to know what kind of timeline. You could think optimistically that if everything is perfect then you just keep going right to CE Mark, but you very easily could be in a redesign as well and we just don't know the answers to those questions yet. So, I think it's premature, Danielle, to dial in too many specific sales here in the near future.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think in most of our contracts where we price our clinical units around $25,000, Brooks, if that helps.
Michael A. Mussallem: You know what, it feels to us that Japan is right on track, just exactly what we expected. As I noted, there is this certification requirement so we're thinking right now that we're going to get limited to adding four accounts per month. So from that perspective, yes, it's backend loaded. But we feel good about the $40 million to $50 million range. That range is tracking at least with the experience we have so far which is I guess four months under our belt. It looks like it's just stacking up just the way we thought it would.
Michael A. Mussallem: We continue to be surprised with the data that's being collected out there. There are country registries that are going on. This study that you referenced coming out of Germany that's going to be presented at the ACC is one that's going to be interesting and we don't know the results of that. And there's also quite a bit of data that's being presented now in the surgical space. Some good stuff for us and some things that aren't necessarily complementary for some other valves of our competitors. So broadly we think we're on pretty solid ground here and like to think that the more that our products are studied, the more that – the best of Edwards is going to show. But I wasn't trying to refer just to that study in Germany at the ACC, because we really don't know the outcome but we're optimistic about it.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, just a couple of things. One is, the fourth quarter was pretty consistent with what we thought it was going to come out to be. I think when we provided our guidance, we said it was going to be at the low end of the range that bottomed to 350 and pretty much came out that way. Some of it probably just has to do with the limitations of SAPIEN. This is a pretty big valve, Larry. It's a 24 French system that we think as you have systems that are earlier to handle, it's going to be better for patients and better for clinicians and we think that will certainly help. There was more to your question, I'm sorry…
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we at the investor conference, we estimated that the global growth in 2014 for THV would be in the 20% to 30% range. We didn't give an estimate for the U.S. and I think that just reflects some of the uncertainty associated with these approvals. But I do think that as systems that can go through an 18 French Introducer come out there that it's going to help the growth rate in the U.S. market.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Ben. We're optimistic about this one. We have seen improvements. We think there are sites right now and the biggest improvements that we know are in their lengths of stay. They've gotten in many cases motivated about this. They're talking about it. They're sharing best practices and they're moving the needle. I wouldn't be surprised to see more and more presentations in the future about how people are reacting. We hear about things anecdotally that are pretty impressive. And so we like the things the way things are moving right now, Ben. There's substantial movement from a year ago today.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question, Ben. One of the things that I think any judge would worry about is whether somehow patients were going to be denied therapy because of implementing an injunction. And one of the things that we would do is to certainly consider having appropriate carve-outs that protect patients, so that no patient is ever in a position where they have to worry about getting therapy because an Edwards' product doesn't suit their needs. And we think if we take that kind of a stance it only makes it a little easier for the judge here to draw a conclusion that an injunction is appropriate.
Michael A. Mussallem: But I'll also say that if something like that were to happen, it's certainly an upside and it's not in our plans today.
Michael A. Mussallem: There was an investment – actually some of you may recall, it goes back to Embrella. We took a slight impairment associated with that purchase that we did. I don't know that must be two years ago now.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think our belief is that it's a smaller opportunity than was in our original business model and that causes us to modify its value.
Michael A. Mussallem: You're right, Glenn. There is no change in what we said at our investor conference. It's the device we talked about and yes, it's a transapical delivery system. It's still large bore. Yes, our longer term plans are certainly to want to move this to a transfemoral which would mean transseptal delivery but there is some work to do and we really want to have our first in man experience before we can really give you more specifics on that one. But that would really help unlock the long-term potential. But it's kind of premature right now. We just want to right now have a successful experience and be able to look back after 30 days and say that we've got a valve that's functioning the way it needs to.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. You know what, I didn't do the math on that one but I can get back to you on that. But yes, it usually takes us – once we actually hit that two-year endpoint, it usually takes us a good quarter, maybe a little more before we can put the data together and have it ready for publishing and have it out there.
Michael A. Mussallem: This is Mike. It's always risky when I get in here and answer financial questions, but what was sold in the fourth quarter is really what was sold. And it's typical sales. What the accounting convention we understand is if you believe that there is going to be this sort of exchange in the future, you pull it out of today's sales. And then when that actually goes back and you put it back in, but that would just confuse our presentation of results. And so that's why we're going to end up showing this both ways here. We're going to pull this exchange out and show you what it is discretely both this year when we're taking the downer and next year when it comes back and it's the upper, we'll also take it out.
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't know. Mike, there's a wide range. What we've tried to do is to represent what we think the full range of possibilities are and this is sort of I suppose the bottom of the range is just a lot of things go wrong and top of the range, so a lot of things go right. I mean I'm not going to lay out detail specifics on that, but at this stage when there was the uncertainty associated when Edwards is going to be approved and the uncertainty of exactly how the rest of the questions about the rollout of competitor products exists, we thought it was best to give you what our feeling was as a realistic wide range.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Steve. It's going to be interesting for us. We just take what we've heard externally. The same maybe that you've heard is that we don't expect there to be a dramatic change in the pricing of our competitors what we really don't know. We're not anticipating that there's going to be a big change in pricing. Remember, there was a very large investment on the part of anybody to get to the U.S. market. This would only be the second competitor in the U.S. market and there's nobody on the near horizon that would be coming to the market. So, I don't know if there's a lot of incentive to change pricing dramatically.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks very much, Bob. I'm not sure that I want to go into detailed tactical approach but other than say that we think the body of evidence that's around SAPIEN and especially SAPIEN XT provides a tremendous foundation for which we can compete. And when you combine that with our willingness to upgrade people from SAPIEN to SAPIEN XT in a pretty painless and rapid fashion, we think it puts us in a position to be very strong defensively. As you know from our P&L, we were continuing our spending rate in terms of our sales and marketing resources in the U.S. We haven't pulled back on that at all. And simply the fact that we have a full mover advantage in that we've been in the marketplace for a couple of years, we like to think we've treated our customers with a lot of respect and a lot of care, we think that is only helpful at a time like this when they're going to have a choice.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I mean it was very encouraging from our point of view. I'm not sure that we really saw it. There were a couple of things that I thought were noteworthy. One is that we saw it – we've typically seen Germany grow nicely and that continues to be a nice part of our growth, but we watched France and Italy and the UK all put up improved growth numbers. And so that was meaningful to us. From a share perspective, we performed very well in transfemoral units. I mean this was very strong growth. And again, it seems that the 29 millimeter XT is continuing to be a very popular product with customers. So I guess that's all I'd really add. Southern Europe was gone from being drag to growing again. May be that's part of it as well, Bob.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Okay. Well, thank you all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. So with that, back to you David.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Eventually all of the return reserve will be reversed. And I can't predict how much of that will happen in the first quarter versus in quarters beyond, but all of it will be reversed as products are exchanged.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, the 72.9% is calculated off of $536 million. We're going to be reporting GAAP and non-GAAP sales as we do for any special item in the first quarter and beyond.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Mike, it's Scott. Most of the impact of the reversal comes at the gross profit line and the operating profit line and it all flows right down to that $0.10 a share in diluted EPS.
Scott B. Ullem: We're going to pull it out in both years. Our intention is to reflect the impact of what the business would look like if we didn't have the swap and what the impact of the business looks like with the swap.
