Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Mike. Today, I will provide a wrap-up of 2022, including detailed results for the fourth quarter as well as provide guidance for the first quarter and full year of 2023.  So as Mike mentioned, our sales of $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter grew 7% on a constant currency basis, despite the health care disruptions in a number of our key geographies. Our gross profit margin was healthy, even excluding the temporarily inflated rate due to FX. Combined with sales growth and disciplined spending, this resulted in adjusted earnings per share growth of 25% to $0.64. GAAP earnings per share was $0.65.  Obviously, we were disappointed with our stock performance last year. The only upside to the poor stock price performance was that it provided an opportunistic time to repurchase shares more aggressively. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $750 million of stock through an accelerated share repurchase program. And in total, we repurchased $1.7 billion of stock last year. Average shares outstanding during the fourth quarter fell to $616 million. We have approximately $900 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization.  For the full year 2022, sales increased 8% over the prior year on a constant currency basis to $5.4 billion. Adjusted earnings per share grew 12% and we generated nearly $1 billion of free cash flow. We expect our sales growth rate to expand in 2023 with a gradual improvement in hospital staffing. Although still early in the year, we saw encouraging signals during Q4 and a good start so far in Q1, which reinforces our confidence about the 9% to 12% full year range.  We are maintaining all of our previous sales guidance ranges for 2023. Absent big moves in FX, we expect total company sales of $5.6 billion to $6 billion, TAVR sales of $3.6 billion to $4 billion, TMTT sales of $160 million to $200 million, Surgical Structural Heart sales of $870 million to $970 million and critical care sales of $840 million to $940 million. For the first quarter, we're projecting sales of $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion, and adjusted earnings per share of $0.58 to $0.64.  Now I'll cover details of our results. Our adjusted gross profit margin in the fourth quarter was 81% compared to 76.8% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by the expected positive impact from our FX program which includes hedge contract gains and natural hedges that offset the negative sales impact from the weakening of the euro and the yen against the dollar.  At current foreign exchange rates, we continue to expect our full year 2023 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%. At current exchange rates, the reduction in this year's forecasted gross profit margin versus 2022 reflects 250 to 300 basis points of reduced benefit from FX plus some incremental inflation. SG&A expenses in the fourth quarter decreased 3% over the prior year to $411 million or 30.5% of sales, primarily due to the weakening of the euro and the yen against the dollar and partially offset by continued investments in the ongoing build-out of the U.S. TMTT commercial team and our high-touch model for TAVR. We continue to expect full year 2023 SG&A expenses as a percent of sales to be between 29% and 30%. Research and development expenses in the quarter were consistent with the prior year at $232 million, or 17.2% of sales. We continue to expect R&D expenses in 2023 to be between 17% and 18% of sales as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT growth.  Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 13.3% and or 14%, excluding the impact of special items. We continue to expect our 2023 tax rate, excluding special items, to be 13% to 17%. Foreign exchange rates decreased fourth quarter reported sales growth by six percentage points or $73 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect approximately flat year-over-year impact from foreign exchange to full year 2023 sales. Foreign exchange rates positively impacted our fourth quarter gross margin by 230 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our October guidance, FX rates had a minimal impact on fourth quarter earnings per share.  Finally, before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of the end of the year. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $214 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $283 million, less capital spending of $69 million. In 2023, we expect free cash flow to grow to $1.0 billion to $1.4 billion.  And with that, I'll pass the call back over to Mike.
Scott Ullem: Well, it ties to what we've been talking about so far on the call, our guidance for Q1 is $1,350 to $1,450 million, so call it $1.410 billion in sales at the midpoint of the range. Which is if you just sort of think about how the year is going to play out at the lower end of the 9% to 12% underlying growth rate guidance that we've given for sales. So your question is what happened between Q4 and Q1 and it ties back to we're just seeing generally a favorable environment, hospital staffing levels and health care disruptions gradually getting a little bit better. And it's really very similar to what we talked about at our investor conference and reinforces our confidence about the 9% to 12% growth rate that we can achieve for the full year in 2023.
Scott Ullem: Well, it's a good question. It's tough to isolate all the elements that are going into just the first couple of weeks of the year. But generally speaking, overall, it seems like the trends are favorable. And this is what we expected to happen in 2023 with hospital staffing constraints abating with overall disruptions in the health care system, getting a little bit better in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. And just the multiple different signals that we see and anecdotes that we hear give us confidence that we're on the right track.  And again, looking to the 9% to 12% growth rate guidance for 2023. January, it's pretty early to say, but obviously, we wouldn't the signals that we've seen in January are reflected in the guidance that we've given in that $13.70 to $14.50 sales range for the first quarter.
Scott Ullem: Why don't I take the first piece, and then I'll let somebody else jump in on the wait list question. Just in terms of gross margin, it's pretty simple. I mean there are a bunch of little moving pieces. We always get a little bit of benefit from mix. We get a little bit of benefit from all of the activities we have to improve efficiency in global supply chain. But really, the difference between the gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the full year 2022 versus the guidance we've given for 2023 and is all FX. And FX hits us with both hedge contracts that we have as well as inventory valuations outside of the U.S. that's really the source of the decline from 2022 to 2023 gross margins.
Scott Ullem: Sure. So on the first question about FX, yes, you're right. We originally anticipated about $100 million headwind to sales based upon recent currency moves, we now think it's about flat. We do think there will be a headwind to sales in the first half. There will be a tailwind to the sales in second half of 2023, but it averages out to flat for the full year.
Scott Ullem: At the current rate. Regarding TAVR, no, there was actual growth in TAVR in the U.S. over Q3, and we're expecting more growth in Q1 over Q4. So we're seeing sequential growth and year-over-year growth expansion in U.S. TAVR and global TAVR.
Scott Ullem: So Rick, first, on the sequential growth. I want to go back to something Travis asked about before. Q3 to Q4 and 2022, there are sequential growth globally. I said U.S., it was true globally. Q4 through Q1 and 2023, sequential growth in the U.S. and globally. As it relates to the full year 2023 I'll start and then others chime in. We're expecting contributions both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. It's tough to pin down exactly which regions are going to grow what rates. But we think that we're going to get contributions from all of our major regions to that 9% to 12% underlying growth in '23.
Scott Ullem: Yes. I don't know if I could pin it down exactly to a percentage. But certainly, we see a large portion or a large section of our centers that are still doing double-digit growth. And again, I think it's not so much COVID, but it's the COVID restrictions that happen. And I think the parts of the country where those restrictions have been release sooner. I think we see those centers doing better. But we expect the rest to come along. I mean if you look broadly, those restrictions are easing really across the globe, and I think that's what is one of the things that helps us in 2023.
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, Scott. [indiscernible] informational therapies covering solid financial performance. We expect higher growth and meaningful in 2023 with a gradual improvement in hospital. We believe to serve our patients -- we're confident that our patient-focused innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to patients and health care systems worldwide.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.
Michael Mussallem: If you like, I'd be happy to give you the conclusion, why don't I give that for a second. Thanks, Robbie, and we'll she'll be first in line here. I just said, in conclusion, we're proud of the significant progress we made in advancing 2022 and the new transformational therapies for patients and delivering solid financial performance. We expect higher growth and meaningful progress in '23 with a gradual improvement in hospital staffing and growth across all major regions.  And as the global population ages and cardiovascular disease remains the largest health burden, we believe that the opportunity to serve our patients will nearly double between now and 2028, and we're confident that our patient-focused innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to patients and health care systems worldwide. Thanks, Robbie. You're back up.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I'm not going to get really deep into the quarter. As Scott mentioned, we had some really positive times during the quarter, where we saw some weeks were really strong. We had the normal seasonality that we see in a quarter where things get soft around the holidays. But if I just elevate, I think what's on the mind of some of our investors that we had a few quarters of single-digit growth, but that certainly does not dampen our enthusiasm for our strategy.  COVID just wasn't kind to structural heart patients. And we know that there are many consequences of COVID affected global growth companies, including Edwards. So if we just replay, 2020, COVID drove pretty much flat sales growth for us. In 2021, it was a big growth year. Edwards grew 18%. And in '22, although we experienced the lingering impact of COVID, tough comparisons and all that we still grew 8% and more importantly, in '23, we remain confident that sales are going to grow 9% to 12%.  So we just think the environment is going to improve. We feel strongly that COVID's impact is transient and that treating these structural heart patients is going to again become a priority.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. And I'll just add -- this is Mike again, Larry. Yes, we're feeling positive about 2024. It's a long way off. So it's too soon to give guidance at this point. But when we look at the road ahead, we really think as the system learns to deal with COVID and it fades back into the rearview mirror that structural heart patients are going to get prioritized again. And we think that they're going to be anxious to treat these patients. We love our lineup of technologies, our lineup of clinical trials that are pointed in indication expansion. And so we see -- that's why we feel confident in that 2028 outlook.
Michael Mussallem: And on the backlog question, Joanne, as we've mentioned before, we don't have great analytics on backlogs. And so a lot of it we just hear anecdotally from customers. But what we do here say, yes, indeed, there is backlog that's spotty and across the U.S. and other countries for that matter.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Just at the highest level, sadly, for these patients, it's true. There has to be some mortality that goes on. They just don't wait well. And we know that, that's a very serious consequence of the environment that we're in. Having said that, this isn't a small pool. It's a really, really big pool. And so even the sad mortality that comes from this is not close to really putting a dent in the number of patients that could legitimately use help through having their severe AS treated.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So we are going for a price increase and we're going for a price increase across the board. What ends up happening with pricing is as volume goes up, we have rebates and those were built in, whether it was SAPIEN 3 pricing or whether it's SAPIEN 3 UR pricing but we are going for a net increase on every SAPIEN 3 UR valve that we have. Again, it's about $1,500 less than 5%, but we are going for that across the board.
Michael Mussallem: And then a high level, we'll be at ACC in full force. It's a chance for us to be close to customers. But we don't have any real groundbreaking trials that are going to be introduced at that time.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for that, Adam. We don't end up talking about these until some of the risk has been taken out. At these early stages, these are big transformative therapies that have big potential, but they also have pretty big risk at the early stage of the program. And we feel like it's more appropriate to share it with investors when we have more uncertainty. So for example, like we're already in human trials. So we're not likely to talk about this for competitive reasons, but it is something that's very much a priority for our company. We think the kind of skill sets that Edwards has could be applied really, really well to this big group of patients that's the #1 health care burden and cost and mortality both. Operator Our next question comes from Richard Newitter with Truist Securities.
Michael Mussallem: That's right. I mean if we just look at what's happened here in the recent past, whether it's the U.S. or Europe or Japan, our three biggest regions, they've been lower than what they should be based on the struggles that they've had with the aftermath of COVID, and we expect that to improve throughout 2023.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I would say we have similar visibility on all of them. We're very close to our customers, very close to our centers. and we feel like we know what's happening on a center-by-center basis. And we just feel that the environment has and will continue to improve.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, thanks for participating.
Daveen Chopra: Yes. Sure, Robbie. This is Daveen. I'll take that question. So far at a high level, feedback from physicians in the Pascal precision launch has been really positive, right? I think people love the ease of use, the navigation improvements of this new system and we know that we received early approval in the U.S. and Europe. So we're ramping the inventory to kind of improve these launches.  And I think really in the U.S., our mantra is all about patient outcomes. And so we are really focused on our high-touch model. We're really focused on getting great clinical outcomes, gradual introduction have a really strong training program. So, so far to date, we've been really impressed with that.  And finally, I'll say, I think we've got great Class IID data that came out, obviously, at TCT. And we're convinced that they'll have a positive impact in the tier market overall, and we think that more and more physicians would be interested in using the PASCAL Precision system.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, I'll just make a comment on TRISCEND. So for the TRISCEND II study, we expect obviously release the information in the second half of the year and release the information in the second half of the year. So we're excited about the data we think to help it. But as you pull up here, I think this all helps us make us feel good about this year and then driving into 2024.
Daveen Chopra: Yes. So this is Daveen. So I'll follow up a little bit on Class II TR first and I'll talk about IIF separately. So first, on Class II TRs, you remember, we think that in our prioritization, while we think tier for tricuspid is really important, we actually believe that EVOQUE has the potential to be more important to tricuspid patients. But we know that this is a large and diverse population of people. So we've got to have a portfolio of options.  So we were committed to running two different pivotal studies, obviously, the TRISCEND II for EVOQUE as well as the Class II TR for PASCAL. And many of these sites are actually -- many of our clinical sites, especially in the U.S. actually have both trials at that site. So what we did is we actually ask sites to prioritize TRISCEND II enrollment and actually drive that fastest. And so that's on track to kind of complete enrollment here in the first half of 2023, as we've kind of talked about before. So now as that finishes up, we're asking kind of sites to kind of drive enrollment in Class II TR hopefully, we'll then see enrollment in that trial then pick up.  And moving on to Class IIF, right, our functional kind of trial a randomized trial. We haven't yet kind of shared expectation for kind of approval or commercialization yet on that. That trial is enrolling right now. It's a really important trial for us. And again, a lot of the sites that were actually in Class IID again, the other mitral, were also sites that are also in Class IIF. And as you imagine, we initially said, "Hey, guys, let's really drive enrollment in Class IID and which the sites did really well," they helped drive our approval. And now we've again asked them to kind of switch their prioritization to Class IIF. So we see kind of the enrollment in that trial, which is again, it's a larger trial, a 450-person trial kind of enrolling right now. So that's kind of an update on those two trials.
Daveen Chopra: Yes. The only other comment I'll make is we talk about heart valve surgery being prioritized within hospitals. We see a bit that, as Larry said, in the food chain of kind of surgeries, we see that people generally if they're short in cardiac surgery resources help start moving resources to these really high acuity really important patients from other parts, other surgery departments. So you actually see a little bit of resource moving, which I think has helped cardiac surgery keep its volumes overall.  That being said, the macro picture, right, we always expect that TAVR is going to increase in aortic valve replacement. But we also expect, at the same time, the AVR market is going to continue to grow, and there'll always be these patients with complex disease that need surgery.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, this is Daveen. I'll hit a little bit on the -- obviously, the tricuspid trial, specifically the TRILUMINATE study. We actually wouldn't be surprised if TRILUMINATE shows positive results and gets approved by ACC or around ACC. To me, this would be an amazing opportunity and great opportunity for patients to continue to get more data and have better patient treatment. But that being said, we see actually in Europe right now that clinicians are actually very positive about the performance of our differentiated PASCAL Precision device there and seem to really like it for tricuspid patients. So we look forward to that to obviously bring that technology to the U.S. in the future. But we think for the therapy overall, obviously, more data is helping patient care.
Larry Wood: This is Larry. Related to early TAVR, just as a reminder, that trial has a 2-year endpoint. So we just completed the 1-year follow-up at the end of last year. So we haven't -- these patients have another year to go. So that data wouldn't be available really until 2024. Unload is an IAS study, so that's really kind of out of our hands. We provide funding for that, but that's really up to the investigators in terms of when they present that data. And maybe I'll turn it over to Daveen for TRISCEND, or Bernard.
Larry Wood: Yes. No, we don't have any update there. I think what we said at the investor conference is we expect to be back in clinic this year, and we still anticipate that. But we don't have anything new to add.
Larry Wood: Yes. We saw significant variation on a site-to-site basis. Clearly, some centers, and I think it maybe reflects kind of localized COVID restrictions. Some centers certainly did better than other centers. And gradually, we see that improving over time. But larger centers probably did a little bit better than the smaller centers. You had a question on China as well. China was certainly impacted, but for our TAVR business, it's such a small base. It's not a huge driver one way or the other.
Larry Wood: Okay. So the -- there's a lot of things to be excited about in Japan. In addition to the recovery that Mike talked about more broadly, we do have S3 Ultra RESILIA that's coming probably right before the -- probably in Q2, then we'll begin rolling that out. Low-risk approval is also a big thing. We recently got approval for TAVR-in-TAVR, which is a big thing for Japan. So we're really looking for them to recover and get back to more of the historic growth rates.
Larry Wood: Sure. Yes. So we're really pleased with how the launch has gone so far. Remember, this approval came earlier than we anticipated. So it felt like we had built up a ton of inventory, and so we had to build up that inventory as we roll it out. So we're pretty much right I think, where we plan to be, and we expect the rollout to continue through the entire year. But we're happy with outcome so far. The physician feedback has been positive. And we think it's good for us.  We're also going for a price increase, which is the first price increase that we've done in -- since launch, which has been over 10 years. It's pretty modest. It's less than 5%, but we think it reflects the innovation and the value that we bring with the RESILIA technology.
Larry Wood: Sure. Well, I'll start and then if I have rent trouble on call my buddy to mean to help me out here. But overall, the thing with surgical patients is they don't require the same amount of work up as a TAVR patients. So they can move through the system faster because they don't require things such as the CT for valve sizing where that's been intraprocedural for the surgeon and so there's just much workup that has to be done for those patients. So maybe it's a little less impacted. I think there's also a mindset that when a patient needs open heart surgery, that, that just is more urgency in the system and those patients can move through a little bit quicker. We'll see how that continues over time. But we continue to drive RESILIA on the surgical side as well. We have the MITRIS launch, which is going, and we continue to advance RESILIA on the aortic side as well with INSPIRIS and those continue. I don't know if you have anything to add, Daveen.
Larry Wood: Yes, it's a difficult question because the literature is all over the place on this topic, and there's not great studies on this in terms of how it gets looked at. There's a lot of studies out there that say for every asymptomatic -- or for every symptomatic patient, there's an asymptomatic patient, so that's probably on probably the higher end. There's other studies that says that it's a little bit lower.  But I think regardless, it's significant, but I think the bigger issue here is it impacts how patients flow through the system because patients come and the doctor says, how are you feeling? And maybe that day the patient feels fine, but two weeks ago, they were struggling and that doesn't necessarily get picked up. I think if we could take the symptom assertation just out of the equation for patients and if your echo says that you have severe AS, you move directly to therapy. I think it would just be a game changer for how patients flow through the system.  And it's one of the reasons we took on EARLY TAVR is we think we need to have the definitive data that shows what happens when you really stress echo these people, what happens when you really follow patients that are asymptomatic, and that's really the purpose of the trial, but we think it's a significant opportunity to change how aortic stenosis is treated.
Larry Wood: Yes. We had some of the biggest weeks that we've had in our history in Q4. So a week doesn't make a year, but the fact that they were able to do it for several weeks indicates that staffing is getting better and capacity is coming back into the system, and it's one of the things that gives us confidence in our guidance for 2023.
