Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. So whether you're new to our story, or you follow the company since we went public 20 years ago, you know that our talented and dedicated team at Edwards has always put patients first. Never has this been more important than today. As we stand together with the global community, I'm grateful for our extraordinary team and our partners, and I'm optimistic about the future of continuing to deliver innovations to patients around the world.And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: So the -- it varies different as you can imagine by geography. It also varies very different by business. I can summarize it this way Bob. Q2 is going to be a really tough quarter. It's come down hard, and we're living that right now. Even the numbers that we're providing for Q2 is probably moderately better than it is right now. I might add that our structural heart businesses feel it even more acutely than our critical care business.
Mike Mussallem: So it's a good question, Bob. And this is very tough to do. So we know that it's challenging time to estimate revenues. We're starting to see positive signs already. And so in the tone of the tenor we really -- we hear people preparing themselves to start recovery. And we know that that's going to take some time. We also know that the diseases we treat are very serious and that we expect those diseases are not easy to postpone. And we know that many of the patients that might have been treated in Q1, Q2 and so forth, might indeed be treated in Q4. And so the combination of those factors that encourage us to say that we’re likely -- and again, there's a broad range of possibilities but we’re likely to be in a more typical volume situation in Q4.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, no, it's very real. One thing for sure David is our patients were scared. They're afraid of COVID and it's meant that they have in many cases decided to stay home. So, there's many factors that influence the recovery. But if you do think of it as a bowl, as a funnel, there's been a bunch of patients that are waiting. So beginning the screening process again, that really needs to begin months in advance of the fourth quarter, is going to be key. It's going to be a big effort by the whole community. But I think the community is going to come to grips with the fact that this these heart valve patients, and AS patients in particular, really need to be treated and that they're in a dangerous situation, and we think that they are going to respond to that.So right now, the screening rates have not returned to prior levels, not even close. But we're anticipating that that's going to happen. And that's what will cause Q4 to be what it is.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, David. Well, you know how we feel about SAPIEN 3 platform. We think it's outstanding and we think the PARTNER 3 study reinforced that and it's even nice to see this data that was generated at two years. But as we said, trying to estimate overall procedure growth is just really challenging right now in the current environment. We're going to be in a much better position to do that sometime in the future, but right now trying to speak to competitive share just seems inappropriate to us and will be -- make a lot more sense to do that once things normalize.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So if this is a really tough time for patients. And ultimately, there may be some structural heart patients who’ve delayed the treatment, who never get treated. And just because of deadly nature, some are not likely to survive. If you just run the numbers here, it gets to be an extraordinary large group of patients and that distresses us greatly. It's just the difficult times, the disease is clearly progressive. And so we know about some patients already anecdotally who have passed away on the waiting list, which is very sad. But no, this is a tough time as the world has turned their attention to COVID. It's not a great set of conditions for structural heart patients.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. Yes, we certainly have had a lot of conversations about that. And so what I'll share here will be somewhat anecdotal. It varies a great deal by region. You can imagine the situation in New York City is very different than what you might see in other parts of the U.S. and in other parts of the world, frankly.In the U.S. there are many people that are turning their attention to trying to get back to doing procedures again. You know hospitals are very dependent on doing procedures to be able to maintain their income and they also know that there are patients out there with real needs, and so they want to get back to it. There are various state regulations that they need to work through and then there's just a lot of machinery to start again.And in our case, we have to influence patients to come in and get screened again and begin that whole process. And so when procedures stop, screening also stops. And so that's the restarting of the system that's going on right now. And it's going to take some time, but I think people are clearly motivated to get it going and it is going to be highly variable, depending on where you are.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, that's a challenging one for us. The way it was paused, we're going to be able to open up individual centers when they're ready. If you're going to ask us broadly, what does that mean? Probably around two quarters. It's going to -- you're going to have a site-by-site restart. But I think a fair estimate is something like that we'd be disappointed if it went much longer. And we know that we have a lot of really motivated clinical investigators who encourage us to stop, but I think they are going to be the same people that encourage us to get started again.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. And as you might imagine, there is indeed a wide range of outcomes. And so although it's very hard to say, but I think there are a number of people that are going to be motivated to go. The resources and equipment to restart TAVR given the short length of stay and the fact that it doesn't need an ICU could encourage people to try and get that procedure going, particularly considering how serious AS is. And so yes, there is a scenario where it could come up faster. But the other thing that we have to be clear on is, we've watched the system really screech to a halt. And so this -- it's a restart process. And indeed, I'm sure you know from your own research that patients are scared. And so getting them to re-enter whether it's hospitals or whether hospitals create places that patients can go and feel more comfortable, this is going to be the test of getting the system restarted. It's just a -- it's a wide range of possibilities.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks very much, Rick. Yes, there are going to be a number of things accompanying probably a late-breaker and some oral abstracts and some posters, but probably two of that we call your attention to, on EVOQUE in the tricuspid position. I believe the early experience is going to be shared, which I believe is going to be 19 patients at 30 days. And so that will be the first time that the community has had a chance to see how that valve performs. And then in PASCAL, the CLASS study, actually the CE Mark study that evaluated both DMR and FMR patients, we will have 62 patients at one year and 109 patients at 30 days and six months. So it will be a nice informative update on those product lines for sure.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. I don't have a strong view on other procedures. You know us, we're so focused on structural heart diseases, that's where we really put our energy. What we do know is that AS is particularly deadly and there is some data there that reinforces that. And so that makes us think that there is going to be a strong motivation for people to do this. And at a time when hospitals really want to get back to providing the care, and also I think they're frankly concerned about their economics, here is something that they can do that I think is really good for patients and it also helps them get back on their feet again.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We're not accustomed to sort of slice it by month, Robbie, but I'll try and give you a little bit of color here. So the -- a lot of it is going to depend what COVID does itself and whether COVID keeps receding or not. Based on what we've seen so far, there needs to be improvement from where we are today to get to the middle of the range or certainly the top of the range. If we continue where we are today, we're going to be much closer to the bottom of the range. And it's just a wide range of possibilities in terms of how this quarter will play out. We probably never had a quarter that has a greater level of uncertainty as the second.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. And I just might add that we have tried to really focus on prioritizing and protecting our employees and their jobs and we're not planning layoffs associated with this pandemic. And as I said earlier, we continue to support cases in every state and the countries around the world and we're going to do everything we can to continue to be a great partner through this entire process.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I don't have hard data on that one. We currently estimate that there is more than 700 centers and we said that -- and this was following the NCD that was approved last year that we're probably headed toward 850 in total. So I don't know the exact number to where we are right now. I can tell you that since COVID hit, we've stopped doing the training and are really focused on the existing sites. And so that’s probably going to change that adoption rate to some extent. But the bigger driver in terms of the way the Q1 was going before COVID hit was new patients coming off the sidelines. And that wasn't all concentrated in new sites, that was across the board.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. So we would say in Europe, we saw a phenomena that was very similar to the U.S., which is a strict drop-off in March. Within Europe, some countries got hit much harder than others. But the net-net effect was Europe wasn't so different than the U.S. and we actually think that the recovery in Europe and the U.S. may not be so different. Interestingly enough, procedures in Japan in Q1 were not meaningfully impacted by COVID-19. We think that there is going to be a more pronounced effect in Q2. And it just seems from our perspective that the kind of the wave of COVID-19 patients in Japan is trailing what's happening in the U.S. and Europe by a matter of maybe weeks of some sort tough to know for sure. Those are the biggest markets. I mean there are other places around the world where TAVR is still young, like Australia and Latin America where there is still growth and not much impact from COVID. But those are kind of small numbers by comparison.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Sorry Raj, I mean, we're -- obviously it's premature for us to get into 2021 in a big way, but you can tell. When we say that we're going to start approaching recovery in Q4, you'd like to think that in 2021 we've got some pretty favorable comparisons. And so I would anticipate that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We don't have anything broad at this point, Raj, but we do hear anecdotal comments. I mean the physicians there are very active researchers and many of them want to start conversations about getting going again. So there's a few anecdotal conversations about that, but really no hard data about how Germany will start up.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Yes, thanks, Vijay. So there's a lot of data on bicuspid and there has been some extensive published real world experiences. At Edwards, you know we're not contraindicated for these patients that we treat bicuspid patients with SAPIEN valves all the time. And our real world outcomes and these patients have been outstanding with the balloon-expandable SAPIEN 3. So we think that body of evidence is just going to grow and we expect there will be more data at cardiology conferences in the future. Your other question was about the IP. Yes, so big picture, I think we believe that our IP positions and we're prepared to defend them. We don't believe litigations necessarily in the best interest of patients, and we're going to hope that we can move through this. But there is a lot of litigation going on in a lot of countries with a lot of dates. And so it will be a continued source of noise at this point.
Mike Mussallem: So you're right. Danielle. Certainly, there are very sick patients that aren't being done, right, we're not doing zero. But it's much lower than we expected to be doing at this time. And what I was trying to express, if you just think about it in a growth sense and it's a little bit dehumanizing. But if you think about what we were going to do and how many patients we're going to be treated during 2020 compared to the number of patients that we believe we're going to treat now, it's a much smaller number and that's a deep concern. We know that many AS patients do not get treated. And that's why that's actually one of the reasons why we are so enthusiastic about our work because we can get after this population that's not treated. So that pool of untreated patients just gets bigger, and we know that there is mortality associated with that.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone.
