Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, Scott. As we reflect on our first half results we are very pleased with the performance we have achieved across all our product lines and believe our future remains bright. Our transcatheter valve franchise is poised to drive market growth through indication expansion and next generation technologies. Our Surgical Heart Valve product line remain strong and we are investing in innovative products to strengthen our leadership position and our critical care product line should continue to benefit from sales of our best-in-class monitoring technologies including the launch of the non-invasive ClearSight system.  Overall, we are confident in our outlook for a continued strong organic sales growth reflecting our focused innovation strategy and our commitment to helping patients. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, thanks Jason. You know we are still early on in terms of the development of Transcatheter mitral valves. We're optimistic about FORTIS program but it's still difficult to fully judge the value. The path of commercialization of mitral transcatheter heart valve is likely to be a long and rigorous one similar to the experience that we had in SAPIEN valves. Our intention is to be the leader in this field. We remain open in considering acquisitions to supplement our existing portfolio but as it goes along with the comments that we made previously we're not really changing acquisition strategy based on the Medtronic settlement.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks Jason. We're very excited about SAPIEN 3. We think it's a best-in-class valve. Obviously we're going to work to make that valve available to U.S. patients as soon as we can. We just don't have anything specific to share at this point. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Jason. We're going to have let others ask some questions. Overall we have been observing length of stay fall. This is something that we've been really working on and have been focusing on for more than a year at this point. It's too early probably for us to detail any comparison between ourselves and Core Valve but really familiar with our own experience and the clinicians that we're associated with are sharing optimism that they're able to drive better performance and we've seen certainly historically. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem: It does benefit the gross margin rate to the tune of about 30 basis points but again the big factor that influencing our rate this year versus last year is the FX move.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think just from what you said Bruce sounds like you math about our sales is correct. I think you got that right. There is a lot of moving pieces and Scott can help detail if you want to get into it. In terms of estimating what the U.S. growth rate I don’t know it’s a little difficult there are so many moving pares right now you know we also believe that one XT is approved some of these patients that have large annulus that might be on the side line came into the system. So, exactly pegging the growth rate is tough but it does appear that we do have lift versus what we are expecting and we are very encouraged by that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Bruce we actually find it remarkable the results in Europe were better than we expected. Of course we were optimistic about SAPIEN 3 but there really appears to be some strong growth in the number of procedures We think it’s probably going then in the mid-teens and that’s not exclusive to a single country that’s broadly across the continent and when we try and get into what’s behind it I think one of our belief is just the growing body of impressive clinical evidence is helping lift the use of transcatheter heart valves.
Michael A. Mussallem: And then on the U.S. side so far clinical trials in 2014 have probably have been somewhat similar to what they were in 2013. Remember 2013 we thought it probably accounted for close to 15% of all the procedures done. We are starting to see more clinical trials, it’s tough for us to define that Rick but we do think it is going to lift in the future those competitive clinical trials.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well no I would say depending on the growth of overall procedures if some of them go to competitive clinical trials we would probably feel that. But there are so many movements parts Rick it’s kind of difficult to quantify that now.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay, yeah, thanks. No, as a matter of fact we very optimistic about CENTERA. Matter of fact we think that we have shot here to introduce a best-in-class self-expanding THP. There is a number of opportunities though for enhancement that we identified during the initial clinical experience and so as we have seen so much enthusiasm for SAPIEN 3 we just have elected to slow down CENTERA so that we can incorporate those enhancements but no we have not lost enthusiasm. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah so, I think it’s a good question and thanks Larry. The point that you mentioned of course we had a beat in the second quarter and yes we got lift from Medtronic. So those things clearly help us but I think as Scott detailed when he talked about our expenses we are going to have a little higher incentive comp. Our performance that is performance based in the second-half of the year and also we have some new expenses related to our CSS products in Draper, Utah. So those provide somewhat of a drag Larry and that’s where it sort of nets out the lift that we have in there.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, and related to clinical sales as we mentioned the clinical sales were up this quarter that was driven by SAPIEN 3 we don’t have clarity on whether there was going to be continued access program or not. You know if you are asking us to estimate at this point this might be the higher watermark for our clinical sales you know it’s difficult for us to say right now.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Brooks. That’s a really tough question. You know when you go from hospital to hospital you get very different accounting system and we are not sure that they are fully transparent with us about their actual profitability. So it’s tough for us to say. I think we have estimated in the past that on average hospitals used to breakeven on transcatheter heart valves. We think that's been gradually improving overtime as they gain experience and they shorten our length of stay.  We're optimistic that this change to the new DRG is going to be helpful. And we did some modeling on this and there are lot of things that depend on. It depends on hospital case mix, on their practice pattern on their regional payment but we think on average that we model the payment could increase 10% to 15% for most hospitals. 
Michael A. Mussallem: No. We didn't see anything noteworthy but we’re right on track with our plan. I think we did $7 million in the first quarter, $10 million in the second. It's clearly a ramp and it's building and we continue to expect to be in the 40 million to 50 million range this year. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's very difficult to say overall with any level of precision Danielle. Overall we would say no, it's not like a bunch of intermediate risk patients are coming into the system but if you look out our surgical heart valves business it's continued to grow and that would be a good indicator if that we're shifting. But rather we see a general lift in the overall number of procedures and that's almost the biggest impact.  We did note that we have some share gain but we think that's the smaller component of the two compared to procedure growth. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Broadly Danielle you're on a key point. If the data demonstrates that we can effectively treat intermediate risk patients that clearly be a lift to the field and we're optimistic that will be the case.  Because all that presented in a clinical setting and clinical meetings we really don't have complete control of that and we're not sure when it's going to happen. We're currently and our trial pointed out a two year endpoint so you know what the implications of that are. We continue to have discussions, you can imagine on changing or looking at other options to that but we have really nothing to speak about at this point. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's a good question, Raj. If you go early back to our investor conference in terms of what we assumed, we thought that they were going to get their high risk approval in Q3 and they actually got that in June so that sort of one third direction. We probably thought our XT approval would sooner although still within our guidance. And so during that period where we have SAPIEN available at the same time they had Core Value they had the ability to treat some larger angulus patients and so we did see accounts trained we did see some larger angulus patients patient go that way and then obviously that changed once SAPIEN was available particularly the 29 millimeter valve and we know that some of these patients were being queued for that.  So I am sorry, related to the approval of XT so, there has been a lot of back and forth in the quarter. I am not sure that you can know exactly where it is we feel like we exited strong and we are strong and we probably didn’t see the Medtronic's sort to be as aggressive as we thought they were going to be during this early launch period.
Michael A. Mussallem: You are making smile Raj you know that obviously there wouldn’t be something that we would talk about. We value keeping confidential our next generation development as you might imagine we do work on next generation products. We are working products beyond SAPIEN 3 and beyond CENTERA and you can be sure of that but we don’t have anything to announce at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah I think what we said in our results are about 50% of the sales this quarter were from SAPIEN 3. So I am not sure that it speaks in to some extend the sales are probably a little bit of lagging indicator of exactly what’s going on. The conversion across Europe is happening at pretty much our planned pace which is pretty aggressive. We first went into our largest hospitals for the most part and those have been the people we have gone to first but we are just working our way through this in a very uniform fashion. We are pleased with what’s going on. I mean you think about we have got a 35% underlying growth over U.S. and so that’s even better than we expected.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, there is rapid conversion that’s going on from SAPIEN to SAPIEN XT. It’s been greatly anticipated and that’s been moving very quickly. We expect the vast majority of hospitals to be converted by the end of Q3.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks Bob. We expect there is going to be a number of key presentations at TCT related to the partner trail. We just don’t know right now which ones are being accepted. Remember that partnered data in a publication office that’s jointly managed with clinicians and the exactly how that’s going to roll out is not clear to us yet but we expect there to be news.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well as we have mentioned we already enrolled our 500 patients high risk trial that was done in 2013 and we’re rapidly enrolling the 1,000 intermediate risk that will be -- we felt like enrolled here over the next several months. In addition to that there is European data and the European data is not only the data that was used for CE mark but there is Europe registry that’s collecting data for SAPIEN 3. So, there is fair amount of data out there already you know quite a lot of patient and so the ability to be able to use that to access the performance will be what’s key determinant and our ability to make any more aggressive arguments.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, it’s not fair to say that we are expecting to get a warning letter I think what we say it is that we had a significant number of 483 observations in that. We have two things that we are doing you know one is applying additional resources to our CSS operations and the other focus effort on the action plan around the XT delivery and those two things are driving from cost are not going to detail those out but those significant and they are having they are having an impact on the earnings growth here in the near term.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. It's something we've been spending a lot of time thinking about and talking about with our Board and listening to what investors are thinking and hearing out there. At this point we think the right thing to do is to preserve the cash and liquid shorter duration investments and have it available for share repurchase and potentially down the road funding and it kind of acquisitions. But well, we like buying back our stock. We demonstrated that we brought back stock by $800 million in 2013 or the first quarter of 2014. We also want to be careful about how much we buyback all once we believe in – averaging but you should expect that overtime we're going to active in the share repurchase market. I don't think we likely negative – cash sitting our balance sheet but we're also very deliberate and disciplined on how we spend it. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks Mike. We're going to need to let other ask questions after this. But yeah, to your broad point, yes, our focus is structural heart but also critical care technologies so we're focused on our core. Our intention is not some kind of a broad diversification strategy. And even though you maybe haven’t seen do anything that really sizable or public, we have been active out there looking for the new bright ideas that we might we use, that can be meaningful in the area of structural heart and critical care technologies in the future. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks Glenn. Yeah, in an effort to make sure that we were an aggressive competitor we made the conversion from SAPIEN XT to SAPIEN 3 essentially at the same prices. We had a few places where so for example in the UK where pound didn’t move where we made some adjustments but overall pricing is pretty much flat or pretty much constant with the one thing being some discounts for large volume customers.  Much of the same is true in the U.S. where we're moving customers are helping them move from SAPIEN to SAPIEN XT at same prices and so continuing to use the 30,000 for modeling purposes is still a good surrogate.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks Glenn. The bottom line is pretty immature to be able to anticipate a pathway to commercialization. We're still in the midst of our first in human experience still learning a lot and we want to let ourselves complete that experience and gain all that knowledge and insight before we decide on any clinical trial or regulatory pathways. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, as you can imagine it’s a scenario of focus for us. We do get improvement that comes along with volume but you also have to anticipate that we anticipated some of that volume improvement. So that’s in front of us I hesitate to give the really guidance on margin for 2015 at this point Ben. we will provide a lot more clarity on that when we get into our Investor Conference in December.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, it is possible I think you all know the clinician community pretty well. If they have some things that they are able to report on and they get accepted by TCT it would be presented by them yeah, I just don’t know how to be able to advise you on that.
Michael A. Mussallem: All right, thanks very much for your continued interest in Edwards; Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that back to your David.
Scott B. Ullem: The other big thing that’s going in that line is just the effect of FX flowing through versus the rates in the second quarter of last year. So FX is the big driver of that shift in the gross margin
Scott B. Ullem: Hey, Larry its Scott. On the guidance for royalties we booked $4.7 million in the second quarter as you know. We expect that for the full year will be around $25 million give or take. There is nominal royalty on top of the U.S. royalty for outside U.S. sales and that will contribute to that the total that we end up booking but $25 million range is the right assumption for now.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah, sure Kristen hey there a lot of different elements to this and maybe the easiest way to approach it is to say the re-order sales for commercial combined with clinical was $92 million. Three other elements that influenced the GAAP result were or the net stocking charge, royalty and the sales return reserve and that’s again to that $86 million that’s on the far left hand of the schedule on the website. 
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, if you had $6 million in the sales return reserve you get the $92 million which is inclusive of the other three elements.
