Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Bernard, and good afternoon, everyone. As Bernard mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter total company sales performance and progress on our strategic milestones. In addition, we achieved $0.66 of adjusted earnings per share. Our GAAP earnings per share of $0.58 included onetime expenses associated with our planned spin-off of Critical Care. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted EPS for this and other items is included with today's release.  For the second quarter, we're projecting sales of $1.62 billion to $1.70 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.67 to $0.71. And now I'll cover additional details of our P&L.  In Q1, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76% compared to 77.5% in the same period last year. This expected year-over-year reduction was driven by a more favorable impact from foreign exchange in the prior year. We continue to expect our full year 2024 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%, driven by high-value technologies that yield strong gross profit margins.  Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter were $490 million or 30.6% of sales compared to $436 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by an expansion of transcatheter field-based personnel in support of our growth strategy. We expect full year 2024 SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 30% as we continue to invest in field-based personnel and patient activation initiatives.  Research and development expense in the first quarter grew 9% over the prior year to $285 million or 17.8% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter aortic valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. For the full year 2024, we continue to expect R&D to be 17% to 18% of sales as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence for our structural heart disease initiatives, with the goal of treating even more patients.  Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 14.3% or 14%, excluding the impact of special items. Our favorable non-GAAP rate in the first quarter includes a higher-than-expected benefit from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our 2024 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 14% and 17%.  Foreign exchange rates decreased first quarter reported sales growth by 40 basis points or $5 million compared to the prior year. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our first quarter gross profit margin by 160 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our January guidance, FX rates had a nominal impact on first quarter earnings per share. At current FX rates, we now expect a $70 million or 1% negative impact to full year 2024 sales versus the prior year.  Regarding the previously announced spinoff of Critical Care, preparations are ongoing. We anticipate completing the unaudited carve-out financial statements next month and we are on track to obtain a tax-free ruling from the IRS by year-end. We are currently assessing capital structure options for the spin-off company, and we plan to share details with investors later this year.  During the first quarter, we incurred $41 million of onetime costs associated with the spin-off. Additional onetime costs will be incurred throughout 2024. Free cash flow for the first quarter was reduced by a $305 million deposit, contingent upon the resolution of a tax dispute and $20 million of payments associated with the spin-off of Critical Care. Excluding the impact of these items, adjusted free cash flow was $206 million, and we continue to expect full year 2024 adjusted free cash flow will grow to between $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion.  So before turning the call back over to Bernard, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet of approximately $1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of March 31. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2024 to be between 600 million and 610 million. We have approximately $1 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization.  And so with that, I'll pass it back over to Bernard. 
Scott Ullem: I can give a little bit more commentary on the billing days. So outside of the U.S. is where we really felt it. We saw 2 billing days difference in Europe and Japan. Overall, globally, we saw 1 billing day difference. And so it had an impact. To your question about do we see any more impact later in the year? Yes, in Q3, we've got a billing days impact that goes the other direction as well. 
Scott Ullem: Yes, that's right. We brought revenue guidance up nearly $150 million, and you're right, we kept our $2.70 to $2.80 range the same. There are a couple of reasons. One was we ended up with a lower tax rate in the first quarter than we expected. Not sure that we're going to be able to maintain that low of a tax rate the rest of this year. The other one is it's just early in the year. And so we'll talk more about how EPS is trending 3 months from now. But we decided at this point early in the year, we just keep it the same. We think the top end of the range can accommodate multiple different scenarios that could play out in the rest of 2024. 
Scott Ullem: Let's hold off on product line profitability. Suffice it to say, it was a good top line quarter, and that's helping our bottom line as well. 
Scott Ullem: And Matt, it's Scott, your question about SG&A. You heard us say in the opening remarks that we're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be around the top end of our original range of 29% to 30%. And that move up a little bit was largely based upon the increased investments that we're making in field resources and patient access initiatives.  And it also kind of gets to Larry Biegelsen's earlier question about why we didn't move EPS guidance range up yet. We've been waiting to see how sales trended here at the beginning of the year before deciding how aggressively we wanted to go after some of these investment initiatives. And based upon first quarter sales, we're going to move forward with some of those, and that's the reason we're moving up our spending outlook. 
Scott Ullem: I mean, I think the question was how many centers do you think we'll be ready to do procedures once the NTAP is active. And I think what we can say is, certainly, the sites that have been involved in clinical trialing are going to be ready to activate beyond that. We're just going to be strategic and deliberate about where we activate. 
Scott Ullem: Sure. In the third quarter, order of magnitude, same thing. It's about a day globally and geographically, very similar. Europe or Eastern Europe a day or 2 days, everywhere else a day. So it's really a day across the board in the third quarter. 
Scott Ullem: Yes, most of the regions are one day in the third quarter, whereas in the first quarter, we had Europe and Japan at 2 days, but I'm not sure that level of precision is that important. Suffice it to say, in aggregate, in total, it's a day in the first quarter, and the day in the third quarter. 
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. We are pleased with a strong start to the year as we continue to focus on helping even more patients worldwide and driving growth with leading innovative technologies. We remain confident in our increased 2024 financial outlook and look forward to launching breakthrough technologies and progressing multiple important clinical trials, while aggressively investing into our future.  In closing, we believe Edwards is uniquely positioned to deliver sustainable growth driven by our significant investment focused on structural heart to address the large and growing needs of patients impacted by aortic, mitral and tricuspid disease.  With that, I pass it back to Mark to open up Q&A. 
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Robbie. This is a good question. So we are obviously very pleased about the early physician feedback, which has been very, very strong on EVOQUE. We were able to achieve an excellent procedural outcome. Now back to your question about our performance in Q1, very little about EVOQUE. We have seen a very clear momentum on PASCAL, PASCAL in Europe, PASCAL in the U.S. And we are very pleased about our expansion and adoption of PASCAL globally basically. But I'm going to ask Daveen to add some details here. 
Bernard Zovighian: And maybe in addition, Larry, I'm very proud about what we are doing. We are the only one basically having a deep commitment to advancing science for AS patients through the progress and early TAVR trial. So this is truly our commitment, but we feel that there is a ton of potential. These patients are underdiagnosed [indiscernible],  and we are committed to offer treatment for these patients. So as a company, very proud about how we do all of this. 
Bernard Zovighian: So let me, Larry, let me add something about it. I know that there were plenty of questions about that trial at ACC. I was not at ACC. But our strategy to bring basically groundbreaking science, the highest quality of evidence to help over 1 million of patients who are not being treated today and being able to unlock this large tier market potential, this is what we are doing. This is our strategy.  So you know us very well. In the last 10 years, we studied 12,000 symptomatic severe aortic patients across mainly FDA-approved studies. And today, again, we are the only company conducting a groundbreaking research into the treatment of AS through early TAVR in progress. So again, I can tell you I'm very proud about who we are as a leader in structural heart disease. I think what happened at ACC [indiscernible] an interesting study more than anything else. 
Bernard Zovighian: It is fair to say that so far, we have not faced a big challenge in terms of center, having a lack of capacity to be able to treat the patients, whether TAVR patients or EVOQUE patients. 
Bernard Zovighian: Probably fair to say that NTAP will have a big impact next year and after, but not necessarily this year. 
Bernard Zovighian: Maybe I will add something. About 6, 7 years ago, we believed that having repair and replacement for both mitral and tricuspid was going to be important. Today, we are confident that indeed it is the case. And this will provide physician options to treat many patients and to best select what therapy for what patient. So if you're asking what exactly the technology for that patient, I think it is still early. We still -- we need probably more time, more research to do that. But for sure, I think this portfolio puts basically a physician in a driver seat to make the best decision for their patient, which is what we wanted initially. And as a result, this is going to unlock this very large opportunity and we are going to see a sustainable growth from TMTT in the years to come. 
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you so much. Thanks, everyone. I want to close with offering some big-picture comment about the quarter. Obviously, we are very pleased about the strong performance for the company growing 10%. And when you think about it, this is the result of the strategy we put in place years ago. What we have today is a diversified portfolio with TAVR, mitral tricuspid and surgical, all of them contributing to the performance of the company.  TAVR, for sure, it is the largest business for us. It's still our #1 focus. TAVR has a lot of growth potential. But mitral and tricuspid are now contributing in a very meaningful manner for the performance of the company. So it is why we are so confident longer term that we are going to deliver a sustainable growth quarter after quarter, year after year with all of the catalysts we are having.  Again, thanks for your interest. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to reach out to Scott and Mark or myself. Have a great day. Thank you. 
Daveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks so much, Bernard. Thanks for the question, Robbie. Yes. And to follow up with Bernard's comments, obviously, the vast majority of our growth came from PASCAL, [indiscernible]. And overall though, we continue to be really pleased with the initial launch of EVOQUE both in Europe and the U.S. Right now, we're just starting to steadily kind of activate sites. We've had really good clinical outcomes, very consistent with what we saw in the clinical trial. And we see really predictable times and predictable procedure times is something that, obviously, physicians really love to see. We see that both at old sites that [indiscernible] as well as new sites that we've opened up kind of in Europe.  The only thing comment I'll make is it's really early in our journey, but our experience in Europe, especially where we've had PASCAL approved for tricuspid since 2020, really reinforces the fact or the need that we want to have a portfolio of both repair and replacement technologies because tricuspid patients are so complex and so diverse. So I'll stop there. 
Daveen Chopra: Yes, this is Daveen. I'll answer that. No, honestly, if you look at quarter 1, no, I don't really think there was any significant kind of direct pull-through from EVOQUE versus PASCAL. But if you pull back up, I think us having our portfolio product to treat the maximum number of patients by having repair and replacement technologies for both mitral and tricuspid help show our leadership and that physicians would then want to continue to work with us as leaders in the space.  I think so there's always going to be a continued kind of link in that way. But when we look at kind of growth opportunities and what's happening for growth overall, if I look at PASCAL, in Q1, we continue to open up new centers. We continue to grow in the centers that we work with and that we continue to gain -- work with physicians more deeply in that way, which I think was fantastic.  Additionally, and we think that will continue for quarters going into the future. Additionally, we continue to grow geographically, right? There are also countries in the world where we're just kind of bringing PASCAL for the first time. We're in the new kind of the initial stages of where we'll be at PASCAL. So we think that's going to be an important opportunity. And then clearly, that's PASCAL. And number two, EVOQUE, right? We see EVOQUE being a long runway for us of growth across the board. And then we've talked about the future, we will also then bring our M3 -- SAPIEN M3 transcatheter mitral valve to the market, which will add another layer of kind of growth for the future. And I think having all these technologies together really provides a leadership role that we can have. 
Daveen Chopra: Yes. I mean I'll just add maybe some comments about the -- maybe the capacity question that you kind of asked, right? [indiscernible] in mitral repair [indiscernible] technology that's been around for several years and continues to grow with more and more patients being treated. The number of patients being treated and kind of EVOQUE, is relatively small in quarter 1 and for the future just based on these very large, more established numbers of procedures. So for us, overall, I don't necessarily believe that the EVOQUE procedures for any time in the near future are going to affect overall capacity. But I do also -- and to carry on to Larry's point, we collaborate very well together to ensure that when we're opening up a center or working with center for the first time, we're working with that center to ensure that they do have the capacity to then add in these incremental procedures. 
Daveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. Appreciate it. Yes. So first, just a couple of comments. We really believe that EVOQUE offers exceptional clinical and economic benefit to both patients and health care systems. We think that's a key factor. And we've seen a great increasing interest in demand from physicians to help have this technology to treat their patients. So the results, I think we're going to see continued centers opening up and continued kind of patient growth each quarter. If you think about [indiscernible] CMS is actually proposing to move forward [indiscernible]. And then we hope that, as you said, to start October 1. And that helps make up any incremental cost between the cost of EVOQUE procedure versus the existing DRG, which is that DRG for TAVR and TEER. So we think that will continue to add to it. But between now and that, we continue to see a lot of interest from physicians as well center systems because we think this technology does so much for patients. 
Daveen Chopra: Yes. This is Daveen again. I'll make a couple of comments on this one. Generally, yes, we are believers that both repair and replacement technology for each valve really helps treat the maximum number of patients. These patients and these disease states are heterogeneous. There's no one magic bullet. There are a lot of patients that continue to need different types of technologies.  I think all of us, the physician community, the medical community, ourselves, we're all continuing to work and figure out which product repair or replacement is right for what patient. Do we have a clean answer today? No, but we continue to work on it and have some ideas, definitely so.  With technologies like EVOQUE, we see like this unique elimination of TR, big quality of life improvement. And we see these favorable trends that all cause mortality and heart failure hospitalizations, along with a very predictable procedure, very clean kind of times.  In Europe now, we're starting to have a little -- we already have PASCAL for now a couple of years in Europe PASCAL tricuspid, where people really love PASCAL where it has some really great features for the tricuspid valve, really atraumatic [indiscernible], et cetera. But physicians there are starting to see how EVOQUE makes a lot of sense for certain segments of their patients.  So no, we haven't quite figured out the exact mix of these patients, but we know both are really important for treating the most patients. 
Daveen Chopra: And I'll leave it up on your comment about kind of the clinical data, right? And that's why it's so important that we continue to enroll in trials like CLASP II TR. So that's our tricuspid trial, right? It's a randomized study where getting more data and understanding how these different technologies can really help patients. It's super important for ourselves. So not only post-market studies for EVOQUE but also these other randomized studies, pre-market studies that are so important to collect this data to continue to understand where these technologies can work best for patients. 
Daveen Chopra: So this is Daveen. On the NTAP comment, we believe right now, each quarter, we continue to open up new centers. We continue to train physicians on it, and it's a steady state, nice growth and providing the technology to more patients. And we've seen a lot of demand from physicians for this technology for these patients.  I think to Bernard's point, NTAP adds a continued allowance of growth as it gets to more scale, that will really help support 2025 and 2026 growth. And then the second question was -- I missed the second part of your question. 
Daveen Chopra: And we're going to focus on centers that are already the higher-volume tricuspid centers that have their infrastructure set up, have their right side imaging set up. So it's going to be just a steady kind of growth [indiscernible] moving to other high-volume tricuspid centers. 
Larry Wood: Yes. I don't have a lot to add. We saw good progression throughout the quarter. It's always a little slow in January as we come out of the break, but we are pleased with how the quarter went overall. And we remain excited about the year. We have a lot of activities on patient activation. We have a huge data set coming out of TCT that I think all of us are going to be excited to see what that say, what those data say and how they inform the field. And so I continue to believe we have a long runway long term with TAVR and it is good to see the U.S. kind of out COVID, I think, finally in the rearview mirror, and we can just focus on accelerating patient care. 
Larry Wood: Yes, thanks. Yes, overall, we felt good about the quarter, and we just talked about the U.S. We saw a lot of strength in Japan, but Europe was -- it grew year-over-year and it grew sequentially, and we lost a couple of billing days. But even with that, we were a little bit disappointed with our overall growth in Europe. We saw some pretty aggressive pricing from competitors that I think led to some trialing. But we're really excited that we're launching S3UR that actually starts this month, and we're excited to bring that technology to Europe, and we expect these to normalize through the course of the year. 
Larry Wood: Yes. We have a lot of patient activation activities where there's a lot of work that we do. We have multiple fronts, and Egnite is just one part of our strategy there. But we're excited about what these technologies can do. And there are so many patients, if you look at the [indiscernible] publication, and I know he's spoken to you guys before, there's just a lot of patients upstream that aren't moving through the system at the speed in which they should. And I think there's a patient identification aspect, there's a referral aspect.  So we have multiple work streams working on this. But I think the appreciation and understanding for the undertreatment of aortic stenosis is growing. And I think as that grows and people start to understand the magnitude of the problem, I think it gives more opportunity for our patient activation strategy to take hold. 
Larry Wood: Yes. Yes, we do expect to have procedures to ramp. That's always been a part of our plan, and so we continue to expect that to happen. And I think it's a lot of things, Larry, I think it's a lot of our patient activation work. But it's also just the market continues to improve, and we're very pleased where we finished Q4 last year. We were happy with the ramp in Q1. So I think we do expect to see an increase in Q2 over Q1. But even with that, we expect the second half to have a higher growth rate than the first half. So I think that that's good.  And as it relates to the SMART trial, I mean, we talked a lot about it at ACC. I think it's just a reminder, and we've talked about this before, but the decision on what valve to use is multifactorial. It's never been about one criteria. It's never been about one data point. And so we continue to have confidence in our platform and the value proposition and with our Ultra RESILIA technology and all the other things that we're doing that we always model in competition, but we feel very good about our platform and our leadership. 
Larry Wood: Sure. So the AHA program, we're very excited to partner with the AHA on this. And you're looking for an analog years and years ago, the whole door-to-balloon drive where they created a quality metric that was based on time. And because we know the faster when a patient is having an MI, they get a balloon across that lesion, the survival rate rises dramatically, and it's critical that they do that.  But for AS, we really don't have any quality initiatives around the time from diagnosis to treatment. And I will say most centers sort of start the clock when the patient ends up with the heart team, and they think they do it pretty quickly. But the part of the story that they miss is the upstream component. From the time that patients got that first echo that they have severe disease, sometimes there's a long journey before the patient actually gets referred to the heart team. And we're trying to do is work on a time metric like door-to-balloon where every patient has to get treated within 90 days of diagnosis.  And one of the first things that it does is centers have to go back and look at what their own data say. And most centers think they're doing a good job and when they actually dig deep and find their own data, they find out they're not gearing near as well as they thought they were. But if we can get this quality metric implemented, then it would completely change the urgency around patients move through the system. It would be a quality metric they would have to report on.  So we continue to expand this initiative but the real goal is to make a guideline or quality metric be part of the system where centers would have to report on it. And we think we do that, it could dramatically improve patient care because we know these AS patients do not wait well. They have very high mortality rates. If you go all the way back to [indiscernible], which was the higher risk patients, they had a 50% mortality rate a year when left untreated, and that mortality rate starts very quickly in the process. So we're very excited to partner with AHA, and they're a great partner for us because they have demonstrated expertise in getting these sorts of things put in place. 
Larry Wood: Yes, thanks. Well, none of us know the trial results as yet. That won't happen until later this year. So if the trial is positive and obviously, the more positive trial is, the more benefit that you get from it. But I think it's really about how patients get referred for therapy. And I think that, that's going to be the key thing. So I think it speaks to the treatment in referral for aortic stenosis and the time frame we should do that more than a specific therapy.  Now that being said, it is a randomized trial against the SAPIEN platform. And so if you're going to think about treating patients earlier, you're going to have a platform that delivers outstanding clinical outcomes, right? You're going to have to have those low mortality rates. And this is where we think our platform really shines because, if you look at, again, our PARTNER 3 low-risk data, we had 99% survival rate at one year. We had 90% survival rate at 5 years and very low complication rates. And that's probably more in line with the patient population that would be asymptomatic, is really more towards a lower-risk patient population. And we're the only one to make the investments in that trial at this point. So -- but I do think it speaks to the deadliness of the disease broadly. 
Larry Wood: Yes. We had a good Q4 in Europe. And so this does feel like it's probably more temporary, and it's something that we're going to put a little bit more focus on. We do sell at a premium in Europe and some people were pretty aggressive with discounting. And I think we have to beat that with our value proposition and with new technology. And we're super excited [indiscernible] the U.S. at this point and Japan, it's a brand-new product for Europe. They have no experience with it. So we're excited because it's the only platform in anywhere that has the RESILIA technology. And again, this is something that's been on our market-leading surgical valves for -- we're probably approaching a decade now.  So it's a huge milestone for us to be able to get this technology into Europe. And we do think that physicians still are going to make their long-term product decision based on what's best for their patients. 
Larry Wood: Yes. I appreciate the question, Danielle. It's a little hard to quantify. We're still putting some of these systems in place. And remember, it's not just identifying the patients. People have to start [indiscernible] the way patients get referred and the way they come in. And so I think we're really, really pleased with the pilots that we've run in the places that we've gone. We very clearly identify that there's an upstream population that many of the centers didn't even know existed. And now how we tap into those, how we move those patients through the system, how they add capacity to address these patients. That's where the pilot centers are kind of in that phase now. But we -- when I spoke of this in the investor conference, we have, in our minds, 100% validated the undertreatment of aortic stenosis. We've done it in enough centers with enough different people. It's been backed by enough publications, really even leading academic programs. Now it's a matter of going through all of the steps to get these patients off the sidelines and get the proper therapy.  And -- but this is going to be something -- it's not a day -- one day, there's going to be this massive step function. It's going to be this continued effort over time. But again, it's going to be the thing that drives our growth over, I think, a very extended period of time. 
Larry Wood: Yes. I'm not going to get into guidance, and I really want to be cautious not to speculate on trials that are in flight. We'll see the data at TCT. And after we see that data, then I'll be happy to talk about what I think the repercussions are and how I think it plays out.  What I can tell you is the patient journey right now is a complicated one. Patients get diagnosed with severe aortic stenosis. And then they had this [indiscernible] layer on top of it, which is do you have symptoms, are the symptoms attributable to aortic stenosis, are the symptoms enough to refer you for care. And there's a number of patients, even though the guidelines say any symptoms or cost for referral, there's a large number of patients that are being held upstream because somebody has decided the symptoms aren't significant enough.  So instead of this being a mathematical equation, it sort of turns into almost Olympic figure skating with all this judgment. And when you end up with older people that have more comorbidities, that gets even more confusing and more challenging. If asymptomatic is successful and we have a powerful trial there, then it should simply move to track and field. It should just be a matter of if your aortic stenosis goes below 1.0, you should immediately be referred to a heart team for care. And I think that streamlining of care is going to be what makes the difference and takes a lot of the noise out of the system. 
Larry Wood: Yes. That's a great question, Josh. And clearly, you're deep on our platform and the details. I think the concept of this variable sizing is really being able to tailor our valve to the patient, rather than driving the patient to a nominal, we can adjust our valve and make it different.  As it relates to hemodynamics, we presented data at TRT that showed the improvements that we made with S3UR with the RESILIA tissue, we saw a pretty significant reduction in gradient. And so if you need a copy of that presentation, I'm sure Mark can get it to you. So we've already made a lot of those enhancements to our UR platform and X4 is a RESILIA platform as well. So we would expect those benefits to be there as well. 
Larry Wood: The -- our platform with its frame design and its coronary access is really the ideal platform for that second procedure but it's also the ideal platform to use in that second procedure. I think a valve needs to be a good host but it needs to be a good guest, and that's, I think going to be critically important.  We -- if you go all the way back to the PARTNER I trials that are older now, those patients were 83 years old at the time of implantation. We're just sort of probably getting into that range now where [indiscernible] TAVR is just kind of probably start hitting a little bit of an inflection point in the next couple of years. And I think as time goes by, that is going to be a bigger part of the story. But again, we think our platform is very well suited for that and it's good for patients.  The idea that if you have [indiscernible] make up a number, 10 years of durability, but they can get a second procedure and get another 10 or 15 years of durability out of it, you have equivalent of 25-year durability without a patient having to have an open-heart procedure. And I think that's incredibly powerful for patients. 
