Thomas M. Abate: Thanks, Mike. Turning to the financials. This quarter, our strong sales performance in valves allowed us to achieve diluted EPS of $0.68, representing growth of 17% over the prior year. At the same time, we increased our R&D investments by 14%. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.1 million shares for $250 million and now project fully diluted shares outstanding to be between $111 million and $112 million at year end. Just after the end of the quarter, we issued $600 million of 5-year notes at 2 7/8% and fully paid down the $532 million balance on our revolving credit facility. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 73.8% compared to 75.1% in the same period last year. The reduction was driven by higher manufacturing costs as we prepare for the SAPIEN XT launch in the U.S. and SAPIEN 3 launch in Europe, as well as the reduced benefit from foreign exchange of 40 basis points. These items were partially offset by a more profitable product mix of 180 basis points. Excluding special items for the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect our gross profit margin to remain at approximately 74%. Third quarter SG&A expenses were 36.4% of sales or $180 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by U.S. and Japan transcatheter valve launch-related expenses and U.S. Medical Device Tax, partially offset by lower incentive compensation and FX. As a percentage of sales, SG&A should decrease in the fourth quarter, and we continue to expect SG&A to be between 36% and 37% of sales for the full year. We continue to aggressively invest in R&D, and spending in the quarter grew 14% to $84 million or 17% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in multiple heart valve clinical studies. For the full year, we continue to expect R&D to be approximately 16% of sales. Net interest expense for the quarter was $1 million. In the fourth quarter, we expect net interest expense will increase to approximately $4 million to $5 million as a result of the $600 million debt issuance earlier this month. We estimate our recent share repurchases will largely offset the EPS impact of the higher interest expense and, therefore, have a neutral effect on our fourth quarter EPS. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 23%, down from 25.9% in the prior year, due primarily to the absence of the federal R&D tax credit last year and favorable reserve adjustments this year. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be at the low end of our 23% to 24% range. FX rates negatively impacted third quarter sales by $9 million compared to the prior year, driven by the weakening of the yen. Compared to our recent guidance, FX rates negatively impacted EPS by $0.01. At current FX rates, we now expect a $45 million negative impact to full year 2013 sales. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $110 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $147 million, less capital spending of $37 million. For 2013, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $270 million and $310 million. Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $758 million. Total debt increased to $532 million as a result of our share repurchases during the quarter. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 58 days and our inventory turns were 1.7, both consistent with the prior quarter. Turning to our sales and earnings guidance. At current exchange rates, for the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group, we are raising the bottom end of our range now expect -- and now expect sales of $780 million to $810 million. In transcatheter heart valves, we have tightened the range to $700 million to $730 million, which reflects U.S. sales at the low end of our $350 million to $400 million range and stronger o U.S. performance. In the Critical Care product group, we now expect sales at the low end of our previous $530 million to $570 million range. In summary, we are reiterating our full year guidance, with sales of $2 billion to $2.1 billion and earnings per diluted share excluding special items of $3 to $3.10. For the quarter -- for the fourth quarter of 2013, we project total sales of $520 million to $550 million; and diluted EPS, excluding special items, to be between $0.81 and $0.85. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Thomas M. Abate: Yes, that's a good question. I think we're going to see the inventory effects throughout the launch. It's going to continue into 2014. When exactly? I don't have a date. But there's a number of things that are involved with the training and inventory and so forth. So I think that's likely to continue into the future. I'd say this -- the benefit -- we're still seeing some benefit in this quarter from FX, if you just isolate the current quarter. But that's pretty much gone by next quarter. So we had a strong first half. Remember, we were getting help, 150 to 100 basis points. We also had a real strong benefit last year, second half. So -- but that's tapering down. Now, of course, as you wrap around rates, whenever you have a big movement, that's pretty normal until the next movement. So predicting FX, we'll take another shot at it in December but it's always a variable.
Thomas M. Abate: Yes, it's difficult to predict. We need to get the actual approval dates behind us and see how these launches are actually going to work, how aggressively, we'll look at inventory in both cases. But our goal is to get everything that we can outside the U.S. to XT, including the U.S. So it will give us some efficiencies. Obviously, S3 will be the leader. But next year, it's probably mainly Europe that we're looking at. So being able to drop SAPIEN should help. I don't know how quickly we would see that benefit, probably a little bit of time before we get that work through the system because we do still have some -- we'd still have SAPIEN in some indications in the U.S.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. We continue to project double-digit underlying sales growth in 2013 and believe that our many clinical and commercial accomplishments this year have strengthened our leadership. This positions us well for continued success, and we remain committed to developing innovative technologies in structural heart disease and critical care that provide clinicians with transformational therapies to treat their patients. Before we open it up with the questions, I'd like to remind you about our 2013 Investor Conference on Monday, December 9, in New York, where we'll provide an update on our new technologies, as well as our outlook for 2014. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Larry. Yes, the -- we actually -- we expect a good quarter in the fourth quarter, and I think there's enough guidance out there, with 3 quarters under our belt and you now have our full year expectation. You have a pretty good feel of what we think is going to happen. But yes, if you're just looking at growth rates on a reported basis, you have to take into account what you mentioned, which is the fact that we had a positive net stocking in the fourth quarter of last year that was pretty substantial. Remember, that was the quarter when the Cohort A was approved and transapical came into being. And so that was a boost for the quarter as much in stocking. As you see this quarter, actually, we had negative net stocking and we wouldn't be surprised if it would stay -- it certainly is not going to be the positive driver that it was in the fourth quarter of last year.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Yes, as you can imagine, it's quite a process for us to move forward with a first-in-man experience. And I think the good news that you should take away from our continued statement that it's likely this year is that we continue to make progress and to achieve milestones along that way. And we really don't have much more to share. Just wanted to let you know that we're going to provide an update at the Investor Conference in December. And so I'd say, really stay tuned for that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a good point. So just to keep in mind what's going on there, recall that in anticipation of the injunction that Medtronic provided some excess sales, it appears, to their accounts, and I think they acknowledged that. And so there's some inventory that still remains and we believe that, that was being worked off to some extent in the third quarter. There's a difference of opinion on the court's interpretation. We feel that the court expected customers to return product, Medtronic has not ask their customers to do that. And so we've gone back to court to provide clarity in that regard. And further, as you know, we proactively provided for compassionate cases and have a specific set of valves that we thought were appropriate that wouldn't be appropriately treated with an Edwards system. I think Medtronic may have a different interpretation or broader interpretation of that. We're also asking the court for clarity on that point.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, we don't believe that the U.S. market is plateauing. I think the TVT Registry has a substantial look back there. I'm not sure that you're able to really draw conclusions from the collection of that data. And our experience is that there's still a growing market in the U.S., and I think that the results this quarter that we believe that procedures versus third quarter a year ago grew approximately 80% is a pretty good indication that this is not a flat market.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Jason. Yes, as you pointed out, there were significant clinical sales this quarter, larger than they've been in the past, particularly because there was pretty stout enrollment of the PARTNER II trial with SAPIEN XT. And if you just step back, I think a reasonable way to think about this is those cases that are being done clinically could very well have been done commercially. And I like to look at the total number of procedures that are happening and think that clinical volume should be sort of added to the commercial volume when you consider what is the demand that's in the marketplace. So I think that's a correct observation. We expect the clinical demand to stay pretty robust here in the future. And you have to remember that there's also competitive clinical demand as well. So I think that's worth taking into account when you think about just how big the market is or how fast it's growing.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Well, I think one of the things that we indicated is over time, the impact of stocking and consignment will diminish. And so we think that'll be a less pronounced effect in 2014 than it is in 2013. You're right, we're not going to give specific guidance about 2014. But the high procedural success rate gives us confidence that we've got a very robust and growing procedure base, and that will continue. And one of the biggest headwinds, I think, to growth so far has been some of the economic concerns, and those just continue to improve over time. We still have a young procedure. And that is, we believe, getting considerably better on a consistent basis. And so we think that's really what will provide the underlying lift for continued growth next year. And as you point out, in Europe, here we are -- this is the sixth year after introduction, and Europe just had a growth quarter of about 20%. So pretty remarkable. I know it's maybe the comparison last year was at the depth of some problems in Europe. But nonetheless, it's pretty encouraging to see how that's going.
Michael A. Mussallem: Expect it to be at the low end of that range. Correct. We kept the overall global range the same because of the stronger o U.S. performance.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I don't know about that, Mike, we understand that they are struggling to enroll that trial. And I think that probably as a result, that there's a...
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that doesn't sound likely to us. We're not sure that STS captures all the factors. Sometimes what confounds that is the frailty or porcelain aorta. So maybe that's confounding the statistics. But broadly, we think people are pretty disciplined about the way that they utilize the valves.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question. And we'll get deeper into that at the Investor Conference. But big picture is yes, there will be some pressure and some cannibalization, of course. But we think that the awareness of aortic stenosis is going to increase. It's a largely untreated population, and that there are likely to be more people that flow into the system. And so we'll get a boost from that. And so we're not sure that it's just purely a subtractive effect.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks. I think at this point, great, great majority. I don't know the exact number. But my estimate would be 95% or more of sites in the U.S. are trained on transapical approach.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We continue to be optimistic about the U.S. market. I think the improving economics will be gradual, but I think they will be deliberate, and we'll see that. And we think as economics improve, that it will stimulate hospitals to increase their capacity and to further develop their referral networks. So that's just the -- it would be an underlying boost. Remember, we expect a SAPIEN XT approval next year, which we think is also very helpful and that [ph] comes along with additional sizes. So we think that also helps increase the number of patients that you might touch in the United States compared to just the SAPIEN technology that's there today.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think that's right. Overall, we believe that profitability is not only improving, we think that most hospitals today are profitable on a per procedure basis. And as they improve their economics, for example, improve their length of stay and have proper discharge planning, yes, the benefit comes to the hospitals.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We really haven't gone to the point where we lay out the specific milestones. I think as we mentioned, we go through quite a process. Our -- all of our in vitro tests, as well as the early preclinical tests that we would do, both on acute animals and chronic animals, it's quite a process. And I don't know that it's appropriate to get into that in a deliberate way. I -- we think there's a lot to learn in a first-in-man. There are no great models for really doing this in the mitral position. And so I think getting in front of ourselves would be inappropriate. We're going to try and bring this more to life when we're with you at the Investor Conference. And so we'll try and get much deeper. But I think at this point, we'll hesitate to make any projections beyond that we think it's likely that we're going to get in the first-in-man, and we look forward to that experience.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks. We've been really pleased with both the -- what the market's been doing in Europe and also our performance compared to competitors. And that's gone very well. And we felt like we leave the third quarter with a lot of momentum. I think what was just approved this morning is no surprise to us. This is fully what we expected, and that's fully anticipated in our guidance.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, David. I think we need to bring you with us to the next FDA meeting, so you can explain to them that XT is not a novel valve and that they should rapidly move to approve this. We try to make similar arguments but they're pretty convinced that it is a unique and novel valve. And we're pretty pleased. We think that profile change is going to be substantial. I'm not sure everybody really thinks about the difference of moving from a 24-French system to an 18-French eSheath. That's a big change that customers are going to go through, and I think it's going to have a big impact on patients. In addition, I also mentioned that we have -- we'll have a range of sizes that are significant, and that will make a difference as well. There are patients that are being excluded today because we can't serve them with a 23 and 26 millimeter size.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, maybe I'll just to add to Tom's answer that although we do pick up efficiency when we'd leave SAPIEN and go to XT, we will be producing a more expensive SAPIEN 3 valve as we move forward, so...
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. No, we haven't changed our view. Of course, we would love to have the label be not only inoperable but high risk. But at this point, we don't have any reason to be able to really provide any guidance on that, Kristen. It -- the trial provide -- you're familiar with where -- what the trial tested.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think that your broad assumption is correct. If that were to persist, then we would have to keep SAPIEN going as well as XT, as well as SAPIEN 3. That would sort of hurt our efficiencies, and we'd feel that in the margin.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. So the -- we've already begun training centers. But there -- in addition to what Edwards typically does, there's an additional criteria that was established by the Ministry of Health and Welfare in Japan and medical societies for there actually to be a certification that would be done by local physician societies. And that is an additional gating item and would need to be done along the way. So what we're concerned is it will make the launch actually even more deliberate. So it will be -- provide a slower ramp than if we had -- if we didn't have that requirement in there. Now having said that, we think this is going to be a very popular procedure in Japan, and ultimately, it's going to grow very nicely. But I think this additional requirement is going to mean that it's going to go slower. So even though we've trained some centers, for example, I'll doubt that we'll have an additional 10 centers trained in the fourth quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Given where we are right now, it's probably less likely that we reach 300 by the end of the year. But we think, typically, the third quarter is slow. So it's not surprising that it's a little less this quarter than we have experienced in the past. I think we need to let some others ask questions now, Kristen.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a really good question, Glenn. When we said there was minimal impact this quarter, actually our local team actually thinks there might have been even slightly negative impact, as they're still working off quite a bit of this competitive inventory. Before we can make a call on how things might go in the future, I think we're going to need these decisions from the courts. Because the courts will tell us a couple of things: One is whether there is going to be a recall of the products that are still on the shelf; and two, just how rigorous this definition of compassionate is. We think it's quite rigorous. And again, we've tried to be generous with the idea that we're really going to do the very best for patients and their physicians, but that's not clear. So we would expect over the next several weeks to have some decisions there that help clarify that, but it's not perfectly clear right now, Glenn.
Michael A. Mussallem: Oh, yes. So Q4 clinicals, we hesitate to make predictions about what clinical cases will be in the quarter. We think that there will continue to be some pretty good clinical volume, with SAPIEN 3 beginning in the PARTNER II trial. We think that will be pretty popular. So that could drive some pretty rapid uptake, but it's difficult for us to predict exactly where that comes out. In terms of the number of sites, yes, you're right. Given that we're at 265, it does call into question on whether we'd get to 400 by the end of next year. We're going through that analysis now. We'll try and give maybe a sharper picture of that when we get to the Investor Conference. But your observation is a good one.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bob. Well, I admire your persistence on trying to get a clinical number out of us in the fourth quarter, but I think we're going to hesitate to offer that up. I think I pretty much offered the best insight that I can. In terms of the Spenser patent, we would expect the European Patent Office to make a decision in the first half of '14 on the validity.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, I guess, I'd say that we're really excited about SAPIEN 3. We think it's a terrific valve. We think clinicians are super excited about it. And the opportunity for them to implant in the U.S., especially in these leading centers that are in the PARTNER II trial, is going to be exciting to them, and we expect them to move along at a pretty rapid pace. I don't know how fast that's going to go. Naturally, they need to go back through their IRBs, which they do for any of these changes. I don't expect that to be onerous, but it's still a requirement. So it's tough to make the call exactly how fast that is. But we'd expect it to enroll pretty fast, and that would drive the clinical sales number up. Having said that, whether it's clinical sales or commercial sales, we're relatively indifferent. This is -- as long as we're making progress here in terms of moving the best system forward and that the therapy is continuing to grow and be popular and help patients, we're very pleased with that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I don't know any exact numbers in terms of exactly what's going on. We don't tend to have centers that so-call drop off that I'm aware of at any serious numbers. I'm sure there are exceptions here and there. But for the most part, I think people try and meet their minimum requirements to stay within the NCD.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I think the other countries do pay attention to what the German courts do. But I hesitate to do any projection. We just don't comment on future litigation, Suraj. And so we really have nothing to share at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Just broadly, we think -- although everybody's not there at this point, we think more than half of the centers are profitable just on a per procedure basis today, and that, that is improving. And we've seen that results in the early data that we've had a chance to look back, the MEDPAR data. And we are feeling that in our own experiences. In terms of our pricing and the role in that, we think our pricing is fair and we think it does a good job of reflecting the value of the procedures. Even if you go back to The PARTNER Trial and Cohort B and remember that cost effectiveness versus other cardiovascular procedures, it was pretty comparable. And when you consider that it's a young procedure and that there's a large opportunity for improvement, we think we're pretty well positioned for that to continue to get better over time, especially as we're able to bring better systems that are going to be easier for patients and their physicians.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. The CFO search is going really well, Rick. We're going to be sorry to say goodbye to Tom as well. He's been a fantastic partner. He's continued to be highly engaged, and so we expect a very smooth transition. I think that we'll have something announced certainly before year end, hopefully even sooner than that. So just stay tuned, but that's all going well.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, Rick. So yes, we're really excited about the CENTERA valve. We think it has the potential to be by far the best-in-class, self-expanding system. We decided to make a pretty significant change to the delivery system, and so we're going to start the trial with a new delivery system here in the next several months. And that will pick up the clinical cases. I -- we don't have any timing to project. Maybe we'll have some things that we can talk about at the Investor Conference, but we're pleased with the direction that this is going in, and we're really looking forward to starting this next series of patients. Okay. Well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
Michael N. Weinstein: Just 2 quick clarifications first. So one, I wasn't sure what the fourth quarter full year U.S. TAVI guidance is now if that had changed. And second, Mike, will we not hear anything on mitral side until the Analyst Meeting? If you could clarify that.
Michael N. Weinstein: Got you. And then just one question. I don't know if you caught Datreek's [ph] comments yesterday on the TVT Registry. I felt like he let a little something slip out of the bag ahead of the publication. But he said that 25% of the implants to date, and this is in the first 50 to 700 cases, had STS scores below 5. Is that possible? That just didn't seem right to me, but I was hoping you would know the data better than we would.
Michael N. Weinstein: No, I'm not talking about SURTAVI. Mike, I'm not talking about SURTAVI. I'm talking about the TVT Registry.
Kristen M. Stewart: Just as a follow-up to that last one, just in terms of the SAPIEN XT label. Have you changed your view on -- or expectation that it will be not only approved for the inoperable patient population but also for high risk? So I'm just confused as to how you would then be able to transition everything over to SAPIEN XT without that label also specifying high risk.
Kristen M. Stewart: Right. And so I guess, if it doesn't change, then, I guess, we could continue to see some of this inventory pressure in gross margins because you'll have to have both product lines continue in the U.S. until presumably PARTNER IIa results and approval.
Kristen M. Stewart: And do you still feel good about the targets that you had set? It seems like it's tracking a little bit lighter.
