Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We're confident in our outlook for continued strong sales goal, and we remain passionate about helping more patients around the world. We continue to focus on driving organic growth with leading innovative technologies while aggressively investing in our future. Our foundation of leadership, coupled with a robust product pipeline, positions us well for continued longer-term success and greater shareholder value as we put -- as we pursue multibillion-dollar market opportunities.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Let me try and recap that, Jason. There's quite a few little pieces in there. But bigger picture, the THV growth globally of 12.4% was something that was very consistent with our overall expectation. The U.S. was very consistent with our expectation as well. And as I mentioned, we continue to expect to be at the high end of 11% to 15% for the full year. Now a couple of things that people may not have remembered or not taken account for, the Medtronic royalty changed at the start of the year per the contract, and so that's expected to be $15 million to $20 million less that affected the first quarter. And first quarter a year ago, you might have considered a tough comp. There's -- the seasonality is always difficult for us. Quarters vary from one to another. The fourth quarter was quite strong, whereas the first quarter probably have some impact with Easter in it. So there may have a little bit of an atypical seasonality pattern. But by and large, we felt that these results were consistent with what we expected.
Michael Mussallem: Okay, thanks. While, I think last time we reported, it was around 575 centers. So we add sites as they qualify, and I think that typically turns out to be 20 to 40 over that period of time. The thing that we found interesting is it seems to bring new patients into the system. Maybe it's because patients are in their own networks, and when we add a hospital, even though it might be a smaller one, that it opens that up, so we continue to see that trend. As it relates to the CAP program, FDA wanted to give sites the ability to continue to process patients that were already in their queue, but it wasn't -- it's not an unlimited CAP program. As a matter of fact, it is quite limited by site, by over a certain period of time. Even if we max that out this year, it would contribute less than 1% to our sales growth. So it's helpful, but kind of minor in the total scale of things.
Michael Mussallem: Well, thanks, David. I think you just answered the question. Those are exactly the points. The comps in the second half of the year certainly aren't equivalent to the comps that exist in the first half. We are in the process of launching CENTERA and we'll have -- hopefully, have Ultra here towards the end of the year, so those will be helpful. And we just generally have momentum. We continue to believe that we have the most competitive product line and that we've got a real growing marketplace. The more we study this marketplace, the more we believe and have confidence in the fact that there are many untreated patients.
Michael Mussallem: There's quite a few little questions in there. Let's see if I get to them, David. First of all, I think you asked about the share shift that we said we had a share shift that occurred to our largest competitor. You know that Edwards sells at a significant price premium to competitors. And what we feel like has happened is there was a 2- to 3-point share point difference from year-over-year to our largest competitor. We think actually it's been pretty stable quarter-over-quarter. We look forward to getting the SAPIEN 3 Ultra and the CENTERA valves to strengthen our leadership positions. When -- Ultra is different, probably from an IP perspective, we don't feel like SAPIEN 3 infringes. We think it's even probably a bigger stretch for Ultra. And just your other question about do we plan any stocking programs. No, we don't have any stocking programs planned at this time. We'll share those if we feel like that's the right thing to do.
Michael Mussallem: So we think that low risk is a very significant opportunity. I think sometimes, people get confused and they think that low risk means younger patients. And although that might seem to be the case, there's actually very -- there's a high number of low-risk patients that are elderly, many in their 70s, 80s and more. It's just the way that the system works. And so I think you shouldn't underestimate what happens. And I think TAVR would be the particular beneficiary of that. The more we study this, the more we find that there's real obstacles for patients to be treated. We think that the sites, by and large, do stay on label, that they're very concerned about the payment policies and so that's important to them. And we continue to believe that the estimates that we put out about the size of the market in 2021 and beyond are still, if anything, conservative.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So we did, as I mentioned, we did get surprised by the Ultra approval process in Europe. We had initially believed, and this was through conversations with regulators, that we wouldn't require clinical data. And then ultimately, we did require them, so that was a hit to timing. We've had an ongoing dialogue with FDA. We typically don't share the ins and outs of our regulatory process. But as I said, we continue to be very confident in our ability to be able to get Ultra approved in the U.S. by the end of the year.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Raj. Actually, we've probably been the ones constraining ourselves. We felt a lot of interest on the part of clinicians. They have a lot of interest who want to join this, and the good news is that the procedural success rate has been quite good. As I mentioned, we're integrating the supply chain into the Edwards Quality System. And that's taken us longer than we thought. And so it means that we have to be thoughtful in terms of the way that we dish out supply. Remember, we're also feeding clinical trials in addition to our commercial success. And our goals in the near term really are not to maximize commercial sales but to learn as much as possible and to make progress on our regulatory pathways.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, there have been improvements. There's -- the procedure times have been coming down. Most of that I would attribute to learning curve. We're probably moving from procedures that were more in the 3-hour range to the 2-hour range. We've got bigger plans for ourselves in terms of next-generation systems. But even while we're within the existing system, there have been improvements in procedure times.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's early. We're continuing to see good clinical programs for -- good clinical progress for both of those transseptal programs. So we're pleased with it. It's been going well and we're not trying to send a signal that we have a preference.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's very difficult for us to say, Isaac. I can understand your question. So for example, in the fourth quarter of last year, we felt like we saw more activity than we would have anticipated sort of in that last week or so of the year that's normally affected by holidays. Did that have any impact on Q1? I don't know. We had the Easter holiday that actually crept into the very end of Q1. So those things probably have some impact here on the margin. Our folks have count selling days, saying, Hey, there might have been a 1% difference between one and the other, if that's helpful.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, generally, when we talk about pricing, Isaac, we're talking about it in constant currency, so that was pretty flat. You go right around the globe, and usually what we're most susceptible with is what happens in terms of the geographic mix. Actually, the thing was kind of interesting. This quarter is the very favorable trend that we saw in Europe. And so because the euro strengthened and actually made what the sales prices that we realize in dollars are much higher out of Europe, it actually would have ended up affecting the global rates if we would do it on an actual basis, but we try and stay out of that.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's actually one of my -- specifically, I said less than 1%, but yes, I'm talking about TAVR growth.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's pretty early for us to be assuming. I mean there's -- I don't think there's any reason to assume that this is going to be particularly slow. There seems to be a lot of excitement amongst our clinicians. So we'll see and will keep you informed.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So I mean, the short answer, Rick, your observations are correct. We also have heard a lot of enthusiasm about CENTERA and there's a real demand for it. We have decided to price this valve at a premium. As a matter of fact, even a premium to SAPIEN 3 and you know that SAPIEN 3 is at premium to competitive valves. And so I think, and that's for a very -- it's country specific. And it's just reflective of the fact that this is our latest technology and we think highly differentiated from what others see. And that's the strategy that were deploying. So we're being very thoughtful about what centers we go to and how fast and focused on really high level of procedural success.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We think Japan is a big opportunity. It is the fastest-growing THV region, again, this quarter. Adoption is still very early. They could use a lot more centers. I don't know what the number is, it's certainly less than 150. They could use a lot more to be able to really penetrate the opportunity and we think that demand is going to continue to be strong for quite a while.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. As we mentioned, we think the market is growing in the mid-teens, and we think we have a highly competitive program. And so we would expect to also be able to grow in the mid-teens for the rest of the year. We do have the headwind of the Medtronic royalty, which will cost us a little bit. We have a little bit of a tailwind although it's small, off the CAP program. But overall, we think we're well positioned to be able to obtain that high end of 11% to 15%.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I mean, what we're talking about is specifically in Europe, we think there's economic pressure on customers and so that causes the difference in THV pricing to be a source of pressure. And we think that's a relatively tough issue for some customers. What I also indicated, though, is when we're able to add products like SAPIEN 3 Ultra and CENTERA, that really helps us because those products are highly differentiated and the clinical performance there we expect to be significant. So again, the -- what we tried to relate earlier is that the share shift was a year-over-year share shift, not a quarter-over-quarter share shift. So I'm just trying to put it in perspective.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I'd rather not comment in terms of whether I think it's going to be favorable or not. If it's favorable, I think it would be very beneficial to the opportunity because it was just build confidence. Conversely, if it's negative, I'm going to guess that a lot of clinicians look at it and suggest that the problem was the trial endpoint design. And so I don't know that it's really going to be much of a negative for the opportunity. I can tell you ourselves, we work very closely on trial designs in TMTT. And there's going to be a number of data sets over the next year. COAPT's certainly be one of them. But I think you're going to see more data than ever before. And we continue to be very optimistic about the opportunity.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. What was reported, Chris, was the return of mitral regurgitation. So we're digging into it and trying to really understand it. It's early in our evaluation and we don't really know the cause of it at this point. But that's what the clinicians called to our attention, and that's why we decided to pause here and make sure that in the abundance of safety here, that we understand what's going on.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So we did resume treating some patients this quarter, just a few of them. And so we got some real procedural learnings, and the learnings have been helpful. So we're still evaluating that therapy. You're going to see probably more in the -- it's still early. You're probably going to see more coming from Cardioband tricuspid in the near term in terms of data sets.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So at PCR, we expect Cardioband, both the mitral and tricuspid data sets to be presented. It will be early, but there should be presentations there.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Joanne. Yes, we're building that team up in Europe. And again, we expect to have a number of launches as mentioned that we would have one mitral launch per year in each of the upcoming years since our intention is to be able to use this clinical team. This is a team that's doing clinical trials. We have a separate team that's actually doing clinical support of cases as well as sales people. So that team has been developing nicely. We have primarily focused in Germany at this point, but it's very consistent with what we have planned.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks. So this bicuspid registry, I think it's around 100 patients in this trial. And so we're glad to be able to do that. I think it sounds like you understand it pretty well, Josh. It's not contraindicated today, and so people can do it. And we have a number of clinicians that are real believers in treating bicuspid patients and they do it with SAPIEN 3 and I know that's all being accumulated in the TVT Registry. So they are being treated today. Having more data is just going to be helpful to be able to have a nice data set here that we can follow on an ongoing basis. It's just going to help reinforce it. But I think the TVT Registry had already pretty positive support for treating bicuspid patients with SAPIEN 3.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I mean, we like the -- not only the delivery system, but the design of the [indiscernible] and we think it is going to help potentially with tissue ingrowth and should even improve what's already a best-in-class leak performance for that valve. But I don't know that it should -- that it'll make a market difference in bicuspid.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, thanks a lot. No, we're not going to report any specific data on that, Josh. We'll just say generally, it's ramping up really nicely. There's a lot of enthusiasm on the part of the investigators and I'm sure the investigators themselves are going to want to share some of that detail in terms of what they're finding when they get to the right point to that trial.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thank you very much for your continued interest in Edwards. And Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone after the fact. So back to you, David.
Scott Ullem: Sure. It's probably a few million dollars of that $15 million to $20 million was realized in the first quarter, and the rest should be fairly evenly distributed during the rest of 2018.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Let's start with the first quarter and how it varied from our February guidance, where the midpoint of our range was $1.09. We beat that by about $0.13 on a non-GAAP basis, and it was driven roughly 1/3 from each of some delays in spending, so some expanding that we expect to hit in SG&A and R&D that we expected in Q1 that will now be pushed out to later quarters. The second, third would be foreign exchange, and specifically related to the new tax legislation. And then the third piece, that drove better adjusted earnings per share in Q1 than we originally expected was the benefit from -- the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. In terms of how our guidance for 2018 has changed since February, back in February, we expected $4.43 to $4.63 for the full year, and that $0.07 gap from the midpoint of that range to our new range of $4.50 to $4.70 is really driven by couple of things. One, greater SG&A, principally due to foreign exchange. So as we translate OUS expenses at current rates, we realize higher expenses from SG&A; the second is greater spending on research and development. And both including some of the investments we fund with the tax savings as well as the new CENTERA trial that's driving higher R&D expense than we had factored in during our guidance last year -- last quarter. And the third one is it's really more than offset by this greater excess tax benefit and the tax reform. So all net-net, it gives us a little bit of pick up to the tune of $0.07 at the midpoint of the range from February to today.
Scott Ullem: So Q2 dynamics, part of it is just really the ETB, that excess tax benefit that was front-end loaded. We had our stock price traded up significantly in the first quarter. We also had additional option exercises that were not factored in. And so that was the lumpiest piece in Q1 that we are not modeling to finish in Q2. The other piece is just step-up from spending from the tax savings in the second quarter.
Scott Ullem: Sure. So maybe up we've lightened up a little bit as you model gross margin for the rest of the year, something like 20 basis points, but it really gets lost in that range of 74% to 76%. Using the middle of that range is still probably a good modeling assumption. In the first quarter, you're right, FX was a big piece of it and the other difference from Q1 of 2017 was continuing manufacturing investments. Both of those were partially offset by mix. So as you know, we've been continuing to see a pickup on mix and gross margins as a result of the faster growing THV business.
Scott Ullem: For underlying growth number, originally, we expected somewhere in the 9% to 10% range. Now we're more in the area of 10% to 11% range of underlying growth. So FX is helping the nominal sales, but there's also strength in the underlying business. Sorry, Robbie, you also asked about $80 million. It's $80 million in FX tailwinds for the year. I think you might have said a month some of the quarter. So it's $80 million, or we call it about 2% of total consolidated sales in FX tailwinds.
Scott Ullem: So, it's Scott. I think probably not, simply because we had such extraordinary tailwinds benefit from this excess tax benefit from stock-based accounting. So it's always really hard to predict, really impossible to predict because we don't know our stock price is going. But I think if you look back to our original guidance for the year of 15% to 18%, that may be a better modeling assumption longer term, and we'll keep you updated as more information becomes available. Also keep in mind, we've gotten continual updated guidance from IRS and treasury about the impacts and the interpretation of this new tax legislation. And so that will also have an influence. And to that end, some of the tax reform benefit that we're realizing now will tail off especially as it relates to some of the compensation-related deductions.
Scott Ullem: Is really, without getting all the details of the settlement agreement from back in 2014, just you should model, assume the $40 million minimum. And we'll let you know if that assumption should change at all in the years ahead.
