Thomas Abate: Thank you, Mike. This quarter our strong gross profit rate combined with a favorable tax rate allowed us to achieve diluted EPS of $0.57 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.67. A 37% increase over the prior year. At the same time we increased our R&D investments by 14%. For the quarter our gross profit margin was 73.1% and included an $8 million charge to reflect the estimated cost of our voluntary recalls of Heart Valves and critical care catheters. Excluding the impact of the charge our gross profit margin was 74.8% compared to 70.4% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by the impact of foreign exchange and favorable product mix primarily driven by the US launch of SAPIEN. For 2012 the continuation of these factors is expected to further strengthen our gross profit margin. For full year 2012 excluding special items we now expect a gross profit margin between 74% and 75%. Second quarter SG&A expenses were $182 million or 37.8% of sales, an increase of 12% over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by US transcatheter launch related investments. As a percentage of sales SG&A should trend up in the third quarter due to seasonality and decrease to approximately 37% in the fourth quarter. For the full year we are now narrowing the range of expected SG&A to be between 37% and 38% of sales. R&D investments in the quarter grew 14% to $74 million or 15.4% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of investments in PARTNER II, and new product development efforts in our transcatheter valve programs. For full year 2012 with the investments in further clinical studies we now expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 15% and 16%. During the quarter we recorded a $7 million in process R&D charge related to licensing agreements for two development stage technologies. Combined with an $8 million charge impacting our gross profit margin special items this quarter reduced diluted EPS by $0.10. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 24.6%. While the rate is significantly higher than last year, it is lower than expected as a result of a more favorable regional mix than anticipated. Excluding special items, we expect our rate to be approximately 26% next quarter and drop to approximately 20% in the fourth quarter assuming renewal of the federal R&D tax credit. FX rates negatively impacted second quarter sales by $14 million. Relative to our prior guidance, FX did not have a material impact on earnings in the quarter. Looking forward at current rates, foreign exchange will have an approximate $60 million negative impact to full-year sales compared to last year. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $126 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $147 million, less capital spending of $21 million. For full-year 2012 excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $240 million and $260 million. During the quarter we spent approximately $53 million on share repurchases. For modeling purposes we now project fully diluted shares outstanding to approximately $119 million in 2012. Turning to our balance sheet, we had total cash and cash equivalence and short term investments of $506 million and total debt of $185 million. Short term investments were $202 million representing highly liquid bank timed deposits. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 59 days, a five day improvement from the prior quarter as a result of significant payments received in Spain. Inventory turns were 2.0 compared to the first – were comparable to the first quarter. Turning to our 2012 sales guidance, at current exchange rates for surgical heart valve therapy we now expect sales to be between $775 million and $805 million which includes approximately $115 million of cardiac surgery system sales. In transcatheter hearth valves we now expect sales of $550 million to $600 million. Lastly in critical care we now expect sales of $550 million to $580 million which includes approximately $50 million of vascular sales. Given our updated projections and the recent movement in foreign exchange rates we now expect full year sales of $1.9 billion to $1.97 billion which represents an underlying growth rate of approximately 20%. Excluding special items we now expect diluted EPS of $2.60 to $2.68 and continue to expect full year 2012 net income growth of approximately 30%. For the third quarter we project total sales of $465 million to $485 million and diluted EPS excluding special items to be between $0.57 and $0.61. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Mike.
Thomas Abate: Well you know, Larry, that’s a great question. I’d say there’s a couple of factors that we pointed to both factors continue into the second quarter. So we’ll continue to see an improvement sequentially on product mix. It’s almost 50/50 between product mix and foreign exchange is actually going to lift the rate in the second half. In the second quarter it was neutral to the rate but as the rates have worsened and the hedge contracts kick in it’s actually going to lift. So it’s partially responsible for the improvement for the full year. And so that portion would be coming and going with hedges. The rest based on product mix is something that we would fully expect to carry into next year.
Thomas Abate: No. I’m sorry. Relative to product mix, you’d probably say – I think the total was 440 and it’s probably 60/40, actually leaning, favoring foreign exchange. There was a big difference. There was a big negative hedge impact
Thomas Abate: Yeah, you’re absolutely right. It’s somewhat counterintuitive, but we try to be clear here, David, that the rate is actually higher than last year. All right? And the projection is that it’s going to be a couple hundred, 250 basis points probably higher than last year. So it’s clearly being impacted by the US profitability it just wasn’t has high. Our model was probably conservative a little bit on where the sourcing was happening. So keep in mind that when I have to make an adjustment in midyear what we’re doing is the adjustment looks bigger than it actually is because it has to be a retroactive effect. So I’m adjusting two quarters within one. So you pretty much cut the difference in half and it’s not that big of a difference and I would attribute it to the model, difference in the model that I was using.
Thomas Abate: Yeah. I’d say I don’t see – you know, in our models and looking back to check in the revenue I have a bit less revenue on the one hand than you may have. I think they see the rates looking pretty similar. What typically happens is the SG&A is a percentage in that quarter because of the lower sales, but you’re saying you’re not getting that. But obviously in a higher SG&A percentage and the rest is pretty even.
Thomas Abate: Percentage we usually refer to. And tax rate, tax rate a little bit higher. Remember, Thomas, that I had took a full half year of quarter adjustment in the quarter so we’re trying to get to a full year rate. So if you look at the first half rate, it’ll give a better estimate of what we’re running at in the third quarter.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. We remain on track to deliver strong sales growth and bottom line performance this year even with a challenging global economy. We expect our transcatheter technologies to continue to drive our growth well into the future. Also, we remain enthusiastic about the potential of our robust product pipeline to benefit even more patients and strengthen our leadership position. Before we open it up to questions I want to encourage you to mark your calendars for Tuesday, December 4th where we will be hosting our 2012 Investor Conference at our corporate headquarters here in Irvine, California. This event will include updates on our new technologies as well as our outlook for 2013. More information will be available in the next couple of months. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to David.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Jason. Yeah. One of the things to keep in mind – I know it’s a tough thing to deal with averages and I will make some generalizations but there’s a fairly large disparity between accounts, whether it’s partner sites or the new sites. And so there are some of those that tend to get quite large and others that are smaller. But having said that – it’s kind of interesting. We’ve got quite a bit of balance. There’s still growth in the partner sites. They are strong and growing. And having said that, we got a similar amount of growth probably from our new sites. They’re ramping up and we’re getting a significant contribution from them as well. Remember, there’s quite a few of those. So we’re seeing usage ramp on both. In terms of the number of sites, yeah, right now we believe that there are 300 to 400 sites that probably qualify within the NCD. There are others that are interested and are working through the requirements to get there, but that’s where we think we are at this point in time and so we’re pleased on the way the ramp is going.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Well let’s break it into pieces. First of all, in terms of what we think Europe is going to do, we think Europe might be slightly faster in the second half than it was in the first half. We were estimating overall growth for the year will be somewhere in the 15% to 20% range. And what that is, it’s lifted by companies like Germany where the growth is strong and pulled down by Southern Europe by comparison. In a place like France we know there are some new sites that have been turned on right on the first of July so that will help lift the growth rate to some extent. Now switching to our performance. We’re really not going to give projections at this point in 2013, Jason. You’re correct that there will be new competition but at the same time we’ve got a robust pipeline, so you’re going to have to wait until we get toward the end of the year and we work through our planning process to give estimates.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Larry. Yeah, as you know, in our view sales don’t pick up appreciably until reimbursement is in place. And reimbursement tends to trail the regulatory approval by up to six months. So a significant amount of time. So I think maybe for modeling purposes if you assume that reimbursement is not in place until the end of 2013 that’s probably a fair assumption.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, Kristen. We didn’t give an update of where we are today; we gave an update at the end of the second quarter and we said at the end of the second quarter, we had trained 110 sites since the approval in November. And we said based on that trend we felt very comfortable with the 150 to 250 being trained by the one-year anniversary.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Yeah. Let me break it into pieces. First of all in the Netherlands. The Netherlands has not had formal reimbursement. We were expecting, and as a matter of fact the clinicians in the Netherlands were expecting that formal approval would occur at the end of Q1. That didn’t happen and it looks like it could be substantially postponed. And so we’re not expecting it this year. As a result, what happened is rather than seeing a lift in the number of procedures in the Netherlands we actually saw a sharp decline. And so that’s what happened in the Netherlands, and at the same time, the U.K. is growing significantly. The U.K. I think is growing in the neighborhood of – I don’t know – close to 40%, but remember we’re coming off a small base there.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. So the Netherlands probably down something like $1.5 million year-over-year if that helps calibrate you in terms of dollars.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. We’re not sure, is the short answer. Remember we only had the 29mm in the TA position and so we know some of the volume moved over from TA to TF. We wouldn’t be surprised if it’s in the 15% range of total as an estimate.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Perfect, Mike. Be happy to get into it. First of all, the Street is high on Q3 and I think it’s understandable. If you go back to the slides that we presented at our Investor Conference we sort of – we try and show you what normal seasonality is and we showed Q3 trending higher than Q2 and that probably was a good signal to the Street. In fact, when the Cohort A approval got delayed approximately a quarter it really took the Q3 numbers down. And then we adjusted those last quarter but we didn’t give specific quarterly guidance and so that’s really what happened in Q3. In terms of foreign exchange, I think Tom mentioned we think it’s going to have about a $60 million impact, so a growing impact based particularly on how much the euro was moved for the year. Because of what you think a pretty effective hedging program we think it will have minimal impact on our bottom line. It’ll be small but not significant. To get into R&D a little bit, what you’re really seeing ramp up, Mike, are clinical trials. At this point the most substantial of those is the PARTNER II trial and the PARTNER II trial clearly is the most expensive trial that we’ve won. We still have the post approval studies associated with PARTNER and then we’ve got trials like PROTAVI going and starting CENTERA and SAPIEN 3. So the accumulation of those certainly takes spending off and that comes up and then starts peaking sort of in Q4, Q1. If that’s helpful.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Mike, and probably we need to let other people get in line, but overall as we said, Southern Europe is the biggest drag. With Spain not growing and Italy, which is a pretty substantial country, going slightly negative that certainly is a drag on growth rates. And those we believe are prosperity driven. In terms of countries that don’t have solid reimbursement in place I think the Netherlands and Belgium sort of stand out at this point in time. We expect them to approve it but what they’ve done is sort of make the barriers a little higher here and we’ll work through them. But they’re going slow.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Well, again, I think our believe here is that we should do even better in the second half of the year than we do in the first half of the year. So depending on how you’re using those ranges whether you take the top one range and apply it to the bottom of the other, I don’t know. You can decide how you want to spread the ranges and the risk around. But overall in Europe we think the second half will be better than the first half because of the introductions of the 29mm TF and the Ascendra Plus system.
Michael Mussallem: Whether it’s applicable for bicuspid valves? Yeah, it’s a congenital condition. So it’s not a big one. It’s also, I would say, not a true contraindication. We have a limited amount of experience there so we probably can’t say anything meaningful about how well TAVI works in bicuspid valve. So that’s probably where we are right now. It’s probably not a big driver of numbers in our future. I’m sure we’ll collect data on that and we’ll get a view through things like the TVT registry and some of the registries in Europe. So It’ll be helpful. Ultimately I think there’s no reason to believe we shouldn’t be able to treat those. We just lack data today.
Michael Mussallem: Hiya, Glenn.Glenn Novarro – RBC Capital Markets: Hey. I had a question on the surgical valve business particularly in the US. It looks like the US came in a little bit lighter again, and Mike, I know you cited competition. But I was wondering, has there been any benefit yet from the SAPIEN pull-through? In other words, patients coming in for SAPIEN not eligible and then going off to surgery? And if there hasn’t been a benefit yet, when should we expect to see it? And then just a quick question on some of these early development stage products that you acquired in the quarter. Anything material, anything you can share with us? That would be great. Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Glenn. Yeah. In the quarter, probably the US might have been ever so slightly better a trend than it was in the first quarter but we’re still suffering from the fact that we haven’t anniversaried on the competitor’s valve. We’d like to think that we ultimately get a lift out of the transcatheter sites but it’s still early, I think is the short answer to the question. Remember we said we’d trained 110 new sites and the surgical valve business treats – I don’t know – we probably sell to 1,100 sites. So you can picture that there’s more people that certainly that we are selling to that don’t have transcatheters than do. So we’re going to look for that in the future. One thing for sure, we think that Edwards benefits. The combination of transcatheter heart valves plus our surgical heart valves certainly lift. In terms of the deals that we talked about, we’re not going into extraordinary detail but a couple of things; one relates to some tissue technology, particularly intellectual property we acquired, and the other is of some pretty interesting accessories for MIS for minimally invasive surgery.Glenn Novarro – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks for answering my question.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. I’ll see if I can provide a little bit of color. Although we said it certainly provided clarity and probably gave some people confidence it also would have probably placed the hurdle out there for other people that became an obstacle. So, overall we probably could have trained a few more sites than we did. We have the capability of probably training more than 20 in a month and you can – I think your math is correct that we did around 50 in the quarter. So the NCD helped existing sites. It took a lot of uncertainty out and it’s clarified things a lot. But it also for others it gave them a clear target that they have to achieve. The one portion of the NCD that people are probably most targeted at trying to achieve is the structural heart requirements. That’s a little confusing because to some sites. We still don’t believe the big picture. There’s 300 to 400 sites that probably meet these requirements.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. You know we’re able to measure is the procedural success rate and we’re actually able to be at all these early procedures our self and so we feel just great that the training is very effective. You’ll remember us talking in the past about the fact we actually incent our sales force on procedural success rate, so it’s really paying off. All that investment that we put up front to make sure that we have great training and a great team that was well trained was great. And so rather than trying and quoting exact numbers, David, I’ll just say that it’s going as well if not better than any of our prior experience.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, Tom. Good question. Yeah, really the euro wasn’t in there. When we try and get those growth rates we try and do what on constant currency so we really do – we did change what we bought. We thought Europe was growing 20% to 25% or we thought that would be the growth rate for 2012 and now we think 15% to 20%. We think there’s two pieces of that, that are somewhat similar. One is this sharp drop in the Netherlands. And part of it was the drop in the Netherlands and also that we thought it was going to rise. We thought that you actually might see an extra 100 procedures per quarter that happened in the Netherlands and that’s obviously not going to happen. Instead, we saw the decline. But the other part of this – we probably saw a little further softening in Southern Europe. A little more. We thought it would probably, it would have bottomed, but there still looks like there is a bit more further softening, Tom.
Michael Mussallem: Hi, Raj.Raj Denhoy – Jefferies & Co: What if I could ask about some of the information that’s come out over the several months on perivalvular leakage and some of the data out of Europe suggesting that balloon expandable valves might have a lower rate of leakage than self expanding. I’m curious what your thoughts are around that and whether you think ultimately, that could prove to be a competitive advantage for you, particularly in Europe.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, I’ll give you my best estimate, Raj. And again, we need to give other people a chance. Right now what’s going on is highly variable, depending on the center. Many centers sort of work in teams. They take the income and they split it up amongst the clinicians. I can’t tell you that every center is doing that. We believe that the direction the CBT codes are going in is that they should be fair. There’s a process that goes on and we think that recommendation which we understand as a pretty fair one has gone to CMS. They often adopt those recommendations. Not every time, but they often and generally do. So if it goes the way that it’s been teed up, we think it should be a fair reimbursement. And we think that would be welcome.There is variability out there in terms of how some of the regions are paying on CBT codes. There are some that fully pay and others that we even know one or two places where they actually don’t pay and they’re in arrears and they have to catch up at some point in time. So it’s still messy in that regard.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, David. I think I know where you’re going, but let’s talk about it strategically. We’re not sure there’s any substitute for driving great sales growth. Although we, like you, want to see real leverage come through the P&L, we wouldn’t want to do that at the expense of sales growth. And so we always try and strike that balance where we think we can have really bright innovations that change the way medicines practice so we can get rewarded for it. We obviously opt for that. What – your point specifically, when are you going to see leverage, we think you’re already seeing some of that leverage. And I think that starts continuing. We’ve made a large investment in launching in the US. And although we’ll make continuous investments in the US, particularly on the SG&A line, the sales are going to grow faster than the SG&A expenses, which is the largest proportion of our expense base. It should’ve caused our operating margin to rise. As you correctly see here with this quarter here is that the R&D rate has risen. And I think this is just the byproduct of what it takes to really make future sales a reality. It requires clinical studies and that’s not cheap. In terms of the high watermark, I actually think that this rate that we gave for full year to be between 15% and 16%, I don’t know whether that’s going to continue next year or not. It may be the high watermark. I hope so. With the way we expect to grow sales it should be that. But we’re not going to hesitate to make the clinical investments that we need to, David, to drive the top line.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. We did see our growth rate in capital decline in Critical Care. It’s not as though the environment really dried up; part of it is the prior-year comparison. We had just launched EV1000 and we were in the middle of that and so we did quite well in Q2 2011. So some of that was the decline, it’s just a tough comparison, David. I like to think that the climate is good enough for us to be able to do better in terms of growth rate on hardware going forward, especially with our new EV1000. Again, we’re not exactly the same as some of the big box guys because our hardware is not nearly as expensive as a robot or an MRI, but we still get affected by some of the similar trends.
Michael Mussallem: Sure, Bob.Bob Hopkins – Bank of America: Great. Good afternoon. Just two quick questions, one a little bit in the weeds and then one a little bit bigger picture. Last quarter as it related to your US TAVI sales you were kind enough to break down the $41 million and I think you said in terms of commercial revenues it was roughly $24 million and stocking revenues $10 million and then trial revenue about $7 million and I was wondering if you’d be willing to do the same thing here for Q2.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, let’s see. We said overall – you’re talking about US in particular?Bob Hopkins – Bank of America: Yeah. So again, the US breakdown of that $61.4 million.
Michael Mussallem: That’s a good question. What do you think we should do?Bob Hopkins – Bank of America: The next five years.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. It’s a good question. The one big question that was out there, Spencer, that’s always hard to understand is how many patients are on the sideline that were not being treated? And that’s what we’ve really learned. We had some experience in Europe, but we didn’t – when we started Europe we didn’t have this kind of experience. We didn’t have a randomized trial under our belt. We didn’t have this full reimbursement that was pretty well defined. So to have all those pieces in place, what we’re seeing here are these untreated patients are coming in. They’re coming in a big way and because procedure results are so good, they’re getting pretty dramatic results, which gets physicians excited. And so it’s driving real enthusiasm, which I think does help with the referral network. So what we’re – what we’ve basically saw is probably patients that either were just too sick or wouldn’t even think about surgery in the past are coming and getting treated. And that’s probably the biggest learning.
Michael Mussallem: All right. Thanks very much, all, for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. I yield back to you, David.
