Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. I want to conclude by saying that Edwards is a dedicated member of the critical healthcare infrastructure and I admire the agility, resourcefulness and passion of our employees and partners in maintaining their important work on behalf of patients. Putting patients first has never been more important than it is today. And as we stand together with the global community, I am gratified for our extraordinary team and partners and I am optimistic about the future of delivering innovations to even more patients around the world. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. So, it’s a little bit of all that. We grew 4% in the third quarter. And we said that we thought the fourth quarter growth would be similar to that, which we think is pretty remarkable in a environment like this and a real testament to our team and the supply chain. There are three factors that we considered when we set our Q4 sales guidance. One of them related to what we did last year, you will all have to remember as a total company, we grew 20% and 30% TAVR growth in Q4 of ‘19 even more in the U.S. So by comparison, it’s quite a difference, matter of fact so the absolute sales number in Q4 is going to be certainly higher than the sales number in Q3. There is an issue I think associated with our thinking related to the persistence of COVID-19 in the U.S. and Europe. We think it’s probably prudent at this stage just to be thoughtful because of the uncertainty associated with that. And then the one other factor that I will mention is, we don’t believe that there is much of a significant backlog in Europe any longer, which probably gave us somewhat of a lift, a little bit of a lift in Q3 and not be repeated in Q4.
Mike Mussallem: So, yes, we are not going to get into specific months, David, but you just have to remember the steep curve that we were growing at. So, when we – even if the growth rate will remain constant think of how many additional patients are being treated each month.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. I think it’s a testament to the fact that TAVR is certainly a competitive field right. Our whole industry is competitive and certainly TAVR is that. When we reflect on it, we put more of our focus on bringing new patients into the system. And we just think this disease is so under-treated. It’s a deadly disease. It’s what’s most important to us. If you look at why Edwards has grown in the past or why we are going to grow in the future, that’s the biggest factor. I think that we are extremely happy with SAPIEN 3and the Ultra platform and there is just a large body of high-quality clinical evidence that supports those. So, to have a Head-to-Head study on one factor, it might be it, but we believe that clinicians make decisions based on the total patient outcomes and not one singular element.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks Bob. Yes, COVID-19 did impact the pace of enrollment much in line with other trials. We have been encouraged by the pickup with enrollment in Q3 compared to Q2, but we are not really providing an update at this time or we will have more to talk about at the investor conference and so we ask you to stay tuned for that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Well, so we didn’t. So we saw – we feel like we saw a different story in the U.S. and Europe and so U.S. is the biggest part of our business. We don’t think there was much clearing of the backlog in Q3. We think that there just wasn’t much carryover U.S. hospitals tend not to run with big backlogs and Europe by contrast there occasionally can be those depending on the country and we did indeed work those down. We feel like at this point in time, there aren’t backlogs that are going to significantly impact our Q4 performance. So, I don’t know if that’s clear.
Mike Mussallem: We have pretty much in the U.S. all our hospitals performing cases which means that you also have all hospitals that are screening patients. And so we are into a little bit more of a normal cadence at this point. In terms of the COVID question, I think it’s a general concern. We are not trying to signal something that an inflection point that we see just a general concern with the numbers that we are watching in the U.S. and Europe, but we think it’s prudent for us to be careful because of the uncertainty.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne. As you can imagine, we are kind of early in our planning process for 2021. So, we are kind of feeling going out there a bit and extending ourselves when we talk about our aspiration to double. So, we will probably have more to talk about that to get in-depth when we are together at the investor conference. But much like this year, the majority of those sales are likely to be PASCAL. We are not necessarily – it’s going to be the addition of new sites that are going to help do that and we will have PASCAL and PASCAL ACE that will help us and we will be doing treatment of not only MR patients, but TR patients next year, meaning tricuspid. So, that combination is what’s leading us to have this aspiration to double. Your question about China, we are really pleased that we completed our first cases. We think it’s going to take significant time. Even though we are really excited about this, it was a major milestone for Chinese patients, the first time a multinational company is in there. There is just a lot of hurdles for a couple of reasons, some are self-imposed, we are committed to make sure that we really carefully work with physicians so that they get well-trained on our systems and get great results every time. There is also a fair amount of, I don’t know maybe bureaucracy is not the right term, but there is a lot of process related to really coming up in China. So, it’s going to take us some time. And frankly, it’s a new journey for us to bring a therapy that’s just novel to China. So, we don’t have a lot of experience with that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, maybe I am looking at this much different than you, Raj, I am really excited about what’s going on with our business and the fact that we are going to be able to maintain this kind of growth rate and when you consider that last year TAVR grew 30% globally. As a matter of fact, I think it was 40% in the U.S., and then we are going to put a growth rate on top of it, while the global pandemic is going on. I mean, I feel pretty proud of that. And I don’t know that it gets a lot better than that. So to think that there is something that we feel uncomfortable about is probably reading the signals wrong. And I maybe I didn’t say it the way I really feel about it.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, we were pleased with our results in PASCAL in the quarter. And again, it’s very fluid situation and having those ramping this up during the pandemic is a little bit challenging, but we are really pleased with the way it’s come up. It’s because we added new centers in the quarter we continue to implement what we would call our high touch models. So, we are very engaged with clinicians involved in every case and working hard to make sure that they get great results each time. So, that’s really turned out to be what’s most important for us. The pricing is as much as the same as we have talked about in the past, we do have a premium, we think this was a really good therapy and performs at a superior level. Obviously, we need to back that up with data, but our strategy is unchanged.
Mike Mussallem: No, you are so right, Robbie, I mean, everybody should have some pretty terrific growth, I imagine if you are in airline, you could really have impressive growth rates coming off a low base. But one of the things that I think is remarkable about Edwards is we just didn’t take as bigger dip as many other companies. So, to return to double-digit growth, I think still is meaningful. If there is something that I can add for color it’s what I tried to relate related to the quarters. And so we would expect in quarters like one and four that are a little bit more comparable to a steady state we would be likely to see that lower growth rates and then see much higher growth rates, which would be unusual ones probably for Q2 and Q3 when COVID was hitting the hardest, but hopefully that ends up providing some color, but your point is well taken.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, it’s a good question, Robbie. And as you might imagine, making predictions on something like this is challenging, we kind of stick our neck out here a little bit. When we are talking about our TMTT trials, we said we think it did go back to pre-COVID levels. And in TAVR, where we have some pretty aggressive enrollments, it’s probably getting closer, there might be a little short of it, but it’s moving along pretty well and we are hoping that the situation continues to be stable and roll that way.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks Matt. And very fair question, we have given different guidance in the past for other quarters, we are more or less just trying to tell you what we saw, which is that the smaller centers seem to grow faster in terms of being explained the why behind that, we would be speculating to some extent. We make – we can make up stories that, maybe the larger centers are in big metropolitan areas that were harder hit by COVID, but we really don’t have hard evidence to back that up, Matt, but we just did see it in the smaller centers more than the larger.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Matt. I mean, I don’t want to miss the really big issue, which is that by and large, our conversation with hospitals, they have really strongly believed that they now know how to do TAVR cases or to treat structural heart patients and COVID patients at the same time. When this first hit in Q2 that was a question mark and I think that for all the right reasons for patients and for the health of hospitals, they figured that out. So, that’s been important. It’s hard to speak in generalities around the whole world. But if we just take U.S., which is the biggest market, when the hospital sort of closed its doors and prepared for COVID, not only did they stop doing procedures, they stopped doing screening. And so when this got turned back on, they turned on both the screening process and the actual procedures at the same way. Now, I don’t know that they have actually additional screening capacity beyond what they have had in the past. So that probably becomes somewhat of the constraint, but there probably were some patients that were either lost sadly just because they passed away or are just not in the system today, that would have been otherwise in a more normal year.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, it’s a good question. And I know I probably will be generalizing to some extent. So that’s all already dangerous. But I wouldn’t say that we see people completely switch from one system to another, I think that we see them more or less split again that they are very interested in PASCAL, they invite us in, in many cases, they are learning. We are part of the procedures and help them work through it. As we think about, maybe just give you something else to think about, I know we are hyper focused on how much we sell on PASCAL in the quarter. But if you really look for leading indicators of what’s going to be most important for TMTT, I think those three factors, how is this portfolio of differentiated therapies really developing? Are they coming along? Are those good procedures? Are they learnable, teachable? Are they fast procedure? Are they reproducible? How about your real world clinical outcomes? Well, you saw some of the leading indicators of that at TCT Connect and I think it’s encouraging. And then just how are we doing on the clinical trials? We have got some very rigorous clinical trials that are going to provide really incredible data. And so those are going to be the things that both lead to approvals and adoption, so although the sales are an interesting one to track, I don’t know that it’s a strong or leading indicator of some of these other factors. We frankly put more energy to make sure we get great results than just trying to maximize sales.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. I know our folks probably answer questions about that on a regular basis. what we know is we are just really pleased with the SAPIEN 3, and especially SAPIEN 3 Ultra performance, we think people have relied on it, not just normally, but even during this pandemic. I think the performance speaks for itself, we have got some pretty impressive data that has been generated over time, whether it’s stroke, paravalvular leak, low pacemaker rate, the list goes on and so we just had a high level of confidence in this and don’t, well we wonder where that how important that factor is going to be in long term to look at one thing.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks for that Adam. So first of all think of it as having almost the same differentiated features as PASCAL so it has got the independent panels it has got the spacer all those things like the PASCAL but with a narrower profile it is a night in all based system, the question you asked about, okay, how is it going to manifest itself clinically? We were expecting it to be a compliment, that as physicians gain experience, they will say, oh, maybe this is a good case, to use a PASCAL ACE. Frankly, we are still early in our experience. And those are some of the answers that we are going to get as we get deeper experience at this point, we are still, it’s still new enough that we can’t say definitively where that’s going to fit on a long-term basis.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. I am trying to think of the data I know that we talked about the fact that there were about 750. The last time we reported them, I don’t remember what the number is. And so I have to go back and check on that. Just to give you a little bit color, we are probably anticipating the U.S. that this maxes out maybe in the 850 range. So I don’t know if that helps you think about it, the rate that they are actually joining, I don’t know, off the top of my head.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks for that. Well, you could imagine most of our growth is going to come from existing centers, new centers, by their nature are smaller. I don’t know the specific number that’s in there. Maybe that’s a good question to ask if the investor conference, but that’s not going to be the bulk of our growth, the bulk of our growth is going to come from growth in existing centers. I remember, we are at 750 already. So to drive these kind of big numbers, you can just you can anticipate that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, maybe that is intimately familiar with the consensus as you are, but I will just remind you that of which say 19% is probably driven off a much lower base than Edwards is actually delivering in 2020. So, what you might want to do is to think about it more in terms of the actual sales rather than a sales growth rate.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, I don’t think we are going to see pivotal trial results in 2021. I think those are more likely to come in 2022. I do expect there to be a steady drumbeat of new data almost on a continuous basis. We have so many innovations going on, Larry, that I think at every meeting, you are going to see follow-ups on CE Mark studies, you are going to see first experiences, you are going to see a lot of things that are really powerful leading indicators, but in terms of the pivotal trial, I don’t think that we have one in ‘21.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So Larry, I mean, you are pretty familiar, right. You came along for this journey, and TAVR. And even though we had nice sales for TAVR in Europe, they really didn’t take off until we had the pivotal data in the U.S. and made a significant step up with those big pivotal studies. Now, having said that, kind of like TAVR, there is a lot of excitement on the part of clinicians to treat their tricuspid patients, there aren’t many answers for them. And so they are anxious to have solutions. So, if we can deliver some results, we think it could be interesting, but by predicting the tricuspid adoption rate is still very difficult. I think it’s going to be so important for us to get some long-term results on that before we can make it. We have a lot of studies coming TRISCEND II, the class of which was the EVOQUE trial. Of the EVOQUE TR pivotal trial, we have Class 2, which is the tricuspid trial. So, we have real trials that are pointed at and are exploring this and finding the answer to your question, but it’s still early, Larry.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, that’s a good question. It’s interesting almost the more we learn about AS are the more we learn about AS. The market turns out to be pretty significant of people that are undiagnosed and not really in the system. And so it’s difficult for us to say that quantitatively, we are – we do think the asymptomatic patients, is a significant population. And we think that the moderate AS is also a very significant population. We haven’t been able to accurately size those at this point. That would be a good one maybe for us to get a little deeper when we are together in December, but this one we are competent that it’s a driver and going to be a driver on a very long-term basis, but it’s not clear what the size is at this point.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. We are really pleased to report that five year data about in TAVR and SAVR, if you will, and it said, Hey, pretty good quality of life and so forth, maintained through five years. And that data is always valuable. A little bit of what you have to do is to put it in perspective, remember that data goes back quite a ways. And so that was at that time, not sure we even had intermediate approved for very long. And so the average age of those patients were nearly 80 years old. So they were sick and at high risk. And when if you if you just take a look and see what those results look like. And now, in this fast moving TAVR, a world where improvements have been significant, we would expect that as technologies improve, and we move to lower risk patients that those results get even better. Just having a valve and a valve option for these younger patients with tissue valves or transcatheter valve is a big deal for a them to be able to avoid surgery. So we think it’s something the clinical community and patients especially really value
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, no, we don’t have any particular visibility of these patients by risk level that gives us a deeper insight to the question. You are asking about what we are seeing right now. So we just don’t have much on that. In terms of the adoption of low risk, we saw a pretty steep inflection point once the data was presented last year. It is getting to a point now where it’s been out there for more than a year, we are still seeing steady increases, but not at the same pace that we saw when it was first introduced last year.
Mike Mussallem: Okay, well, thanks very much for your continued interest in Edwards, Scott, and Mark and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that, Back to you, Mark.
