Thomas Abate: Thank you, Mike. Before I get into the financial results, I would like to explain how we accounted for the retroactive portion of the federal R&D tax credit that was passed in January. For comparison purposes, we reflected the benefit in the fourth quarter 2012. Specifically in our non-GAAP results for the quarter, we included an $8.4 million tax benefit equaling $0.07 per share, which represents the full-year 2012 credit. As required, we will record the benefit in our first quarter 2013 GAAP results, but we'll exclude it from non-GAAP results. This, combined with the $9 million realignment charge that Mike mentioned, reduced the GAAP earnings per share by $0.13. Turning to our results, while we fell short of our original goals for the year, we still achieved 16% underlying sales growth and recorded strong bottom line growth even as we increased our R&D investment to 18%. For the quarter, we achieved diluted EPS of $0.77 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.90, a 45% growth rate over last year. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 75.4% compared to 72.2% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix and a favorable impact from foreign exchange. For 2013, we expect our gross profit margin to benefit from a more favorable product mix. However, at today's exchange rates, we do not expect the FX lift we experienced in the second half of 2012. We continue to expect full-year gross profit, excluding special items, to be between 74% and 76%. Fourth quarter SG&A expenses of $178 million or 35% of sales benefited from disciplined spending and lower sales-related incentive expenses. Fourth quarter expenses increased $14 million over the prior-year driven primarily by U.S. transcatheter launch-related investments. We continue to expect SG&A expenses to be between 36% and 37% of sales for the full year 2013, including the impact of the medical device tax. R&D investments in the quarter grew 23% to $75 million or 15% of sales. This increase was the result of additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in all of our product lines. For the full year 2013, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 16%. Our reported tax rate for the fourth quarter was 25.5%. Adjusting for the global realignment charge and the benefit from the R&D tax credit renewal, our rate was 19%. Excluding the benefit of the R&D, 2012 R&D credit, we continue to expect our 2013 tax rate to be between 23% and 24%. FX rates negatively impacted fourth quarter sales by approximately $9 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our recent guidance, FX did not have a material impact on the quarter's earnings. Looking forward, at current rates, we now expect a $20 million negative impact to 2013 full-year sales when compared to 2012 rates. Free cash flow generated during the fourth quarter was $71 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $127 million, less capital spending of $56 million. This resulted in full year free cash flow of $253 million, which is our strongest performance to date. During the quarter, we spent approximately $187 million on share repurchases. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 4 million shares for $353 million. For modeling purposes, we now project diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 117 million in 2013. Turning to our balance sheet, we had total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $521 million, and total debt of $189 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 58 days, a reduction of 6 days from the prior quarter, driven primarily from improvements in Europe. Inventory turns were 1.8. Turning to our 2013 sales guidance. Our product line sales guidance remains unchanged from our December Investor Conference. For Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales to be between $800 million and $840 million. In transcatheter heart valves, we expect sales to be between $710 million and $790 million. In Critical Care, we expect sales of $560 million to $600 million. We continue to expect full-year sales of $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion excluding special items. We also remain comfortable with our previously stated guidance of free cash flow between $300 million and $340 million, and earnings per diluted share of $3.21 to $3.31. For the first quarter 2013, we project total sales of $505 million to $530 million, and expect first quarter diluted EPS, excluding the $0.07 benefit from the 2012 R&D tax credit and other special items to be $0.74 to $0.78.  And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike. 
Thomas Abate: I would put it in the range of, say, 10 to 15, less than we saw in Q4. But that's not as solid to be able to predict that. 
Thomas Abate: Well, you know, Glen, if you look at our history, Q4 is typically, on an EPS basis, our strongest quarter. So to take and draw parallels from there is a little bit -- you've got to be careful. We are going to continue to invest in the business in absolute dollars, that's for sure. And we also have the medical device tax. If you remember, one of the things that's going to step us up, I think I said, was about 90 basis points. So we'll probably have a percentage point or close to that. For that and we also have a Japan investment that we're putting in, that's probably another 50 to 60 basis points. So if you're looking particularly at SG&A, there's some of the comparisons. And we're also -- we were very disciplined on our spending in Q4. So I think that the quarter was strong, no doubt it was strong and obviously, the R&D tax credit was all loaded in that quarter. But if you peel it back, I think the guidance still makes a lot of sense and still shows nice growth. 
Thomas Abate: Sure, David. When we looked at it, interestingly enough, they tend to offset just maybe the way they were balanced between regions and businesses. I didn't see a significant change. Maybe 10 basis points overall for us on any line. So did not see that as a big factor. Obviously, sales are directly affected and what we have is we have our hedged contracts, which are designed to offset those movements and those are generally in cost of goods sold. The rest of it is expenses, operational expenses, that are in the foreign currencies, and we hope that a combination between the hedge and the natural hedges, the hedges we buy and the natural hedges, end up getting us covered to, say, approximately about 90% of the risk. 
Thomas Abate: Sure. It was clearly in year '11, we had a pretty negative impact from foreign exchange. So a good portion of the boost was what would happen at '11. And as a full year, David, probably the best way to think of it is, we said, it still remained to be the case as we said back in Investor Conference, probably the full-year rate of 74.4%,has maybe 50, 60 basis points of help. So the underlying rate, I'd put it just under 74%. And our guidance for next year, being 74% to 76% implies, we'll probably get 100 to 120 product mix is the way it looks right now. And the vast majority of that would come from the growth of transcatheter. Just [indiscernible]. 
Thomas Abate: But Raj, if you're working with the math, you also have to remember, one of the things we said is that some of the larger centers came in for TA that if they were close to earning consignment that we probably would -- we would not go through with the second stocking order that they would go straight into consignment. So it's smaller than you would think. If you try to match that up to the number of centers, it's quite a bit less. And that's a big piece of the story. There's quite a few of those guys that came in first. We did not book a stocking order. 
Thomas Abate: Actually, the boost from currency in -- specifically in the fourth quarter was bigger than that, Bob. Its probably closer to 200 basis points. 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. We expect another exciting year for Edwards Lifesciences with continued strong sales growth, greater operating leverage and progress on a number of important clinical milestones. We also plan to continue investing substantially in the development of transcatheter valves and other structural heart disease therapies, as well as in Critical Care technologies. We believe our patient-focused innovation strategy, global presence and strong financial footing uniquely positions us for a sustainable competitive advantage.  With that, I'll turn it back over to David. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, the stocking clearly was more than we expected, Larry, and I think we thought it was going to be a lower number. And so, yes, you're right. There is a real impact here that the $16 million of stocking lifted us. But I think you need to look at a little bit of a broader picture here. We -- there was such a rush for trans -- to be trained on transapical that we trained an awful lot of accounts more than we expected to train in the quarter. And with that came the stocking orders. At the same time, there was a pretty tremendous queue of transapical patients that have been collected by hospitals. And these are patients that could not have been treated with the transfemoral system. And in particular here with the SAPIEN valve and its large delivery profile it probably exasperated that number. And so what we believe happened here is kind of a triaging effect, where there was a real rush to be able to treat these transapical patients and part of that drove more training, more transapical training, than we anticipated. And probably held down some of the transfemoral numbers in the quarter. We heard, at least anecdotally, that a number of our talents, for example, only have 1 day a week that were dedicated to the TAVR procedure. And so those -- for the fourth quarter, in many cases, were exclusively transapical procedures. Hopefully that helps. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Let me see if I can get them. Well, first of all, Larry, in terms of what we expect to see out of ACC, we really don't have any insight to share on that one. You know how we feel about the SAPIEN XT valve. We think it's -- that, that's very good therapy. But no real heads-up here in terms of what they expect to see out of that trial. Your second question, Larry, I just want to make sure... 
Michael Mussallem: No, I don't expect to have anything published on the nested registry -- anything is possible, Larry, but I'm not expecting that. And finally, you asked about whether we thought there would be a panel on PARTNER II... 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, on XT? Yes, we think it's probably unlikely. When we gave you estimates on what to expect, we said that we would have a submission of the PARTNER II Cohort B by midyear and there would be about a 365-day review process. Again, that's just an estimate on our part. That would be our estimate of how this thing would go and it anticipates that there -- it's unlikely there's a panel. But FDA really hasn't weighed in on that, so we don't know. We would say, it'd be very likely that there would be a panel on PARTNER II A since that's a different group of patients. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bruce. Well, probably 2 very different points here. One is that in the $390 million to $440 million, those are reported results and so we would indeed see a little bit of lift from clinical units, particularly in the first half of the year while we're still finishing up PARTNER II, and then, actually, stocking is going to go from being a little lift in the first half to being a drag in the back half. And it's probably actually a drag on reported sales for the year in total. At least that's the way we've modeled it. We never know exactly how this is going to turn out. And so that's what's in the number. In terms of how deeply will we penetrate, we think there's an awful lot of patients out there, Bruce, that are not treated. Whatever kind of results we would have in 2013, we think doesn't come close to even getting after the potential population. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, first of all, it probably wouldn't be surprising to see clinical sales be similar but probably stocking is going to be a little bit less. We'll still have stocking but -- and it'll be certainly helpful. It'll be the biggest positive of the year will come in the first quarter. I'm not sure that we have a first quarter estimate. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So clearly, during the year, the actual number of procedures, we expect to step up. And that will be -- that will be increasing throughout the year. It's this net stocking impact that we're trying to provide some guidance on. Net stocking is a lift in Q1, that will be the biggest lift of the year. Not so much in Q2. It's hard for us to estimate, but it may or may not be a lift. In the back half, we're pretty convinced that consignment is going to be bigger than stocking. It will actually pull down reported results even though procedures are going up. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I don't think that we have anything to report at this, Mike, in terms of additional nested registries. I mean, there may turn out to be other items that we'd study and we'll fill you in as those become apparent. But at this point, I would say, the nested registries we already have are probably pretty well enrolled. There are probably still a few patients enrolled in some of these, but they're mostly in -- and there's nothing. This is really up to FDA, if we would get additional nested registries. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, the U.S., indeed, did step up. Some of that just maybe that the market grew a little bit faster, some of it may be a diminishing impact from competition. We think those are probably the primary factors. Outside the U.S -- so we saw some particular strength -- well, both Japan was valuable and grew for us and also emerging markets were drivers. And so, overall, those were both a little stronger than they have been earlier in the year. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I think it's fair to say, David, that we're more aggressive purchasers of the stock when we think there are opportunities there. And so we do moderate our buying patterns based on price. Overall, we continue to like share repurchases only in the absence of where we see really good strategic investments. If we found something close to home in -- whether it's in structural heart disease or in Critical Care technologies that we thought will really spell growth for the company in the future, that would be our first call on cash. We don't have anything to talk about at this point. But in the absence of that we would selectively do share repurchase. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Kristen. What we routinely do is take a look at our portfolio. We take a look at the products that we're selling. We take a look at where we're making the products and so forth. And where the growth is going to be in the future. And when we make our additions, whether they're in R&D or SG&A, we really try to move resources to where the opportunities are. And in many cases, that means we move it away from other opportunities. And so, particularly in this case, our biggest expense item is obviously employees. So we had just under 100 employees that, actually, we didn't have jobs for going forward. We tried to handle them with a great deal of respect. And they moved out of the company and that's what drove the charge that you saw this quarter. We're fortunate still to be a growing company. I think we added in that same quarter probably more than 200 jobs for a net increase of more than 100 jobs because of the opportunities that Edwards have, but that was the nature of the realignment. 
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Yes, we're fortunate that we're a market leader and so we try not to have our pricing driven by some new competitor and we've got a very strong market position. So we're quite disciplined on that. Having said that, for our big customers that achieved substantial volumes, we give them discounts. And also, we find in some cases that we have more growth in countries that have more attractive pricing. The combination of that probably had a 2% to 3% impact year-over-year in 2012 versus 2011. 
Michael Mussallem: In Europe, yes. We feel pretty much the same as we spoke about it at the Investor Conference, Kristen, which is we think the market may grow around 10% for the year, and we think we might grow some maybe at 1/2 that rate because of that new competition that's coming. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question. Our competition tends to be pretty concentrated in, I think primarily in Germany. We saw a tremendous growth in our transfemoral business, actually about 35% growth in transfemoral on a year-over-year basis. And so net-net, we feel pretty good about actually what's going on from an overall share perspective. We -- just because we're out there and we're in these accounts, we think we have a pretty good handle on what the competition is introducing and our sense is they're just not very big numbers. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, the bigger impact that we really hear with the phenomena that's happening out there is there's more of a transfemoral-first approach is what's causing the transfemoral numbers to go up and transapical to go down. 
Michael Mussallem: No, Raj. You're circling around it pretty well. The bulk of that $16 million of stocking was really probably net that resulted in transapical. And you're right, transapical probably got pulled down little bit by some consignment and the transfemoral in the quarter, although it got a lift from stocking, also we had the beginning of some significant movement to consignment as well. So the bulk of that $16 million is really transapical stocking. But as you correctly point out, consignment does detract from that. 
Michael Mussallem: Well, yes, as you can imagine, Raj, training the number of TA centers really consumed tremendous amount of capacity. We were some very busy folks during the fourth quarter training people in the transapical approach. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, good question, Danielle. Yes. What we said is from a pure sales perspective, about 45% of what was sold in the U.S. in the quarter was transapical. Because there was quite a bit of stocking, actually that number was probably from a procedure point of view, that probably accounted for more like 25% to 30% of the actual procedures may have been transapical. And although we don't have accurate data on how much of the bolus we worked off, we believe that a large part of the bolus probably was worked off during the quarter. But again, this is  one of these determinations that's made by the Heart team and so there's other factors involved, often it's the strength of the surgical program or the Cardiology program that will drive it one way or the other. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question, Danielle. We hear anecdotally that there is some movement in the large centers to add a second team, for example. But it's difficult for us to generalize. I think, broadly, we'd say the increases that we're seeing right now are coming from new centers as opposed to additions in the existing big centers. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, we do expect it to be a ramp, Jason, that's for sure. We expect to see a little of our seasonality, of course, in the third quarter but overall, a ramp throughout the year. I'm not sure I've run specific numbers on sequential quarter-over-quarters but there must be more of a doubling of procedures from 2012 to 2013. There's just a lot more procedures in the year as this launch progresses. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, we look for that, Jason. We can't say at this point that we've really seen the uptick in the surgical business as a result of transfemoral. Part of the theory that we have is this is more likely to track really the advent of transapical cases. And that, as you know, just started here late in October. And so as that starts to become part of their practice, we think it's more likely to see this kind of Halo show up, and we'll be looking closely for it and be glad to share that with you. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Clearly, there's interest in transaortic. And we're seeing it across Europe as well, and certainly in the U.S. Right now, the NCD does not provide for the reimbursement of a transaortic delivery and, so, that probably has a very real impact on how often it's done. We actually thought that this special protocol that would be approved by CMS would be done at this point. It's still not quite done. It's at the final throes. I think the societies that are actually running these registries decided to take it through FDA first and to have an approved protocol and an approved ID, and they pretty much cleared that hurdle. And so now we think there's just the final hurdle to get through CMS. So that should be around the corner for us. And at that time, we'll get a better handle on TAL. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, not a substantial change in reimbursement during the quarter. We did see probably a little uptick in France in terms of the number of centers, but no real -- no real change, for example, we've been anticipating some improvements in the U.K. No real changes yet. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, broadly, we think a lot of centers are just getting going, Miro. So we think there's going to be a substantial lift in 2013 and given that it's only the real second full year of launch, we don't think it's unusual to have this kind of a growth rate. As it relates to TA, that, that gets to be a little bit tricky business. I'm not sure of your question exactly but it's tough to know exactly what the TA percentages are going to do. Remember, this is the SAPIEN technology, and we, historically, saw higher TA percentages with SAPIEN because of a larger profile during introduction and that drifts down. And at the same time, you've got this under current of a TF-first approach. So we're not certain exactly where that goes. But in terms of the -- what's going to happen to the 2013 numbers, we just think the underlying demand is substantial across-the-board and that these Heart teams are going to continue to be treated, they gain their confidence -- as we say, there's 200 centers that are trained as we exited the year. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We think we have. We factored that in to some extent. If it turns out to be unusual, then we would be affected by it but we believe that, that's in our numbers and we certainly model that. 
Michael Mussallem: You can be certain that as soon as we have something meaningful to announce that we'll get it out there. No real change to what we said at our Investor Conference, which is we thought that our first demand was likely in 2013. 
Michael Mussallem: We think that's a reasonable number, Bob, yes. We said 200 in total over 2 years, and most likely that it will split pretty evenly. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, if we could predict that with a great deal of precision, we'd probably try and get it out there, Bob. It's difficult -- that's a difficult one for us to predict accurately. So we more or less just try and share what we think is going to happen from a trend and direction point of view. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I think we've talked pretty extensively about TF and TA. Maybe from a country mix point of view, we saw Germany continue to be a strong grower. You're talking about -- depending on whether you're talking about procedures, sales, some in the 10% to 20% range. And France helped a little bit, too. I think the biggest difference is we didn't have as big a decline in the fourth quarter out of Southern Europe as we had seen a little bit earlier. They were negative but not nearly as negative as they have been previously. I think it was maybe literally single-digit declines for the first time that we haven't seen for a while. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, well, you're absolutely correct, Steve. There's going to be a lot more data that becomes apparent because of these registries. The SAPIEN platform already has a tremendous amount of data. And we feel like it's a best-in-class system. We haven't spent a lot of time trying to differentiate ourselves versus our competitors. We spent far more time trying to make sure that these patients that have been untreated get treated and feel like we've made some headway there. Is there some chance here that patients that aren't as sick get treated, I suppose there could be some lift, but we think the more fundamental lift will come actually when the PARTNER II data that measures these -- that evaluates these patients with STS scores down to 4 becomes available. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, I think -- when it comes to sales data, I think there is -- there was an extra sale day in the U.S. and that may be the case outside the U.S. as well. When it's not really profound, we normally don't talk about it. But I think that clearly was the case. It's very difficult for us to say with 1 quarter of data what's happening in the environment. I'd love to say something in general about the market but it's too soon. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I think it's certainly true that some of the new centers are challenged from an economic perspective. Probably the best data on this was the PARTNER data, and that showed that it was cost effective. But nonetheless, we know that it certainly is more profitable for some of large academic centers in the East versus what it might be in some of the smaller centers or those in more rural areas. So that is the comment. I mean, broadly though, when we think about cost-effectiveness, the more that the procedure gets refined and the more we're able to reduce complications and get people out of the hospital faster, we feel like that is improving everyday, that really improves the economics. And so although there is some consternation on the part of some of the new accounts, we think the trend is going in the right direction. And we feel pretty good about the cost-effectiveness of the technology overall. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. As part of their training, we have a lot of open discussion. And we certainly try and support them as they think about starting their program. We share the available data that's available and the total impact that it might have on the hospital. And so, they come with a number of their own questions and we try and be as helpful as possible. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, you sounds exactly like what we say to FDA. Of course, we will ask for a faster approval timelines. You guys know the history of this. We probably don't have much better estimate than you may have. We feel like this estimate of 365 days is certainly faster than the averages that FDA typically has in this space. And so that's more than 500 days. So we're going to stay with our estimate at this point, Spencer, though. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. So with that, back to you, David. 
