Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, we're pleased to achieve healthy financial performance and substantial progress on important new therapies in 2015. Our focused innovation strategy can transform patient care and drive value to the healthcare system and to shareholders. We're enthusiastic about the continued expansion of transcatheter based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, which positions us for a bright future. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, David. You're right. When we originally talked about this, I think we estimated that this might take us to the 350 to 400 range and here we are right at about 400 active centers today. And there are more centers that are interested in getting within the NCD qualification. So, they are doing the things that they need to do to have the staff and capabilities in place, so that they can be added. And that's an encouraging sight (23:58) from our perspective. So, we're continuing to add. Having said that, David, most of the growth that we're seeing is really coming from large centers, and that continues to be a big driver of what's going on right now.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, David. Yeah, typically we see a real slowdown in the last two weeks of December, just the way the holidays fall, it's not common for people to have the kind of procedures that Edwards is involved in during that time. We just didn't see that slowdown this year, so that surprised us to see the strength of those procedures. Now when you couple it with the fact that we're now in the beginning of February, we've had a chance to see our January numbers, and it appears that this wasn't stealing procedures from January, but rather we continued at a strong pace. And so, that's really more of a commentary about the strength of the therapy adoption. And so, given the strength of that momentum and what we see, that really what encouraged us to raise our estimates for full-year 2016.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Brooks. Yeah. Let me try and take it apart. There are going to be two datasets that are substantial that are presented at the ACC. The original PARTNER II Trial is a randomization of SAPIEN XT versus open heart valve replacement. You'll see the results of that, that's a substantial study and again high quality science. Within the contemporary timeframe, we were able to introduce SAPIEN 3 and so, literally added to the PARTNER II was this separate arm of 1,000 SAPIEN 3 patients that were also enrolled in intermediate patients. And the thought here is, it's a comparison of SAPIEN 3 that you'll be able to compare to both the SAPIEN XT data and also the surgical data, because it was all done in a contemporary timeframe. And since the SAPIEN 3 valve is the valve that's broadly in use today, I think the logic will hold together and we're expecting that physicians and FDA will see it that way. So, that sort of point number one. Point number two, the way the trial was constructed, it was a non-inferiority trial, and we really powered it for non-inferiority. But it's still a very large trial to power a trial for superiority. We will assume that the time would have taken a lot of patients. So, we're still assuming that we are favorable on non-inferiority. It's always possible that somebody can do a post-hoc analysis of the data and try and analyze whether it's superior, but it will be trying to do it with a number of patients that was really intended to demonstrate non-inferiority.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. We feel like we're the market share leader today. And because of the way the National Coverage Determination is written, the coverage is really linked to an FDA approval and it's product-specific. So, clinicians that were to use a valve that wasn't approved for intermediate risk, would run the risk of running afoul of the NCD. So, we think physicians will be somewhat disciplined. And so, I think we do end up with some kind of an advantage if we were to have an intermediate risk approval before our competitor.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks for that Mike. As you can imagine, there is a limited number of TAVR centers, and given the fact that this expansion is probably likely to occur within their existing centers, we are going to get a fair amount of leverage, and there will be a lot of drop-through. Now having said that, we are aggressive investors in our future, and as you know we have a number of initiatives going in the area of structural heart. Those investments, we think, are great investments and they have an opportunity to yield a lot of future success, but they don't have any sales associated with them, so those aren't particularly accretive to earnings. And so, I would encourage you to be moderate in terms of what you would expect all that drop-through to be as we go forward.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Good question, Jason. And it's fair to say that we're learning as we go. These are tough to anticipate in advance just exactly how many centers are going to be into it. And what we find here is with the success of TAVR, and actually it appears to be a really learnable procedure, that centers are sincerely interested in having this option to offer to their patient. Just think if you're a center that only offers a surgical option, you're not quite as attractive as you might be if you had a full range of options. So, this is encouraging centers to come into it. In terms of how many, we do have somewhat of a backlog. It would be a real guess at this point, but maybe an additional 40 sites in 2016 might be added. We know some of these sites, if we're successful in getting a Pulmonic indication might be pediatric sites that come in and learn TAVR as well. So it's an estimate, Jason, but hopefully that helps you a little bit. In terms of what's going on over the holiday season, I suspect you're right, the shorter length of stays probably encouraged people to maybe take something on over the holidays that they might not have taken on if it had a long recovery period. We didn't anticipate it, so I can't tell you that we had this all figured out in advance. This is more we watched the story and now we're applying our own explanations to why, but we probably have to dig a little deeper to understand it. But, again, I'll just remind you on the bigger picture in terms of number of centers. We continue to see the large bulk of the growth come from these big hospitals that already have strong programs.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I think, it's fair to say, Jason, that we believe the majority of that $100 million increase is going to come from the U.S.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Yeah, the Pulmonic indication is still by comparison a smaller opportunity, although it's really important for these patients in need. These are often children. We estimate that the opportunity in terms of overall size is in the, maybe the, $50 million to $100 million range, if that helps for your estimate.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, David. Maybe, what I'll refer you back, those that recall, Larry Wood used a graph that sort of was a bell-shaped curve that showed the patients with AS that we believe exist by age. And if you were to look at that, the bulk of the patients we believe are over 65. So actually capping or having an age cutoff at 65, we don't think is a major deterrent to enrollment. We think there's plenty of patients over 65 that have low surgical risk that'll make that a popular trial. So if that gets at your question.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, we still think it's attractive. And again, I'll refer you back to that graph. The patients that are under 65 with severe symptomatic AS, there's actually a pretty high percentage of those patients that are already treated today because they're great surgical candidates. It's those older patients that are deemed probably not great surgical candidates or the ones that are left on the sidelines that now it becomes an attractive opportunity for them to have this opportunity at a higher quality life.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. So, yeah, Europe again was a strong performer. We think that market growth was probably in excess of 20%. That was pretty impressive, especially when you consider it's been now like eight years since we introduced in Europe. We grew a little slower than that. I want to say we're in the high-teens range. So, we probably gave up a little bit of market share in Europe that was not unexpected on our part. But the good news here is, I think in 2015 the overall growth for Edwards in Europe was something in the 25% range. So, there has been so much therapy adoption that we've been able to have strong growth here, even in the face of this increased competition, which we had signaled right along.
Michael A. Mussallem: We're fortunate that we have a very strong share position already. And as we probably indicate, we sell at a price premium and so we're going to continue to exhibit pricing discipline on our part and we like to think that the strength of our products will continue to differentiate us. As I mentioned there, you got a number of new competitors and they seem to be around 15% of the overall procedures today. So, that gives you some kind of a picture of how things look today, and we feel pretty confident about the future.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Raj. Yeah, our intention, we signal this to – is to begin mid-year. As we indicated, we began our early feasibility studies in the U.S. right now. And we expect to learn a lot from those studies. And we're going to try and take advantage of that learning as we go through and design our CE Mark trial. So, that design is not fixed at this point, so I don't have anything to share. But, again, as long as we – if we can have a good success with our EFS experience then we'd like to think that we stay on track and are able to get that. And we'll let you know what the trial looks like, and it'll certainly be posted on clintrials.gov (sic) [clinicaltrials.gov] (44:42).
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I probably don't have a deep, deep intimacy, but I think I can give you an overview of what's intended there. Recall, that the early observations were not conducted in a highly scientific trial with adjudication and follow up, et cetera. And so, the idea here is to actually have randomized patients, 400 in our case, and we wouldn't be surprised to see other companies following a similar standardized imaging protocol and that this would actually be analyzed, so this would be covered in the short-term under our study, and so it would be regular follow up as part of this study with all of the bells and whistles that go along with a PARTNER 3 Trial, and then these patients to be followed on a longer-term basis using the registry. So, there'd be a lot of science around this, and we'd have probably better data than we've ever had in the past. And what we've been able to do is not just know whether there was some leaflet thickening that was viewed by imaging, but we get to find out is there a clinical consequence, were there any strokes, is there any mortality, is there any kind of clinical consequence to those kind of things, are they temporary and do they go away, et cetera. We'll get more data than we've ever had on this, so it should be informative.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Well, unfortunately, there is not a single theme here. We've seen a variety of behaviors across hospitals. Because of these procedures turn out to be shorter and more predictable, what it's done is it's encouraged hospitals. So within the same cath lab or within the same OR, they can get more cases per day. And also, some hospitals are looking at this, I think, relative to the demand out there and also their own economics and they are just adding extra days. So maybe in the past they used to do these cases only on Tuesday and now they might happen on multiple days per week in that same hospital. So for the most part, it's not, if you will, bricks and mortar that's driving the capacity increase, I think it's more of a redistribution of their own internal capacity combined with just the improving efficiency of these procedures.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. By its nature, the early feasibility studies are a low number of patients. And so, that's not going to be big. We expect there to be a lot of learning. As we said, it was going to be across seven centers. And so, it's good about that, we'll get a chance to see, is it reproducible, can it be done in the hands of multiple talented physicians? And so, that will be the learning for us. It won't be big data like you see in a big pivotal trial, it will more be learning for us. I don't know the specifics. I think the details will be posted on clintrials.gov (sic) [clinicaltrials.gov] (48:45), if it's not up there already.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks very much for the compliment. And to our knowledge (49:27), they do not have the intermediate risk, they do not know the results of the randomized intermediate risk trial, even at this point they don't know that. They did have the benefit of the SAPIEN 3 30-day data and I think mostly what they were encouraged by was the fact that here was going to be a very rigorous randomized study that was going to be done. So, they didn't have to count on exactly how things have played out on the intermediate front. They've obviously watched the data that was available closely. But I think this is more in the spirit of what we offered up was a highly rigorous study that's good science. So, I think they're highly interested and having that – to stay in front of clinical practice rather than let this slip away from them.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I think there are multiple factors that are going to influence the practice, and I think economics will certainly be a factor. They're going to – they'll look at how good is this clinical data. So, they'll look at things like mortality and stroke, they'll look at the economics, they'll look at the quality of life for these patients and the heart team assessments. So, that will all get baked into the ultimate decision-making. We know from our past here when procedures were unprofitable that was deterrent for hospitals. We think, under the current DRG, that the reimbursement is fair, and that most hospitals do pretty well on that. So, we don't think if it's a penalty like it might have been in the very early days of TAVR.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's a good question. Yeah, that's exactly our strategy. We would take the data that becomes available right at the time of ACC and think about us packaging it right then and try and get it into our notified bodies. Our best guess is that it takes the most of 2016 to digest that, evaluate it, and fully probe it. So, hard to predict, but we would think that a 2017 approval would be likely in Europe.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Glenn. Yeah, I don't know if we have insight that's much deeper than yours. It's – we think it's common in Europe that their patients are on the sideline and that many people with AS don't get treated. And just because of the kind of world that we live in, this information is going to travel, it's going to travel fast, and European clinicians are going to become well aware of what was presented at the ACC. So, do I expect there to be some influence? Yes, I do. I think the movement of the label will be meaningful. The actual movement of any European guidelines will be meaningful. So those things will take some time. But I expect it to have impact, it's tough for us to assess exactly how fast.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We think that the bulk of the patients that are being treated in Europe are high risk. If you track the average age of these patients it's consistently been over 80 years of age. And they go through a heart team assessment. And we sit here with our own definitions, but I think the heart teams have decided that these are high risk patients. They take a look at the opportunity for them to go through surgery, and they have assessed it as high risk in their own way of looking at it, and that's what the guidelines say. So, it's difficult for us to say exactly what's going on right now, just because they have their way of assessing it, that's driven by their own heart teams. And I think those heart teams are doing the very best that they can.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's a great question. We've tried to talk about it before. Remember, risk scores were established based on the risk to go through open heart procedures. Right? And so, again, that was the context. For example, age was not even part of a risk score. You can be over 90 and considered low risk. Many clinicians look at that today and say, boy, I have a tough time believing that this 95-year-old is low risk, but that is the way that the STS score can characterize it today. What's good news for patients is, every one of those patients go through a heart team assessment. That's part of what the FDA label calls for and also what the CMS, NCD calls for. And so risk scores are helpful, but they're not the only indicators that are used by clinicians. They'll include frailty, other factors like a hostile chest, et cetera, when they go through their assessment. So we think people are being very diligent in terms of the way that they treat patients today. And I think you'd be misled to believe that there is some kind of broad use already by intermediate risk patients.
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't know what the implications are for competition in terms of low risk trial. Obviously, we reached agreement with FDA by proposing this very robust trial, 1,300 patients with – over age 65 with all of the adjudication that's associated with it. So very high quality research. And I would imagine that others would also follow that pathway, so.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Good questions, Bruce, and thanks for those. Yeah, in terms of recruitment, you can imagine, if you're a low risk patient and today your only option is an open heart valve replacement, if you had an option to enter a clinical trial where you could get a transcatheter procedure, that might be attractive to you. So we don't expect to do anything unusual in terms of that. We continually try and support organizations like the ACC and the American Heart Association and individual hospitals as they raise awareness, but you shouldn't expect anything unusual beyond that. In terms of OUS and what's going to be their policies, it's probably going to be driven primarily by how they approach it from a reimbursement perspective. And so, what we're going to be prepared to do as part of our low risk trial is to also gather information on economics, gather information on the quality of life for these patients so that we can have a meaningful conversation with these payers around the world. And what we're encouraged by is, we think you get a pretty good bang for the buck in terms of the quality of life and the extension of life with this kind of technology compared to many other kinds of healthcare. And we'd like to think that we can back it up with data.
Michael A. Mussallem: All right, well, thanks, all of you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David, and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
Scott B. Ullem: Larry, it's Scott. Good question, the answer to your first question is, yes, most of that incremental sales generated from THV will fall through to the bottom line earnings per share. We're also battling a little bit higher tax rate because of some of those incremental sales will be coming out of the U.S. In terms of SG&A as a percentage of sales, I think our guidance for longer term is unchanged, it's still going to be in that low-30% of sales range, longer term.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah. It's a good question, Mike. I think we give ranges because there are a lot of moving pieces really the sales estimate does fall through to the bottom line. And it's just it's a lot of positive momentum going into earnings per share growth. But, there is really nothing else to speak of that's changed in the overall model.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. The – so I'll tell you some of the other inputs to the 73.8% margin in fourth quarter. About 1.2% of that was from better mix, but it was more than offset by investments that we continue to make in our operations part of which was that 1% of gross margin that we invested in realigning some Critical Care operations. In terms of margins going forward, I guess for 2016, we're still in that 74% to 75% range. Again it's a range. Yes, we probably moved up higher in that range as a result of the higher THV sales, but that's still the right range to model. I think longer-term, the margin profile is probably going to be similar. There was an earlier question about, is SG&A as a percentage of sales low-30% still the right number? Yes it is. We're going to continue to invest in the business, as Mike said, so 16% R&D is still the right level to be thinking about longer-term.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah. Well, there's a lot going on in operations, generally, Critical Care and the rest of the company, as we continue to grow. And so the 74% to 75% guidance for 2016 reflects what we're investing in the business. And you're right, the 1% for Critical Care was part of the operations investments we made in Q4 that brought it down from our original 75% expectation.
