Thomas Abate: Thank you Mike. This quarter we achieved diluted earnings per share of $0.43 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.38, which was a 12% decrease versus prior year. This decrease was driven by the planned investment in our U.S. THV launch and the impact of foreign exchange. As a result of this pre-launch investment, and a projected improvement in the foreign exchange impact, we look forward to much stronger operating leverage beginning in Q4.  For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 69.6%, compared to 72.5% in the same period last year. This decrease was primarily driven by a 350-basis point impact from foreign exchange. At current rates, we expect this negative FX impact to diminish in the fourth quarter and we remain on track to exit the year at approximately 73%. Third quarter SG&A expenses were $166 million, or 40% of sales, an increase of $32 million over the past year. This increase was driven primarily by $11 million of U.S. transcatheter launch-related investments and a $10 million impact from foreign exchange. For full year 2011, we continue to expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be between 37% and 39%.  R&D expenses in the quarter were $62 million, or 15% of sales, an increase of $9 million over the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in our transcatheter valve programs. For full year 2011, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 16%. During the quarter, we recorded a $6.9 million income tax benefit resulting from a favorable ruling pertaining to the 2009 sale of our hemofiltration product lines. Other expense of $2.3 million in the quarter consisted primarily of balance sheet related foreign exchange losses of $3.1 million and a $1.4 million gain from the sale of an investment. Recall that other income of $3 million in the prior year quarter included a foreign exchange gain of $1.7 million. Our reported tax rate for the third quarter was 10.4%. Excluding special items, this rate was 22.4%. Based on our projected geographic mix of income, we now expect full year rate to be approximately 23-24% excluding special items. FX rates positively impacted third quarter sales by approximately $24 million compared to the prior year. On a year over year basis, foreign exchange movements negatively impacted earnings by $0.05, which includes an unexpected $0.02 due to FX losses on intercompany balances driven by the weakening of the euro in September. At current rates, we expect an approximate $50 million positive impact to 2011 full year sales versus prior year. Free cash flow generated during the third quarter was $78 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $97 million, less capital spending of $19 million. For 2011, excluding the cash impact of special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $190-200 million. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares for $104 million. With our recently authorized share repurchase program, we had $638 million available for share repurchase at the end of the third quarter. We now project diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $118 million for the fourth quarter. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a net cash position of $276 million. Total cash of $451 million exceeded our total debt of $175 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 70 days, a 1-day increase from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 2.0, relatively unchanged from the prior quarter. Turning to our 2011 sales guidance, for heart valve therapy, we continue to expect sales to be between $1.01 billion and $1.05 billion, with an underlying growth rate of 16-20%. In critical care, we now expect sales to be between $505 million to $515 million, and underlying growth at the top of our 5-8% range.  In cardiac surgery system, we expect sales in our previously stated $105-115 million range with an underlying sales growth of 6-8%. For vascular, we continue to expect sales of $50-60 million. Given our strong year to date performance, we are tightening our previous range of full year sales to $1.68 billion to $1.72 billion, and now expect to achieve net income growth of 7-10% excluding special items. For the fourth quarter 2011, we project total sales of $430-470 million. We now expect 2011 diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, of $1.97 to $2.02. For the fourth quarter 2011 we project diluted EPS, excluding special items, of $0.57 to $0.62. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Mike. 
Thomas Abate: Sure. You’re pretty close. I’d say part of the story has to do with the third quarter in that we overachieved sales, but because of the contracts in place, we really didn’t deliver better bottom line with that. So that was sort of an upside where we’ve got a little bit of a softening on the approval here, so that those two sales wise doesn’t make a huge difference. We reflected that difference, though, obviously. The second piece has an impact on earnings. 
Thomas Abate: Sure. In fact, we’ve talked about this and what we like to do is try to lock in a rate one year in advance, so that when we’re comparing back to the year prior we have effective rate essentially at that time. And if you look back a year ago, the difference is probably the biggest in Q3. The euro was about $1.26 versus the average we had during the year. During this year it was $1.44. So big difference, big payback on those contracts. But back at that time, you were trying to protect yourself against an even weaker euro. All of that changes pretty dramatically as you move into Q4, where the rates I believe are something like $1.40 versus $1.44. So they’re coming into a much tighter range, very quickly, and that’s going to help the margins as soon as next quarter. 
Thomas Abate: Yes. If you remember, what’s going on here is you’ve got your fixed investment, particularly the largest occurs in the third quarter without any help from sales whatsoever. So we’ve been on track with our investment for the preparation and therefore the ratios look probably the worst they will look in a long time in the third quarter. All of that starts to change in Q4, even just the GP release. I’m looking at 350 basis points we’re giving up. That gets much better. So that helps the operating margin. And then any sales coming from THV are going to be an add-on to what is a fixed space, that while it’s growing it’s going to significantly give us leverage.
Thomas Abate: I’m trying to think of a reason that that would change. If anything, maybe a little bit more efficient, but we weren’t projecting anything different. 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Tom. We believe our leading products and extensive product pipeline position us well for long term success. In particular, TAVR is gaining momentum as a treatment option for high-risk and inoperable patient, fueled by the growing body of impressive clinical results. And with further geographic expansion, broader indications, and technology enhancements, we expect accelerated revenue growth. And while even a minor shift in timing of the U.S. approval of SAPIEN affects the fourth quarter earnings, the value to Edwards in 2012 and beyond remains compelling. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to David. 
Michael Mussallem: We think the order of site training and so forth is something that’s going to be conducted by Edwards Lifesciences. 
Michael Mussallem: Sure. There’s a couple of parts to your question, Larry, and I appreciate it. First, as it relates to the CMS, we think CMS is going to cover consistent with the patients that were studied in the PARTNER trial, and I don’t expect that to be limiting. I expect that slope to be exactly what we thought. As it relates to PARTNER IIA, we are indeed in discussions with the FDA about studying a broader patient population, a lower risk if you will. And part of this is just because the PARTNER A results have been so good. We’re talking about that going farther than we anticipated when we gave that guidance last year. So we indeed may end up with a higher peak, but because of the way FDA would like us to study it, we may end up studying more patients and for a longer period of time. So there may be some impact to that, but when we run the numbers on that it’s very good economic value.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Tom. Very fair question. I’ve been waiting for this one. We really do believe that there aren’t any outstanding questions at this point. We believe all issues have been resolved. We’ve been in extensive discussions with the FDA and we really believe that we’re at the end of the line here. And that’s why we gave the indication of “any day now.”
Michael Mussallem: I can tell you more about the intent than the absolute details. We do plan to start it this quarter, meaning Q4. Because the signals are pretty small as it relates to neurological events, what we would do is use an MRI signal to actually measure hits. And what we’d want to do is to measure that as an opportunity to do a lot of learning in this space. The PARTNER trial, although it generated some data, it wasn’t really designed to be able to do a detailed analysis of this. This way we can analyze different anticoagulation regimes. We can analyze the propensity of different parts of the trial, and we can analyze the ability part of the year of the Embrella device to mitigate this. So we expect to learn a lot in that, and because it doesn’t necessarily take long term followup, we ought to be able to start seeing results in 2012.
Michael Mussallem: I know it’s multi-center, but I don’t know the number of sites. And so I’m going to have to get back to you on that.
Michael Mussallem: Sure. And I think you bring up a really good point. It’s a little tough to give exact numbers because it’s tough to know the number of people that are out there that are not in the system today. And I acknowledge, I know when many people do their surveys they can see the people in the system, but aren’t clear who’s out. When we’re able to do that analysis, and we analyze the number of people in the U.S. from a prevalence perspective, we believe that there are 500,000 Americans with severe aortic stenosis and that half of those, around 250,000, have symptoms, which would be a clear indication from guideline that they should be treated. And we all know that there’s only about a third of those that get treated today. So there’s a pretty substantial population out there that you ask a natural question, that says will they come into the system. We believe that there is strong evidence that when there’s an alternative to surgery that people come into the system. And I think maybe the best proof statement is to just watch what’s going on in Europe today. We’re very close to our fourth anniversary and here we are still growing at approximately a 50% rate after all this time. And that’s really with very little share gain. That’s probably all new procedures coming into the system, probably new patients coming into the system.
Michael Mussallem: I very much believe that. All indications are, and you correctly tracked what happened in Europe. As soon as SAPIEN XT was available, SAPIEN was replaced very quickly. I think it all happened in a matter of a quarter or very close to that.
Michael Mussallem: Frankly, we would have hoped that we had agreement already at this point, and we’re disappointed we don’t. We’ve been wrong about that. We have gotten a series of questions from FDA and we believe we have fully answered all of those questions. And so we think we’re close. We think the clinicians that are part of this discussion are very supportive of the direction that we’re going in. 
Michael Mussallem: It’s a good question. Frankly, we have a tougher time really getting a firm handle on procedure numbers. So we don’t know that. The competition primarily came from one competitor that also reported earnings today so we can probably circle around that one and get pretty close. And based on the quick analysis that our team has done the impact from the competitors is very consistent with what we expected and anticipated. And so when we gave that estimate of sales growth for heart valve therapy at the beginning of the year of 3-5%, we’re going to frankly end there. Obviously we had higher growth rate in the first part of the year and lower now when we have more brunt of the competition, but at some point we expect that to mitigate.
Michael Mussallem: You’re right, Glenn, at the time of the panel we indicated that we would be targeting 150 to 259 centers in the first year. And we thought that was a number that frankly made the societies and the regulators more comfortable. And what I guess I wanted to indicate is we don’t have any reason to believe that it would be constrained beyond that. Frankly, when you really talk about number of centers, what a regulator would do would be to try and talk about the qualifications of those centers, or the criteria of what makes a qualified center and what doesn’t. So it’s kind of tough to triangulate to a specific number of accounts. It’s going to speak more to their level of experience, the level of teamwork and partnership, the quality of their facility, and so forth. So what we hold in paramount importance is the access for patients. But I think that we will stay disciplined within this 150 to 250 additional centers. 
Michael Mussallem: The pricing has been very stable in Europe. It’s been pretty much rock solid here during the course of 2011. What we believe in the U.S. is the number that we’ve been suggesting you use for modeling is around $30,000. We think that’s still a good number. Our list price will be a little higher than that, but we still think $30,000 is a good number and a good value. There are obviously going to be opportunities for discounts for people who do higher volumes. 
Michael Mussallem: It’s a good question. I think there is some novel thinking that’s going on in the part of the societies and I don’t know how CMS is going to react to it. But I think the belief is that the societies would like to see the NCD written in such a way that it has a certain amount of flexibility and that it adapts with the approved indications from FDA such that there wouldn’t be a new NCD that would go into place. And so I think their vision would be that you’d have an NCD that went into place for cohort B, that that could still be useful for cohort A, and potentially evolve into next generation products as well. But again, this remains to be played out by CMS. 
Michael Mussallem: I haven’t done a great job of predicting exactly approvals, Mike, so I don’t want to go out and be precise on the day. We said we expect it any day. That’s probably about as close as I want to get. 
Michael Mussallem: It’s a good observation, Mike. Today I don’t think there’s a lot of practice out there for splitting up these kinds of fees. And we think ultimately when this gets evaluated there will be payment provisions for multiple physicians. But right now, you’re correct, one physician gets it. In the more progressive hospitals, what they actually do is to pool that payment and have the hospital actually split it up among the physicians that are participating in the procedure. But right now that’s sort of up to the hospital to do that, to make that heart team work, to put the dollars to work in the right way for the heart team. But in the longer term, we would think the payment scheme that would come from CMS would accommodate the heart team. 
Michael Mussallem: Sure, as you’re aware, in Europe, we have been the only one with a transapical procedure and so we have been 100% of that market share, and as I indicated that’s nearly half of our volume. So the new competitors that are in place there will try and compete for that. These new competitors, although they’re interesting products, they still have very, very limited experience. Here we are with thousands and thousands of patients and many of those that are captured within randomized control trials or registries and they have a lot less than that. And with our experience in heart valves, and the fact that, frankly, our system is a smaller [unintelligible] size than our competitors [unintelligible] size, that we’ve got next generations coming. We think we’re going to be able to handle that competition pretty well. On the transfemoral side, CoreValve had a larger share, substantially, before the introduction of XT, and since the introduction of XT we have a clearly had some share gains there. We’re still pretty close to splitting the market. There’s probably still some advantage to them, but that’s closing. 
Michael Mussallem: You can see just by the way the sales are growing at 50% that reimbursement is in pretty good shape in Europe. We’re not expecting any kind of a reset here between now and the investor conference and in the investor conference we’ll try and give you a little clearer picture of what that looks like. The big countries where we’re doing a lot of procedures, like Germany and France, that seems pretty stable. And we’ll give you an update when we get there. We’re still working our way through the UK and we think there’s been some nice progress there and we’re look forward to some favorable progress in the not too distant future. But it’s a complex process that’s difficult to explain in a one-liner. 
Michael Mussallem: You know, we hesitate to comment on that until we actually get it. We have some pretty clear things in our mind, and as I’ve said, we think the negotiation is far along, but rather than get out there and speculate where we land, we’re hopefully not very far away here, that this quarter we’ll get an approval and be able to give you the exact numbers.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, I think you’re in the right neighborhood here, David. We had one-year data at the ACC and right around that same timing this next year you would expect that we would have two-year data that would be available. That’s a very reasonable assumption. 
Michael Mussallem: I don’t know in particular whether there’s going to be anything there. Of course, there’s always a possibility there’s some kind of late-breaking data that could be limited. But I think the cohort B data is going to be largely like what you’ve seen before in the previous TCT and this will just be extended out to 2 years. 
Michael Mussallem: I would think that would still be there to the extent that they have the ability to get a statistical analysis. 
Michael Mussallem: I hear you. I think at this point we’ve pretty much come to understand that there’s probably going to be some kind of a registry in the future and we’re in agreement with the societies - and the regulators for that matter - that that concept is a good one. It’s difficult for me to go through a hypothetical in terms of what might be coming within an NCD and try and project from that, so we’ll just have to see how that process works out. We continue to feel good that CMS is going to reimburse the label and make this accessible for patients. 
Michael Mussallem: Well, what we were really targeting, what would the number of sites that we would train, and that would be cohort B. 
Michael Mussallem: No, the sales level included both A and B, and anticipated that A was going to trail B by a period of time, whatever that is, 6-9 months.  
Michael Mussallem: I don’t know what exactly will be available. Probably they would be hard pressed to have a complete set of 2-year data, and frankly it wouldn’t be required for that panel, because they should be considering the 1-year data. But I’m sure they’ll take whatever they can get and whatever is available. But I’d be surprised if they could have a complete set of 2-year data.
Michael Mussallem: We don’t have any clear data that suggests that stroke rates get worse. I think some people refer to a little bit of data that was presented that was not statistically significant, that had some of this in there and they can get confused by whatever signal they thought they saw on late stroke. We don’t believe that it’s there. There’s an awful lot of experience in Europe, and you can tell the way the transcatheter is growing and the way that transapical is growing how clinicians in Europe feel about it. And I think that’s probably a pretty good indicator. So we’re not walking around thinking that there’s a late stroke issue.  
Michael Mussallem: The PARTNER A patient population was pretty small. It probably accounted for maybe 10-20% of the surgical patients that were frankly studied. Matter of fact, I might be wrong, it may actually be under 10% that was studied in the PARTNER trial. So what we’re talking about doing here is opening this up pretty significantly, but still only moving into medium risk patients. So it’s a broader group. We’re not trying to capture it all. So I would call it moderate risk. But again, I don’t want to get in front of ourselves and anticipate what’s actually going to be approved by FDA. 
Michael Mussallem: I think that’s really going to be managed by clinicians. They’re going to have an indication and label, and so we think that’s where the decisions will actually be made. So we’ll be selling both devices at that point, and one will be indicated for nonsurgical patients and the SAPIEN device would be indicated for high risk surgical. And we’re going to trust these clinicians use their judgment on how to execute that. 
Michael Mussallem: I don’t know. I have no reason to believe that CMS can or will execute something around that. I think one of the reasons why the societies and the regulators like a registry is the idea that they can actually watch these trends and watch how it goes. And I think if they found something was really getting out of bounds they would have the ability to go in there and really examine it, understand it, and do something about it.
Michael Mussallem: We’re not anticipating that that becomes a top end. The key thing that’s going to be driving us every step of the way is going to be very high level of acute procedural success. And we’re not going to want to go fast unless we’re getting great outcomes. If we aren’t getting great outcomes, we’re going to presume that we can keep going and continue to train centers, and that that will grow and that won’t be limited. If it were limited to a lower number of centers, that could have impact on our volume, indeed. But it would be tough for me to speculate on exactly what that would be. 
Michael Mussallem: We’re not in the mode of wanting to pull back. We’re very excited about this opportunity, and we’re in full goal mode. So we have built this organization to deploy in the U.S. with the idea that this is going to be very successful. We’re on a ramp, and spending in the fourth quarter is going to be higher than spending in the third quarter. The fact that this is a little delayed, could it have a moderate impact on spending? It’s possible, but it will be minor, and it really doesn’t change our strategy. 
Michael Mussallem: We continue to be very bullish about glucose monitoring, and have a long term view there. As we went out to evaluate our second generation system, part of the system included some heparin in the bag. And as we got out there with our European customers, we found that that was a real ease of use issue. It would limit them, and it would limit the ability for this to be broadly adopted. So that drove a design change on our side so that we could put an anticoagulant on the device itself. And when we put that on the device itself it kicked the device into a more difficult and longer regulatory process. We reasoned that that was worth it, and so that’s what really pushed this significant delay in CE mark. In other words, instead of self-certifying, we’ll have to generate some data first. But we’re bullish, and we feel like it’s worth it. 
Michael Mussallem: Let me try and talk about that a little bit, and I know how people can get sort of caught up in the numbers. The STS runs a database in which they collect, to the best of their ability, these valve surgeries. Based on the cutoff of the STS score, if you were to take a look at that STS population, that’s what falls into just less than 10% of the population, is where the cutoff was for the PARTNER trial. When you try and use that same sort of logic to talk about how many people are going to be treated with transcatheter valves, it kind of falls apart. Because especially for cohort B, remember, these are nonoperable patients. So there would be zero of those patients that would be captured within the STS database. These are new patients that are today untreated, not getting surgery, that are coming into the system. 
Michael Mussallem: I don’t know what it is broadly in Europe. I think there’s some early German registry data that suggests that it’s somewhere in the 20% range last time I saw it, if that’s helpful. 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Suraj, and that will have to be the end of it. I really don’t want to get into precisely what is in PARTNER II, but I think a presumption that this will be a composite endpoint is a pretty good assumption, and you can proceed on that basis if that’s helpful.  So everybody, thanks very much for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, let me kick it back to you, David.
