Scott Ullem: Thank you, Mike. I’m pleased to report another quarter of double-digit underlying sales growth. Adjusted sales were $921 million, up 11% over 2017. These results were in line with our expectations in our typical third quarter seasonality. Consistent with our practice in the prior two quarters, adjusted sales exclude a sales return reserve related to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for surgical valves in the United States, which was $14 million this quarter. We still expect to complete the conversion by year-end and now estimate the conversion will impact sales by approximately $80 million to $90 million this year. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.07 and GAAP earnings per share was $1.06. Adjusted EPS growth was 27%, which benefited from a lower tax rate, driven by U.S. tax reform and solid growth and operating income. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.02 higher this quarter than it would have been if the excess tax benefit was as we estimated in our guidance last quarter. For the quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 75.5%, compared to 74.4% in the same period last year. This improvement primarily reflects the benefit of a more profitable product mix and the absence of last year’s expenses associated with Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. These benefits were partially offset by continued investments and manufacturing capacity. We continue to expect our full-year 2018 gross profit margin, excluding special items to be between 74% and 76%. Turning to selling, general and administrative expenses. Third quarter expenses increased 10% over the prior year to $270 million, or 29.7% of sales. This increase was driven by personnel related expenses. The ratio of SG&A as a percentage of sales would have been 40 basis points lower if you exclude the impact of the HVT consignment conversion. We continue to expect full-year SG&A, excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales. Research and development investments in the quarter increased 13% over the prior year to $162 million, or 17.8% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter programs, including spending on clinical trials. We continue to expect R&D, excluding special items to be between 16% and 17% of sales for the full-year. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 9.2%, down from 19.7% in the prior year period. This reduction was driven primarily by U.S. tax reform. This quarter’s rate benefited 490 basis points from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation, which was 190 basis points higher than we estimated in our guidance last quarter. Excluding the impact from special items, our tax rate this quarter was 13.5%. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate, excluding special items to be at the low-end of our previous range of 13% to 16%. Foreign exchange rates decreased third quarter sales growth by $7 million, or 0.9% compared to the prior year. At current rates, we continue to expect an approximate $30 million lift, or about 1% to full-year 2018 sales compared to the prior year. Compared to our July guidance, FX rates benefited earnings per share by about a $0.01 this quarter, reflecting the effective currency hedging program we have in place. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $257 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $342 million, less capital expenditures of $85 million. Our year-to-date adjusted free cash flow, which excludes last quarter’s tax audit settlements and repatriation taxes, was $550 million. Turning to the balance sheet. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $1.2 billion, and we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.6 billion. Just after the end of the quarter, we retired maturing bonds, which reduced both of these amounts by about $600 million. Now turning to our 2018 guidance. For the full-year, as we discussed earlier, we are now modeling slightly lower transcatheter heart valve therapy sales and higher critical care sales. For the total company, our prior guidance ranges are unchanged as we continue to expect to achieve the higher-end of each of the current sales guidance ranges of $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion for transcatheter heart valve therapy, $810 million to $850 million for surgical heart valve therapy and $610 million to $650 million for critical care, and for total Edwards $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion. Our prior guidance ranges for adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow are also unchanged. We continue to expect our full-year adjusted EPS to be between $4.60 and $4.75. Lastly, we continue to expected adjusted free cash flow to be at the higher-end of $700 million to $775 million. For the fourth quarter of 2018 at current foreign exchange rates, we project adjusted sales to be between $950 million and $1 billion, and adjusted earnings per share to be between $1.05 and $1.20. And with that, I’ll hand it back to Mike.
Scott Ullem: Hey, David, it’s Scott. I just add. In terms of contributions to Q4, it’s not going to be zero, but it’s probably going to look something more like what we did in Q3, maybe $1 million or somewhere in that range.
Scott Ullem: All right. So we’ve been investing and increasing our capacity now for a couple of years. And remember, we were supply constrained, and so we had some catching up to do just to support THV. Now we’re ramping up to also support an expansion in TMTT. And so we’ve been making investments in our existing facilities in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. And as you know, we’re working on building a new facility in Costa Rica and just announced a plan earlier this year to put a facility in Ireland. And so I think that spending and investment is going to continue for a number of years down the road. You’ve seen it reflected in our higher capital expenditure investments. We’d probably be over $200 million this year. And the result is going to be that we will be able to satisfy the needs for really addressing these large untapped markets and years ahead.
Scott Ullem: Yes, we’re reluctant to do that at this point. And I can say that it’s a lot lower than we would have expected at the beginning of this year. As you know, we’re looking at the lower-end of a 13% to 16% rate for the full-year 2018, but I’m reluctant to get into any more than. Keep in mind, one of the big influences on our tax rate is this excess tax benefit that we received from the premium on employee stock-based, performance-based options. And so that’s a variable that we’ll be able to estimate a little bit better maybe when we get to the Investor Conference in December.
Scott Ullem: I just add. We had the benefit of this tax reform in 2018, and so we end up being able to invest even more aggressively and advance some of these programs that we’ve had on deck to really accelerate to ultimately commercialization. And so we’ve been fortunate to be able to fund these programs and to continue to invest for long-term top line organic growth.
Scott Ullem: Yes, this is – it’s really hard to estimate, because as you know, exercises tend to go up when the stock price performs well, and then the tax benefit is even greater, the higher stock price is, so you get this double benefit. The reverse also happens. And so if the stock is not as mobile on the upside, then there may not be as many exercises and the value of those exercise does not flow through to the same degree of the tax rate. So this year, we’ve – this quarter, we’ve realized an effective adjusted tax rate of about 13.5%. You mentioned before 490 basis points of that was for – from the excess tax benefit. But we’ll think more about it and try to give you our call when we get to the Investor Conference for 2019. But this is one that’s tricky. It’s one of the reason why we’ve also started talking about our operating profits and our operating margins just because the bottom line is more volatile as a result of this new accounting practice.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We remain confident in our outlook for continued strong sales growth and are passionate about helping more patients around the world. We continue to focus on driving organic growth with leading innovative technologies, while aggressively investing in our future. Our foundation of leadership, coupled with our robust product pipeline positions us well for continued longer-term success and greater shareholder value, as we pursue multibillion market opportunities. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to David.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, Larry. You’ve kind of answered your own question. We’re not in a position to provide 2019 guidance until we get to the Investor Conference. But I mean, if we just want to think big picture, our TAVR business is healthy, and we continue to expect mid-teens growth in that marketplace through 2021 and beyond for that matter. And we know AS is dramatically undertreated. And when you couple that with this comprehensive TMTT portfolio with some very nice mid to longer-term growth opportunities, we think it provides a very positive backdrop. We’re committed to win in that space and we’ve been aggressively invested. And we just have continued confidence in our innovation strategy. So we’ll get into the numbers later, Larry. but I think we have nothing specific to share at this time.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I think big picture, you know that Boston Scientific has initiated litigation and involves a number of patents in multiple countries and is likely to yield a number of court actions over an extended period of time. The recent developments have not changed our view that Boston’s patents are invalid and we’re confident in our leading intellectual property position.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Jason, it’s a good question. As I said, we continue to be confident about the long-term growth prospects for TAVR. But as you correctly surmised, I think, this data that’s going to come out related to the low-risk indication has the potential to be some kind of a catalyst. As we said before probably not a step function, but a net positive to a market that’s already growing quite nicely. As we’ve talked before, our pricing has been quite stable. And so the question comes back to share, but it’s share of a rapidly growing market and we’re pretty confident in our position. I mean, it’s absolutely true that we’re going to have new competition, but at the same time 2019 is going to the first year that we have real impacts from our Ultra valve and CENTERA.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Jason. As you correctly pointed out, we’ve got quite a bit going on in the mitral space and we’re excited about the new developments. The results of COAPT clearly demonstrated the importance of reducing mitral regurgitation. And it does reinforce our confidence in our strategy to try and address this opportunity that’s very large. We’re just- we’re enthusiastic about the transcatheter therapies to help patients that are suffering in these areas. So we feel good about it. It can’t hurt enrollment, that’s for sure. It should facilitate that, both on the PASCAL side and our other clinical trials that we have ahead.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, thanks, David. You’re right, we’re more and more optimistic about being able to scale-up Cardioband and now we expect that to change. We fell short of our goals of our current supply base and also the acquired facility. And so we’ve already begun this process to begin the transition to other facilities. As I mentioned in prepared remarks, we expect the supply constraints to progressively improve throughout 2019, and we’d expect the manufacturing transition probably to finish by the end of the year. So it’s premature for us to be able to actually estimate numbers, David, but hopefully that gives you a sense of the direction and the rationale why.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So the – this trial, what we call the trial class is one where we’re going to be studying primary mitral regurgitation. It’s going to be a two to one randomization versus MitraClip and it’s going to be by – for patients that are deemed inoperable by the local heart team. So the same way the MitraClip is labeled today. It will be a non-inferiority study around 300 patients at 50 centers primary endpoint MR grade reduction and then secondary endpoint of major adverse events.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Isaac, thanks. Yes, you’re right. We did mention in prepared remarks that global average selling price remains stable, and we would expect that condition to continue in 2018. That’s been very steady for sometime to come. I know that we had some conversations last quarter about some aggressive pricing that we saw in Europe. We probably, although there continues to be a significant difference between Edwards pricing and our competitors. That’s probably sell down a little bit. And we look from a share perspective to believe that it’s probably stabilized versus the quarter before. So I don’t know if that helps get an extra question.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it’s a good question. I think big picture, CMS is taking a look at our what’s going on in TAVR from a reimbursement perspective and consider that a success. So although the NCD needs updating and it will be updated. We don’t expect right now for it – for whatever happens to have a significant impact on the TAVR opportunity. Now, of course, depending on what they decide, it could have some influence up or down. But we’re just trying to share with you that when we do our own modeling, we’re kind of modeling no significant change.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So I appreciate the fact that you’re looking at the negative, so we look at the future and we’re pretty positive about it. The pricing pressure in Europe is something that we’ve dealt with for a long time. That’s been there and we’re excited about having new products in the future. And although we won’t have a big impact on Q4, it will have impact going forward. The U.S. approval has been somewhat inevitable that there was going to be that competition that we kind of fully accounted for that. We’re going to be excited about bringing CENTERA and Ultra to the U.S. as well. In terms of the upside on TMTT and some of those, we’re not prepared yet to talk about when we’re going to launch PASCAL in terms of what time of the year, but it’s going to be positive. But you also have to remember that THV, the aortic business is a much larger business and has more influence on our near-term – probably our 2019 sales.
Michael Mussallem: So, we – the big picture for us, we continue to get a positive feedback and our belief is that annular reduction that’s provided by Cardioband could be a really important for first-line therapy. Again, it’s going to require some advancements on our part, but we continue to feel strongly about that. In terms of the future implications of the active trial, post-COAPT, we are assessing the implications of clinical trial design based on what was learned in that. And we hope that we’re going to have more to share with you about that when we get to our Investor Conference in December.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I don’t know that I’m able to do that. I mean, this is a pretty vast kind of – a lot of countries, a lot of moving parts here. I think it’s just generally true. Even when we think back to what happened in Q2, it’s not like it’s widespread. It doesn’t take a lot of procedures to change the actual results in transcatheter heart valves.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, it’s a good question. So we learned with experience that Ultra system is different from SAPIEN 3. And we wanted to ensure that we had – that we ensured our own high-performance through training. Remember, we took steps out of the procedure with Ultra amounting to valve on the balloon rather than alignment in the aorta, the Excel sheet is an improvement, but it also benefits from additional training. So we just wanted to make sure that we maintain this very high level of performance as we roll this out knowing that it’s a different valve and that became apparent to us through our own experience.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I mean, obviously, it’s on our radar screen. We don’t have anything specific to report at this point. I will probably have more to say about that when we get to the Investor Conference, Bob. But you’re right, that’s an important patient population as well. But we didn’t want to hold up on getting – moving forward with our existing trial.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I don’t know it’s the new norm. We certainly feel responsible. We are going to customers and offering systems that we think are improvements over systems that already have some very high performance. So you know the way that SAPIEN 3 is performed in big data sets. And so we feel the obligation to make sure that the next generations of systems whether it’s CENTERA or Ultra, continue to perform at least at that level or better. And so we just want to make sure that we invest the time to do that. For the most part, I expect this training to be done by our clinical specialists. It’s not like we’re going to start reproctoring patients again, but we do feel like we want people to slowdown and recognize, hey, there’s a number of advancements in these systems, let’s really focus on them, understand them well, so that you get great performance right from first patient.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks. I think, you’ve got the right idea. I do think you should more think of ramp rather than step function in 2019. And you’re right, whether it’s the way we roll out new products or the way the products – or the way that physicians and the rest of the marketplace absorb the low risk data. We think this is going to happen in a gradual fashion rather than sort of a jump. So yes, I think it’s reasonable to think about that. Remember, the low risk approval itself doesn’t come until late in 2019.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We’ve resisted giving specifics on 2019. We’re right on track on that trial, so we’re continuing to enroll patients. And so that it’s right where we want it to be and so we expect to be launching in 2019. But at the Investor Conference, we may have more detail for you, Glenn.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I mean, our experience has been that the customers who have tried CENTERA really like it. It’s feature-rich and we frankly sense a lot of excitement. And so the early feedback has been very strong on that system. And even the early feedback in the U.S. is quite positive for those people that are in the trial.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I know you’re right about that, we have shown confidence and this being, as we said, our $1 billion and our $3 billion projections in the past and we haven’t backed off on that and here’s the COAPT trial that is very impressive and I think even surprised us. So we’re thinking about that deeply, Bruce. We don’t have anything to share at this point. I mean, we would be able to get people with you in terms of mitral models when we get to the Investor Conference. I guess, we’re starting to feel a little bit like a broken record, but we’re in the process of studying that now.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We don’t think there has been any significant penetration of this low risk group. We believe that our customers largely stay on label and it’s because it’s backed up by the NCD. And again, the NCD is very clear about what will be paid for and the stakes are quite high to go off-base from that perspective. Having said that, the whole designation of risk categorization by various patient groups, I think, it’s going to become an obsolete notion once PARTNER 3 is out there. The – there’s not going to be this question of, gee, how risky is it for patients to go through surgery? We believe that we’re going to have a trial that demonstrates that TAVR is substantially equivalent to surgery for all patients at this point, at least, the groups that have been studied and it’s going to be more about anatomy that it is about risk. So we think the conversation is going to change. I think we believe it’s going to be helpful to have that PARTNER 3 data, probably the last really big transcatheter aortic valves study done in patients with severe aortic stenosis and symptoms.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks. So we had some procedural learnings as we rolled out FORMA, and that led to system enhancements. And we resumed treating patients on a compassionate basis with the new FORMA system and we’re pleased with that. But it’s still early experience with the revised system.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. No, we’re really talking about fixing comply – supply constraints, Chris. If your question is, is there an issue with the performance or with the demand? I mean that we believe that the demand has been there. We’re – we’ve got a lot of suppliers on that system. There has been a lot of integration into the Edwards system and this has been significantly. But recall, we’re always innovating and we’re going to improve the system over time. But the supply constraints that I’m talking about are not related to some overall performance shortcoming, but just our ability to supply at the level that we’d like to at the quality level we want to.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So, when you get into these kind of things, of course, we have many, many suppliers in that system. They wouldn’t be typical Edward suppliers and they’re also in a very small facility in Israel that’s not very typical to what Edwards would employ. We just feel like we need to make migration of both – some of the suppliers in the manufacturing facility itself. So that we feel confident, both in boosting the near-term and fortifying the supply and also being able to scale us for our long-term expectations.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I mean, we’re really pleased with what’s going on in Critical Care. And you’re right, HemoSphere has been very popular with customers and these early adopters have really boosted our sales growth rate. Now we did get a little bit help this year for some group purchasing organization contract. The HemoSphere has been the one that’s really driven this. It’s part of what we’re benefiting from is a capital replacement cycle as it replaces our existing monitors. Overall, we’re not deep into that replacement cycle at this point. It’s hard for us to predict what this is going to look like. And so, yes, it’s tough to say exactly what it’s going to mean for the future growth rates. I wouldn’t automatically anticipate that we’re going to maintain a growth rate like we just enjoyed in the third quarter.
Michael Mussallem: Sure. As it turns out, gross margin came in right about where we expected, and I think that was a little bit above where someone on the Street, but it was right where we thought it was going to be. It was up over 100 basis points versus the 74.4% in the third quarter 2017 and reflected benefit from improved mix, which we’ve been seeing consistently with the growth of THV, and it also reflected the benefits of not having the recurring expenses that we experienced from Hurricane Maria last year. That is offset a little bit by manufacturing capacity investments that we talked about earlier.
Michael Mussallem: So for FX, we continue to expect that for the full-year, we’ll see about a 1% benefit to sales, or $30 million. At the gross profit line, we’re largely insulated, by the time we get down EPS, it’s about $0.01 benefit in the third quarter. But the gross profit line, it’s tough to predict what the impact is going to be from these hedge outcomes that we realized during the course of the year.
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Last time we talked about it. We said that we are examining the root cause of some of the complications we saw earlier. We haven’t completed that analysis. So we will report to you as soon as we have that completed. We’re hopeful that that’s not going to go on too much longer.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I mean, we’re really pleased. I think, SAPIEN 3 has clearly demonstrated that it is best-in-class performance, and there’s an awful lot of data that supports that. Our efforts in Ultra was to able to do that and do it even better and be able to have some advantages for physicians and patients that go along with that. So we’re very proud of the SAPIEN 3 platform and feel good about where it stands.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Kristen. Maybe I’ll make a few comments and then let Scott jump in and add additional color. So, big picture, we’re aggressive investors in R&D and we see rich opportunities. We’ve been aggressive, not only in our current portfolio, but also in the new portfolio associated with transcatheter mitral and tricuspid. I think, our R&D as a percent of sales always looks seasonably high in the third quarter. Remember, we – this is our – for at least our company, this is our lowest seasonal quarter. So ratios tend to be a bit deceiving. But nonetheless, we’re going to stay aggressive investors in the space.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to David.
Glenn Novarro: Hi, good afternoon. Hey, Mike, I know you don’t want to give guidance for 2019. But as I think about what I’m hearing on this call a slower rollout of SAPIEN Ultra in 2019 and hopefully some positive benefits later in the year from PARTNER 3. So should one assume, as we build our models for 2019, kind of a slower first-half and a stronger second-half? And I know the comps are going to be a little bit easier as well. So maybe some color on kind of how we should think about 20109 and U.S. TAVR ramp? Thanks.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And then just as my follow-up, just to clarify PASCAL in Europe. Can you just remind us where you are in enrolling that trial? And can you give us some specifics as to when in 2019 you think you’ll be launching in Europe? Thanks.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Can I sneak in one more for Scott. Scott, can you give us just ballpark for next year where the tax rate is? We’re modeling an uptick, but is it 200, 300 bps, anything in the ballpark for the tax rate next year would be helpful? Thanks.
