Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Mike. I feel extremely fortunate to be leading this special company that has pioneered breakthrough technologies and transformed care for patients around the world. During the well planned five month transition, Mike has been extremely generous in sharing learnings and experience, having successfully transformed Edwards over the last 20 plus years. I am also grateful for the support of the Board and the partnership of the executive leadership team. In recent months, I have had the pleasure of meeting and listening to our patients, our trusted pioneers and our employees around the world. I've come away from the discussion even more confident in Edwards' bright future. For our patients, we will continue to advance breakthrough innovation that will positively impact their lives. While Edwards has grown and evolved, we never lost sight of why we are here. We will stay focused on our long-term strategic goals and foster a patient-first culture and drive everything we do. We know healthcare innovation requires trusted partnership with physicians, regulators, peers, providers and innovators, and we will continue to build upon and further strengthen our deep partnerships to take on ambitious goals and address large unmet needs. Transforming care like we do at Edwards is complex. So we remain committed to fostering a culture where our employees really enjoy their impactful work. Our unique, organic innovation strategy requires an expert, motivated and dedicated global team. I want Edwards to continue to be a place that inspires our employees to grow and succeed and attract bright talent. As you heard from Mike and Scott, we believe that 2023 will be an important year for Edwards as we expect a return to higher sales growth and meaningful progress on our innovations to improve care for many more patients. Looking beyond 2023, I remain confident that our long-term strategy and pipeline of innovative therapy will create significant value for patients and healthcare systems enabling strong organic sales growth. Finally, I am confident that as we deliver on our innovation strategy, we will create exceptional shareholder value. With that, I will pass it back to Mark to open up for Q&A.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, so Japan has been and still largely impacted by COVID headwinds. When we believe it is going to diminish over the course of 2023. We are also bringing our latest technology in Japan, S3 Ultra RESILIA and we are starting to see some positive reaction from our customers here. So together with the recovery from COVID and us bringing our latest technologies, we are very hopeful for the year.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes I know it's a fair question, indeed, we are pleased about the Q1. We have seen some positive signs that the market is recovering. I'm sure you remember the mitral market during COVID was not growing as expected and in Q1 we saw that the market was growing again. But again we are, if you think about the U.S., we are not the share leader, correct. So, we look at the market, we see a good sign that it is recovering and we are very pleased about the introduction of our technologies, our customers of reacting very well to PASCAL Precision, the seal of a differentiated benefit. So, we feel good about the impacts we can have here to this many patient in need. Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, why don't I get started. First of all, thanks so much Larry, that's very meaningful to me. And you're right, we've a long journey together and I really appreciate the support from the investment community. So why don't I turn it over to Bernard and Daveen to sort of answer your questions.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, the other thing I can add, Joanne is that. China is still relatively small on the TAVR front for us. Remember we launched during the COVID years, but Japan is also going to benefit from the launch of the Ultra RESILIA product this year. And so, we think that's going to be a lift for Japan as the year goes on. And that's just launched here this last, this month.
Michael Mussallem: Well again, just to try to expand, we typically see pretty fairly extreme seasonality in January where it's our worst month of the quarter. We just didn't see as much extremism, but January was by no means our strongest month. We continue to see a ramp in a quarter, it's just February and March were pretty much in-line with our expectations, but January was stronger, but it wasn't like it was our strongest month, so I hope that gives more context. And I think what we're seeing is the gradual improvement in staffing and I think what we've tried to build into our guidance is we took up the bottom of our range, because we felt we had a strong Q1, but it's kind of in our expectations now to be in that 10% to 12% range globally.
Michael Mussallem: I mean, competitive launches have been going on for a long time, if we look at Europe, there's a whole complement of products out there. And outside of number one and number two, all of the competitors command about probably around 15% of the market and that's been fairly stable. So I think it's for us it's more about us continuing to innovate and rolling out our leading platforms than it is about anything else.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks so much for your nice comments, Danielle, it has been a pleasure for me. Why don't I turn this over to Scott to go through your question.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, maybe I'll start, and I'll take your second question first, because it might take a couple of to answer your first question. I think we saw the growth being driven more by larger centers than smaller centers during this quarter and I think this is sort of a trend that we've seen throughout COVID. I think when COVID has spiked, we've seen people stay closer to home, we've seen probably more growth in the smaller centers. And as COVID wanes, we see people traveling, maybe a little bit further and going to larger centers. And so, I think this is consistent with trends we've seen over the last year and a half or so. In terms of, when we talk about staffing, it depends when you're talking about our surgical business our TAVR business. When you're talking about the surgical business, it's primarily OR staff and ICU nurses in sort of the post-care initiative. When you're talking about TAVR, there's a lot more that goes into it, because there's a lot more upfront workout. So it requires staffing improvements for CT and for angio and sort of the broader cath lab and we don't need it so much on the after-care side. So - I think we've seen, just generally, and I think hospitals have been working at this for probably better than a year now, trying to get people trained and get people in. I remember, you don't just hire a person and then they're effective from day-one. They have to go through a training process with that hospital, but I would say, generally speaking, you can look at the quarter and say, we saw staffing get better and - that's reflected in our and I think our broad performance. Well, we certainly saw it in TAVR, and we certainly saw with surgical. But it needs to continue to improve over the rest of the year. It's not like we're done yet. And I think hospitals continue to work hard at this maybe I'll ask Daveen to comment on the TMTT side what he saw.
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Well, we haven't changed really our pricing philosophy. We do try to be good partners with our hospitals, and we did take a list price increase, but that's the first price increase we've rolled out really since launch. This is the first time that we've gone through a price increase. And so, the other thing that we've always done is, we've always rebated based on volume. So large volume centers, obviously you get discounted out. But we tried to treat everybody fairly across the country by having a standardized price, that's the way that we try to do that. And we try to recognize different centers performance based on their volume and that's been our philosophy throughout. I don't see us changing that philosophy. I think that's worked really well for us and we do try to work with hospitals and bring a lot of value. We still have people supporting virtually every case in the U.S. and the majority of cases in Europe and virtually all the cases in Japan and that's just sort of the model that we have in. And the other thing we try to do is partner with hospitals and run our things like our benchmark program to help them be more efficient, but if you look at all the data that's been produced for our clinical trials, this is an incredibly cost-effective procedure with almost unprecedented benefits when you look at it, mortality and you look at some of the other things that it's done. So we feel the prices that we have are more than fair for the value creation that we have.
Michael Mussallem: Cecilia, this is Mike here, can you just zero-in a little bit on the first part of that question again, I want to make sure that I understand it.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, so we had two other competitors in Japan, both rolled-out new products. And so, it's not uncommon when new products rollout that we see physicians trying those products and understanding how they work and what the features and benefits are and I think we've seen this throughout our history, and usually that ends up being largely transient. And we're excited because we're just getting to our biggest launch that we've done in Japan since our initial launch, which is S3 UR. And so, we're excited about that. I think broader on what's in the guidance for Japan is we're expecting a broader COVID recovery, COVID was still pretty big in Q1 and we're looking for a broader COVID recovery and continued uptake, it got better during the quarter, but we're looking-forward to continue to improve throughout the year and that's what's in our guidance.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, this is Mike, I'll make some closing comments. First of all, thank you so much for many of your warm remarks. It's been a special honor and a privilege to lead our team at Edwards Lifesciences for more than 20 years. And I really want to thank our employees who have made immense contributions to advancing care and helping millions of patients around the world. I'm particularly proud of our patients-first culture and our commitment to innovation and excellence. Our success is really a testament to the talented and passionate executive leadership team and our employees worldwide. And I believe we are well-positioned for an even brighter future. It's truly been my greatest honor to be Edwards CEO, and I look forward to supporting Edwards as I transition to my new role with the Board of Directors. So thanks a lot for your continued interest in Edwards and the team will welcome any additional questions after the call.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, I would also say, obviously, Europe's obviously been the majority of our revenue, but in the U.S. and in Europe we're in launch mode with PASCAL Precision. We've gotten really positive feedback so far from physicians, they love the technology. They see excellent safety and efficacy and we're continuing to grow, we're continuing to open new center, training physicians for the first time and giving exposure to this new great technology.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, sure. Thanks Larry, it's Daveen again. I'll jump-in a little bit in our thoughts on TRILUMINATE. Honestly, on TRILUMINATE, we're very pleased to see a high-quality randomized controlled data for the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation for the first time. We're excited to see that this trial show that tricuspid tier is not only see but offers significant TR reduction and also offers really meaningful quality-of-life for patients. And I think what we see is that the TRILUMINATE data actually kind of helps confirm outcomes that we've seen in previous PASCAL studies in the tricuspid space like our CLASP TR EFS TriCLASP study, et cetera, that we really see the significant TR reduction great safety and good quality of life. For us, obviously, the CLASP II TR study is ongoing, and maybe I'll give you some more potential on tricuspid tier therapy. But we also believe that you need a toolbox of technologies for tricuspid disease and that not only does tier offer a great solution, but we also think that tricuspid replacement also offers great solutions. Obviously, as the data comes out in the future will help figure out and impact a lot of the questions that you just asked right there, but I think we'll all figure this out together on this journey.
Daveen Chopra: Yes I mean. I think it's a similar kind of comment that you made there, probably not the differences where there's a lot of people, a lot of different steps that go into a TMTT case. And again, as Bernard said, we're still a minority player here. But we continue to be optimistic that all those different parts of the fall patient pathway are continuing to get a little bit better in staffing.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, this is Daveen. I mean, obviously, I think we are always going to look to partner with hospitals, we are going to look to try to help them across the board. We're obviously in our early days, we tried to provide excellent training, top-notch training to get these patients as efficiently and effectively treated getting through the recovery process, et cetera. And I think our teams since a little bit more in the infancy, we don't have the same kind of detailed programs that kind of Larry has, like Benchmark et cetera in the TAVR program, but we're working really hard to try to on the tier side as well start creating those as we start getting more scale and being a great partner. I mean, it's a part of it, we all together Just want to help more patients together in a cost-effective manner. And that's kind of how we think about it over the long-term.
Larry Wood: Yes, thanks Robbie. If I look at the quarter, we typically see a lot of seasonality in January as we come out of the holiday, just kind of refilling up the pipeline we're screening, and we saw a much stronger January than we historically have seen. I mean, we just saw less seasonality. I'd say, February and March, played out pretty much in-line with our expectations. We've anticipated that staffing was going to gradually improve, and I think we see that and I think that's evidenced in the Q1 results, but we expect it to also continue improve throughout the rest of the year. So in terms of trying to judge your backlog, I'm not really, it's hard for us to do that, but we do think there were certainly some catch-up in January.
Larry Wood: Yes. I don't know if I have a lot more to add from the last question, you know, you'll note we took up the bottom of our range and I think so we tried to reflect all of this in our guidance, but we're just encouraged overall by the staffing trends and where we're going and I think to see TAVR back in double-digit growth after a couple of tough quarters just really I think highlights that the system is getting capacity back and I think that that's a real plus for patients.
Larry Wood: Yes, well I mean, I think first of all, we're very excited by the surgical growth that we saw in Q1. I think we probably reached probably at an all-time high, that we haven't seen in a long-time. I think that's really a reflection of the innovation and the investments we've made over the last several years, so I think part of this has been the adoption of our premium products and the premium we get and that certainly helps our competitive position and at the same time we did see procedure growth on that happened that I think we results from the capacity, similar to what we saw in TAVR. We saw that capacity improvements on the surgical side of our business as well, but we do get some of the price from our premium products in addition to the growth in the market and then probably a little bit of competitive position as well. So there's probably more drivers on the surgical side than there are on the TAVR side.
Larry Wood: I mean, volume was certainly a key contributor to it and there's no question about that. So that's a big thing, but again yes there are three things that are contributing to the growth on the surgical business, whereas TAVR it's pretty much primarily units.
Larry Wood: Yes, the only thing I'd add to it is Japan has been a pretty strong grower for us over the last couple of years and then really slowed down when COVID hit in the second half of last year. So, we're looking-forward here, especially with the launch of -- with the COVID waning and the launch of SAPIEN Ultra RESILIA that it's really going to make a difference starting in Q2 and moving forward.
Larry Wood: Yes, no, it's a good question. I don't know that I can quantify it for you today, but we do TAVR and TAVR, but we also do TAVR and SAVR for patients that have gotten tissue valves, but I think one of the things that TAVR enabled with its development was the opportunity for more patients to get tissue valves. So even on the Surgical side of our business, younger patients can get tissue valves now because physicians and patients now payout let their valves that there is a catheter-based option for them down the road. So certainly, in time TAVR and SAVR will continue to grow and TAVR and TAVR will become a bigger part. TAVR valves now are just probably starting to get to the customer reaching that age that that will start to be more meaningful, but it will be something that grows in time, certainly as we look at the period that you discussed, which is through 2028.
Scott Ullem: Yes, so we did end up with higher spending in the first quarter than we had originally budgeted. Our plans for spending for the rest of the year really unchanged. And for the full year, our guidance for SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales are unchanged. In the first quarter, we came in a little bit higher for several reasons. We had some performance-based compensation. It's highly sensitive to sales by design. And so, we'd like to reward people when the topline is performing well. We also had some little things, some onetime one-off expenses for projects we're working on. We had a little bit higher tax rate as a result of income mix that came in U.S. and OUS. So those were some of the special things that you saw flow through in Q1.
Scott Ullem: Yes so Travis, it's Scott. I'll just add to that, our guidance at the midpoint for Q1 was around 9% growth. That was the $1.41 billion. We beat that by $50 million, almost half of that was Surgical, and so we probably were rounded to low double-digits, something like that, if we were to normalize January, but we're getting pretty precise at this point trying to isolate every single month of the quarter.
Scott Ullem: Yes, so I mean the short answer is, we did increase the bottom of our range. So we're expecting 10% to 12%, not 9% to 12%, it's not a huge move, but it does indicate that we had a nice January and we're still positive on the rest of the year. At this point, it's premature to start tinkering any more than that with guidance. We think this is the right modeling assumption for us in that 10% to 12% range for TAVR.
