Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Our strong 2018 performance reinforces our confidence in our focused innovation strategy and our longer term outlook, and we anticipate an exciting 2019 as we pursue important therapies that will benefit many more patients. We look forward to launching a number of new technologies, as well as achieving meaningful milestones across our product lines. We are confident that our differentiated strategy and focus on leadership will continue to create value and benefit the patients we serve. With that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Mike Mussallem: No, we are not expecting any data from PASCAL at ACC. We would expect to see PASCAL data later in the year at PCR. There is a German meeting called DGK, which might also share some PASCAL data, so that might be the first time that you see some of that CE Mark data.
Mike Mussallem: And I'll just add Bob, particularly on the TAVR numbers. Rather than us trying to score a touchdown in the first quarter, we're executing a playbook where we very carefully try and rollout these technologies, because the SAPIEN 3 safety has such a strong track record clinically that we really feel like we want to have an outstanding launch of the Ultra valve and CENTERA. They are different. They behave different in the hands of clinicians. And we're being very thoughtful about that.
Mike Mussallem: I mean ultimately we expect the ultra valve to replace SAPIEN 3. We haven’t put ourselves on a strict timetable. What we were putting a premium on is to have outstanding results. But we would like to move that right along. I expect the bulk of the volume to certainly moving Europe by the end of the year, but we don’t have a firm number there. Isaac, this is really more or less driven by our ability to execute at an extremely high level. In terms of ASP, we would expect -- if you go really big picture that we would see some modest ASP declines that’s associated with volume discounts. But other than that, we are very disciplined pricers, so we don’t expect this to be much different.
Mike Mussallem: First of all on your first question, no our assumptions really have not changed since our investor conference. We continue to get positive reinforcement from our clinicians on what they have seen of Ultra and CENTERA. Although, we would admit that this is still early feedback and so we are proceeding there. So nothing that's really changed that. And then your second question was about what we expect for launch. We expect the European launch by mid-2019, and really haven't changed anything in that regard.
Mike Mussallem: So we are very pleased that Dr. Todd Britten is running our organization as a Chief Scientific Officer. He has got a tremendous background as both an engineer and a physician. And we think he is going to bring a lot to our company. The short answer is no, absolutely nothing is changing in terms of our hyper focus of our strategy. We are going to remain totally focused on structural heart disease and critical care technologies. Todd brings with him a lot of expertise and we expect him to just help us even be more successful in the future than we have been in the past.
Mike Mussallem: I can give you an estimate of what's going on. So, we still think that the overall global market is growing in the mid-teens. And we think the U.S. and OUS actually are at very similar levels of growth there. Is it possible that the market grew a little bit less in the fourth quarter? It could have. It gets very difficult, especially the last two weeks of December to be very accurate in terms of estimating this just one implant for account for that dramatic impact on results. And so very difficult, I wouldn't take that as a big signal. In terms of the competitive positioning, we think that's been quite stable overall on a sequential basis, both inside and outside the U.S.
Mike Mussallem: There is nothing there that's obvious, Jason. And just big picture, it does not change our strategy. It just reinforces our confidence as we have been before. We're very committed to developing this portfolio of these innovative therapies for people that need mitral and tricuspid treatment. We were big believers before that happened and we'll continue to be believers now. I think that's an inevitable that more patients are going to be treated as we have really safe and effective therapies.
Mike Mussallem: So TAVR is dramatically undertreated in so many places around the world. And we're continuing to have a lot of impact in places that go beyond Europe, the U.S. and Japan. I mean, obviously, a clear important target would be China. And although, we're not near the end zone on that that one that is one that we are actively pursuing. It's been a complex process there and we don't expect to have anything really accomplished of substance in 2019, but it's a priority for us and we think another potential growth engine in the future.
Mike Mussallem: Well, that's a difficult one for me. Of course, we expect there to be PASCAL data, particularly the CE Mark data that will become available later on this year. But I would expect at medical meetings, you know that clinicians are engaged in this, they're very anxious to be able to share what they have. And so they're going to be sharing even EFS data when they get a chance and that's collected. Maybe the most meaningful data that will be available later this year will be some of the pivotal data from CLASP IID, these are the degenerative patients. There will be study with PASCAL. So that would be one that you might look for later in the year that would have some substance.
Mike Mussallem: A little different in Europe than it is in some other markets rather than the regulatory process being an important catalyst, the reimbursement process is quite important. And as I tried to indicate in our prepared remarks, what we are seeing are those countries that have been slower adopters traditionally and have a lower penetration rate in terms of TAVRs per million, population for example, are growing faster. We are watching that happen across the board. Whereas those that were early adopters aren’t growing quite as fast. So maybe that helps give you a sense for some of the color that’s going on. The thing that we feel really good about is overall here is the market that’s still growing in the mid-teens after all these years. I mean TAVR was introduced in 2007. Not many technologies are still growing at that rate and tells you about how much this therapy has continued to improve and how much opportunity there is for continued adoption. Many of these countries are just playing low in terms of their adoption rates today. Although, it's painful to watch how slow medicine changes sometime, I guess the upside to that is there is still a lot of opportunity ahead.
Mike Mussallem: No Matt, you are right, that’s very much the case. There are people that just have such economic constraints that they feel like it has to drive their clinical condition. We strive very much to make sure that we try and maintain price discipline, so that our good customers aren’t disadvantaged versus those that just don’t have the ability to pay. And it’s a consequence of where we are. But overall, I'm very pleased with our leadership position in this therapy. And we are hopeful that as things improve in these countries economically and as the cost of TAVR continues to come down that it's more and more accessible.
Mike Mussallem: Well, in the U.S., we tried to be clear here. Nothing has really changed in terms of our assumptions. There's only been two competitors and we expect to have a third midyear. And we expect that to have a modest impact on our share. And even though we're very excited about rolling out Ultra, we think that's inevitable. At the same time, there is more and more evidence that's going to be presented. So we think that the TAVR market is going to continue to grow, so there is every opportunity for us to grow nicely as well.
Mike Mussallem: It's a priority for us to improve Cardioband. But no, our plans are really unchanged, our expectations are unchanged. We think it's going to be a gradual improvement in the supply situation during the course of the year. We have some pretty good confidence by the end of the year that we're going to have this transferred and have this in pretty good shape, but it's going to take us some time. So I think you should anticipate a ramp.
Mike Mussallem: I'm not positive exactly where you're going with that question, Rick. Bigger picture, for sure, these patients need innovation. They have some pretty terrible outcomes right now and they really don't have rate solutions with a catheter-based approach. If we could deliver things to them that are really safe and effective that’s great. And actually at competitive environment with a number of options, probably not a bad thing from a patient perspective. We're disappointed that Abbott chose to initiate patent litigation and we are obviously thinking deeply about that. But we think the best solution is not really to be in a fight even though we are going to aggressively defend ourselves. We think our competitive environment is the best situation for everybody.
Mike Mussallem: I don’t know that I have great details to add to that Raj. I would I say in general, we see it broadly rather than in a focused way. We see a pretty consistent premium. We feel like we pretty consistently have a substantial premium versus our competitors. Of course, people go to the large-volume centers and would do some of most aggressive bidding. But generally, I would say it's broad. And we just have chosen with SAPIEN 3 not to go down that road. We have a lot of confidence in our product. We think it's highly differentiated in terms of its performance, and we've been disciplined in our pricing.
Mike Mussallem: Well, again, what we tried to indicate here is sequentially, probably the second half of the year has been at least by our customer estimates that it's been pretty flat. If you go from a full year perspective, it's probably 1 to 2 point something in that range.
Mike Mussallem: No, I mean the matter of fact the opposite. We think it's been pretty stable here for the last couple of quarters.
Mike Mussallem: It's actually not as complicated as you might think. SAPIEN was a great product. When SAPIEN XT came along, it was significantly better. It was a giant step we went fast. When SAPIEN 3 came along, it was a giant improvement it went very quickly. SAPIEN 3 has such stellar performance. And the SAPIEN Ultra valve, for example, is just different. It's got a different sheet. It's got different ways that the valve is delivered. And we just want to be very careful about that. When the performance is good as SAPIEN 3 is, we can't tolerate one mistake out of a 100 cases. We really need this to be virtually flawless. And that's what's driving our caution and our care to make sure that we get this just right.
Mike Mussallem: At this point, the bulk of our business is aortic still in the surgical heart valve business. And so there is more than half of it that's exposed, if you will. Now, as we've been introducing our new premium products, those are probably consuming maybe not quite a quarter, but a significant portion of the volume as well. And so we expect the growth of those, particularly INSPIRIS, which is enjoying a lot of success, to be able to success to offset with some of what we think is going to be natural cannibalization that comes from TAVR.
Mike Mussallem: Well, I mean we think about that when we provide our guidance. And so we thought about that in advance. So we give the guidance of 1% to 3%. You noticed it's lower than the growth rate this year. Part of that is anticipating continued progress and particular progress on the low-risk patients that's going to begin probably during 2019. So no really it's anticipated in our guidance and we really haven't seen anything that changes our view at this early date.
Mike Mussallem: As you know, we're very excited about early TAVR but it's going to take us a while till we see that. It's continuing to enroll nicely. I'd like to think the TAVR continues to stay popular with the spotlights provided by additional evidence we'll maybe stimulate that enrollment some. But it's early to tell. But we're making steady progress. And we're really looking forward to getting results with that trial, because we believe that's an underserved population.
Mike Mussallem: It's a significant issue. We just think it's complicated for the healthcare system to both diagnose the aortic stenosis itself and symptoms, and to attribute the symptoms to aortic stenosis rather than attributing it to some valves. And that complexity leads the confusion and ultimately leads to patients not being treated. And we think it is a real problem. And we're spending a lot of time thinking about what we can do to improve it. One of the single most important thing we can do is to demonstrate it through the early TAVR trial that there is the big issue. But this is not uncommon. We find in a lot of our own personal experience is to define these situations where people with symptoms just the symptoms are not recognized.
Mike Mussallem: Those build outs are going really well. We just don’t comment on where we manufacture products. But thanks for that question. And so with that, thanks for all the continued interest in Edwards. And Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you David.
Scott Ullem: So let me just take through the full year underlying growth rate guidance, which for total Edwards is 9% to 12%; TAVR 11% to 15%; for TMTT, we're starting from a really small base call it several million dollars in 2018. So the growth rate is not meaningful, but we're targeting around $40 million in revenues for 2019; surgical structural heart 1% to 3% underlying growth and critical care 5% to 7%. So to your question about TAVR in the first quarter, we're going to continue to grow, but a lot of the growth drivers in TAVR hit after the first quarter, such as the new products that Mike talked about and the clinical evidence that we are going to be continuing to develop during 2019. For TMTT similarly, we'll start to see new products being recorded at the sales line as we get later into 2019, and as we start seeing some of the supply constraints continue to alleviate that have been affecting Cardioband. In critical care, now we probably came out of the fourth quarter stronger than we expected. And that may accrue to our benefit in the first quarter. But overall, you should expect that first quarter sales and underlying growth year-over-year for Edwards will be lower than the rest of the year. In fact, it might be lower than the bottom end of that 9% to 12% range. This is something we highlighted at the Investor Conference last month. We mentioned it again at the JPMorgan Conference earlier this month. But overall, we're really positive on a very successful growth here in 2019.
Scott Ullem: So we've been investing in the commercial organization, both in Europe and in the U.S. to support growth in TMTT and TAVR, in particular and we're going to continue to do that. But you shouldn't expect that it's going to be a big stair step just because we've been doing this on orderly fashion overtime. In the fourth quarter, SG&A as a percentage of sales of was 29.3%, which is little bit higher than our full year guidance, but SG&A expense is only grew about 6%. So expect that we're going to be continuing to grow at that rate that we talked about at the Investor Conference, 28% to 29%. The other thing that we're doing on the SG&A line is continuing to divest in therapy development initiatives, and making sure that we are making patients and physicians, clinicians aware of therapeutic alternatives. And so we're investing more aggressively going forward than we have in the past.
Scott Ullem: I think it probably doesn’t -- it doesn’t change our guidance specifically. It might de-risk some of the guidance and sales that we provided for TAVR. But it doesn’t fundamentally change our guidance at all, David.
Scott Ullem: And Larry on the EPS for 2019. If I were to look down at my risk band playbook, I'd say we're going to continue to invest aggressively in some of our growth initiatives that hit the R&D line and the SG&A line. And the sales growth as I mentioned before, it doesn't kick in earnest until post the first quarter. So you're right. First quarter EPS estimates at the midpoint would lag Q1 of 2018 and that's the reason.
Scott Ullem: Well, let me start with your first question on the fourth quarter and just take you through the impact of FX if you look down the P&L; sales, we mentioned before 1.6% lighter due to a strengthening dollar; gross profit margin benefitted by over 100 basis points in Q4; R&D came down a little bit; and SG&A was little bit lower again as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar. And earnings in Q4 benefitted to the tune of about $0.03. If you roll forward to fiscal 2019, we were expecting a $90 million headwind in sales last month at the investor conference. At current rates, that looks more like $60 million of the headwind. And you're right in terms of gross profit benefit from FX it's probably closer to couple of hundred basis points in the full year 2019. And that should help our EPS a little bit as well when you go down to the bottom line. Although again it's at current rates and those move around at a one factor EPS forecast as we get into the year.
Scott Ullem: So R&D will come down a little bit and SG&A will come down a little bit. Again, as a result of FX, most of those expenses in R&D hit us in the U.S. There is relatively little in R&D that we realized from outside of the United States.
Scott Ullem: I mean, we have been -- as you mentioned, Jason, we've been investing aggressively in R&D and SG&A to help support organic top line growth, which is our number one financial priority. We still have been able to drive bottom line growth. And in 2018, most of that bottom line growth was supported from tax legislation, because our expenses have been growing even higher than the top end -- than the top line for a while. Overtime though, longer term, we are expecting that R&D as a percentage of sales should come down. We are expecting the top line to grow faster than expenses. Now it's not a direct line down, because the clinical trial expenses are lumpy. And as trials ramping up we get more R&D that hits the income statement, as it rolls off then we get a little bit of benefit to the income statement. But overtime you should see R&D as a percentage of sales to come down from that 17% to 18% level that we are expecting this year. SG&A as a percentage of sales 28% to 29%, we are running at a level that we think is sustainable. And while we would like to get some better utilization and efficiencies on our backend and administrative expenses, we think we are investing the right level in the field that we are going to continue to invest with physician facing resources as business continues to grow. Net all of that out, we are expecting that we should get some lift in operating margin and some lift in EPS. It will grow faster than the top line. In 2019, or 2018 rather, we got a little bit of pickup in operating margin. We finished 2017 at about 30% operating margin as a percentage of sales, which is about 30.3% in 2018, so a little bit left as we have guided. And our desire is to continue to do that. If we wanted to really turbo-charge earnings, we could do it easily if we cut into R&D and SG&A. But our plan again and our priority is to continue to invest to grow top line over the long-term.
Scott Ullem: And I'd just add to that. Our plan is and our expectation is that PASCAL will probably be a larger contributor to that $40 million than Cardioband in 2019. I'll also mention since you raised it. We're spending a lot of money in facilities and in our operations and getting or local supply chain positioned to support growth from all of our business units. And so our guidance for 2018 was that we'd have CapEx maybe $250 million, we'll probably come in a little bit less than that, but going in 2019 to about $350 million. So you've seen our announcements about continuing to build out our facility in Costa Rica, our new brownfield facility in Ireland. We're planning to break around our greenfield facility in Ireland, as well as we continue to add capacity in the U.S. and other locations around the world. And so these are all investments that support, not just the transfer of Cardioband supply chain capacity but other products that we're bringing to market as well.
