Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. So, based on our strong first half result, we have increased confidence that 2023 will be an important year for Edwards and we expect to deliver 10% to 15% sales growth while making meaningful progress on our innovations to improve care for many more patients. Longer-term, I have great confidence in our team to further extend our leadership position by bringing our differentiated technologies to patients globally. In closing, we are well positioned for success. With that, I'll pass it back to Mark to open up Q&A.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. Robbie, this is Bernard here. Thank you for the question. We are pleased with our global TAVR result in Q2. 10% constant currency growth, comparable U.S., OUS, basically, and it has been driven by continued strong demand for our leading SAPIEN platform. Also, what we have experienced is that improvement in the hospital staffing level in the U.S. and globally, but I'm going to let Larry add some comments here.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So, Vijay, let me start and then I will ask Larry to add his comment here. So, both, our SAVR and TAVR business are growing nicely. And you have SAVR growth has exceeded TAVR because of a combination of things. Market growth, SAVR market growth, but not only, premium pricing of our innovative, price premium technologies, and because of all of that, we saw a better competitive position. So, again in SAVR, what you have is a number of things happening. Wherein TAVR, it is mainly due to positive growth. Maybe Larry you want to add anything here.
Bernard Zovighian: No, exactly. You got it. We had a great Q2 after a great Q1, very balanced across all product lines. And we didn't change the guidance even though we changed the guidance in the last quarter, but it is more about a tough year-over-year comparison in the second part of the year. Thanks for the question.
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Matt. This is a very good question. So think about our vision in TMTT. Our vision is there are so many patients in need, mitral and tricuspid. And we believe that to be able to unlock this very large market opportunity, we need a comprehensive portfolio. And we are building this comprehensive portfolio. So what you can expect is us investing in innovation, next-gen innovation. So PASCAL Gen 2, Gen 3, Gen 4, the same with EVOQUE, the same with mitral replacement. So this is on the technology side. Then we know from our experience in TAVR, it is - you need a technology with evidence. In TAVR, we - I don't know how many randomized clinical study we did 3, 4, 5 or even more potentially in the space, probably close to 10 between us and our competition. So here, we will have to think about the same way. So we are - in my mind, we are not done at all in TMTT clinical evidence, and we are not done in term of further innovating to be able to treat all of the patients, mitral and tricuspid patients. We like definitely our technology, we like so far, our clinical evidence that we are providing and more to come.
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Diego. So let me close this meeting by saying I am excited about our performance so far in 2023 and confident in our outlook for the rest of the year. In addition, beyond the numbers, I am pleased with our progress on pipeline development, clinical trial and confidence in our long-term strategy to help even more patients. Thank you for your continued interest in Edwards, Mark, Oliver, Scott and I welcome any additional questions by phone.
Larry Wood: Hi, Robbie. Yes, it's what - deciding what the new normal is probably a little bit tricky, but I feel like the system has continued to get better. I think when we track staffing, we're not where we should be and we're not where we would have projected to be in absence of the pandemic. But I think patients are certainly coming in and they're getting their visits, and I think when we look at some of the leading indicators, we - diagnosis are up and patients are moving through the system. We still feel constrained somewhat at the Cath Lab level. That's still a place that we still struggle. And I think centers have made tremendous strides, but it's still an adjustment coming out of COVID and we're not back to what I call pre-COVID normal levels. And so, I think we still have a little ways to go. But to consider the - and I think we see that a little bit globally. It varies a lot across Europe and we see it a little bit in Japan, depending on - I think there are still dealing with a little bit more COVID here and there. But I think the encouraging thing is, we're at 10% globally and we know we haven't fully recovered yet. So, I think there's still some opportunity for us to continue to do better and we know the under-treatment remains huge and we still think there's a lot of opportunities to continue to grow this over the long-term.
Larry Wood: Yes. I think that's right. We sort of have the three components that help contribute. So you can look at the growth rates and turn it all into procedures because for the TAVR side it is overwhelmingly majority procedures, but it's more of a combination of things, on surgery. I will say, as we move through the COVID recovery though we probably saw hospitals prioritize their surgical programs probably most and I think that deal is a little bit with patient acuity and just the need to get those patients treated, probably a little bit sooner. So I think cath lab recovery has maybe lagged a little bit beyond the surgical recovery. But again, we're very happy with where we saw TAVR procedure growth. this last quarter.
Larry Wood: Larry, I can't speak to the - to the data or what's going to be presented. I think what people are going to be looking at is, what the trial was powered for, and what it was designed to do. And we have a composite endpoint of death, or stroke, and rehospitalization and those are the three components. So, I think first and foremost, you look at the primary and then I think people are going to look at the sub-components of that and say what do they see happening in the trends in the trial. And I think, that's what people are going to be looking for. But we're excited that the data is coming forward, and the team is going to continue pulling it in and once it's all adjudicated, the clinicians will obviously take the steering wheel and they'll present the data. But, I think overall every time we have one of these data reports, it just adds to our body of knowledge and adds to the body of evidence and I think that's what we do for the clinical community. So, again, that's - I think primarily we focus on the primary endpoint, just like we did in the trial and we'll see where we are.
Larry Wood: Yes, thanks for your question. Yes, the price is a pretty small factor in the U.S. growth number. It's overwhelmingly driven by the procedure growth. When you look at what we're going for RESILIA, for S3 UR. We're still in the - I call it the - I wouldn't call it necessarily the early part, but we haven't even reached halfway in the launch of RESILIA yet. And while we did go for a list price increase of 1,500, if you look at that as a percent of the total device cost, it's a lot smaller than what we did on the surgical side of things. So it's certainly a contributor and it's a long-term contributor for us, but it's pretty small in comparison to the procedure growth. And remember, too, as people's volumes go up, they continue to hit rebate tiers and they get discounted accordingly. So you got to factor all that in as well.
Larry Wood: Yes, I think that's right. I think Japan certainly got more impacted during COVID waves, I think, even than some other regions in the last year probably. And so as that stabilizes, we think that, that helps. And as Bernard said, we did see growth year-over-year and sequential. We just probably had higher expectations. And I think that's what's reflected in our comments. But we're optimistic in the back half of the year that we're going to continue to see recovery in Japan, and that's all factored into our guidance. On PROGRESS, we don't have any updates on enrollment right now. I will say, overall, we've been pleased with how that trial has gone. But probably investor conferences when we'll probably provide a more fulsome update on that and probably some more projections, we'll have a lot more information under our belt then that we can probably be a little more fulsome probably a little bit more accurate about our projections.
Larry Wood: Okay. Sure. Let me take a shot at that. So probably the biggest place we saw turnover on the TAVR side when things were about clinic coordinators. And I think we talked before about the number of valve clinic coordinators we train. And I think part of that is just a really demanding job. There's a lot that goes into that in terms of screening and moving people through the system. And so, I think there's a lot. So we see a little bit more turnover than that than certainly. And we don't really have the same level of work on the surgical side because on the TAVR side, remember, patients have to get a CT. They have to have a lot more work up. And not every patient gets the - most surgical patients, in fact, don't get a CT. And so, it's just easier to move surgical patients through the process because literally, if a patient comes in and they're deemed a candidate for surgery, they can move right to surgery within a matter of a few days or a week. Where for TAVR, they're going to have to be scheduled for a CT, you got to roll out coronary disease and there's just other things that you have to do. So, there are pressure in staffing in the system that would have impacted across the whole system, but there's just more systems to impact on the TAVR side. We didn't lose our operators. If not - those aren't the people we lost. We didn't lose our operators. We still have a lot of residents and a lot of people coming up through the system. So it's not so much the implanting positions as much as it is just general support staff.
Larry Wood: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. Yes, we think as the front end of the funnel starts to fill back up again with referrals and that I think there is a possibility that we are actually seeing a little bit of a backlog growth as we talk about the last mile still being probably the part that we see the most pressure on staffing. I wouldn't be able to quantify that and it's probably just sort of more of a directional thing. But the fact that we've seen the growth in TAVR for the first couple of quarters of this year, and we've been back into double digits and it's not like our centers are out beating the bushes for patients, we're pretty pleased with our patient flow right now. So I think that, that's obviously really positive. I think in terms of large centers, small centers, we saw a dynamic throughout COVID that when COVID would - with sort of the way it would come through that people - we tend to see the smaller centers growing faster indicating people maybe stayed a little bit more local. When COVID tends to go away, then people tend to go back to the centers, the large centers of excellence and they're willing to travel a little bit more. So I think we saw a little bit more growth in the large centers in this past quarter than we saw in the small centers, but that's something that has varied a lot quarter-by-quarter. But this last quarter would have been more in the large centers than the small ones.
Larry Wood: I'll try to answer that, and Bernard or Scott can certainly jump in as well. No, we don't think we're seeing an overall slowing of growth in the TAVR space. We think we actually have a pretty long runway here. We think there's still a lot of untreated patients in the system, and we continue to try to get through that. And as I said earlier, I still feel like we're somewhat constrained within the system for staffing and we still put double-digit growth on the board in the first two quarters. So I feel like there's still a long-term opportunity, and we haven't even begun to talk about the long-term impact of things like early TAVR and things like progress trial that obviously go out much further. So I think - try to think that this is going to go the way of population growth anytime soon. That's just not how we see it.
Larry Wood: Yes. When we were in the middle of COVID, we saw a lot of variation in the country based on where COVID was at any given point and because there was a lot of variation in health care policy for various different states in terms of how they reacted. So we saw a lot of different variations. I would say most of those restrictions have sort of dissipated now. And I don't - we're not seeing anywhere near that high variability from state to state or region to region that we used to see, and that's certainly true in the U.S. In Europe, we do see a little bit of regional impact a little bit more, where one regional enrolling faster than another region. But it's not anywhere near the exchange that we saw during COVID, where we saw huge swings now. They're much more muted now. And I would say we -- if I look back through history, we've always seen a little variation in Europe from country to country. So it feels like it's maybe not normal, but it's getting pretty close to normal, I guess, I'd say.
Larry Wood: Sure. Thanks. Well, in terms of the changes we made to X4, they were all delivery system related. So there weren't any changes made to the valve or anything along those lines, which is why we were able to make the changes pretty quickly and get back in the clinic. And so we're really pleased where we are. And we're all approved to begin enrollment. Now all the centers have to go back in and go back to the IRBs and whatnot. But we have a number of centers that are already greenlight and ready to go. So we expect to begin enrollment again very, very shortly. And I'm not ready to give an update on enrollment, much probably like PROGRESS. We'll probably do that at the investor conference once we have a little bit more of a run because it's not really about where we are, it's projecting where we think we're going to finish. And so I'd rather give you a more fulsome answer on that a little bit later. S3 UR, we're working with European regulators on that. But remember, there's been a huge change in the regulations in Europe to the MDR process. And there's also just a huge bottleneck in terms of the number of devices that are working their way through the system there. So we don't have any timing on that. Frankly, all the notified bodies are sort of learning about how the new regulations play and as are all the sponsors. So we don't have any timing on that yet. But we do have it approved in Japan, and that launch is well underway. We do have it approved in the U.S., and that's underway. And in both of those markets, we expect that to be the majority platform as we exit the year.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, definitely. Thanks, Bernard. I think as Larry and Bernard talked about, in the market, we continue to see recovery from the staffing portion of it and I think you're right that maybe we got hit a little bit more on the staffing side during COVID. But coming out, we're also still seeing recovery, but I still think there is opportunity to keep getting better on that component. With that being said, with such a large number of - such a large number of patients looking for new therapies, we continue to see relatively a strong market growth. That being said, as we dive into it, we continue to open up new centers in both the U.S. and Europe. Specifically in the U.S., I think we're continuing to hear great feedback from physicians about the differentiated features and benefits of the PASCAL system. We're ramping-up the team. We're opening up new centers each week. We're going through kind of the value-add value analysis committees in the contracting processes with each new center in the U.S. week-in and week-out. And we're really focused, as you can imagine, on the largest accounts in the U.S., not -- who do the most here so far. And so, I'm pretty excited about where we go in the U.S. Maybe just to comment, both on Europe, I think, as Bernard said, we've been again opening up new centers in Europe and I want to make a comment that, tricuspid especially in Europe, continued to see very strong growth. It's a newer therapy, smaller obviously in market size, but continue to see very strong growth, where we're seeing that the market is growing and that people are really seeing that PASCAL actually in this situation, the tricuspid space, is really got these differentiated features for atraumatic and tailored-treatment really for tricuspid tier. So, overall, we continue to be excited about where PASCAL is going in it's lunch.
Daveen Chopra: Also two small points, thanks for the question. If that - this interim analysis was a part of the statistical plan. So, that's already been planned out and was always a part to kind of show these results. So we're excited to share these results with the clinical community. And I'll make a comment that, for us, I'm actually pretty excited by what we've seen actually previously with TRILUMINATE. It helps really confirm outcomes that have come from other studies with Tier Technologies that we have on PASCAL device, that - that Tier in tricuspid delivers great Trikafta reduction with meaningful quality-of-life improvements and we are excited to see randomized data. So to me, these are all great positive tailwinds in tricuspid and we're excited to see what the TRISCEND II interim planned analysis will show.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, sure. No, definitely. I think I'll follow up and I say the overall TMTT market with both tricuspid and mitral continues to grow very well on a global basis, right, in that -- close to that maybe 20% kind of mark, globally. In the U.S., though, to specifically we're just in mitral, we do see strong growth. I think, Bernard, were saying something like almost like double-digit growth, which is about the ballpark we kind of see in for U.S. mitral. So we think it's there, but not as strong as it is on the global nature. As you remember, in many countries of the world, these technologies are just coming for the first time in there. We're still launching this technology into many, many countries. We're in very few countries - there are countries in Europe, countries outside of Europe that we haven't even launched into yet. So we continue to see, as we launch in new countries, that will help the market grow as well as the continued adoption of mitral in the U.S.
Scott Ullem: Thank you. And then about the financial implications of everything that Bernard and Daveen just talked about, which is, we're feeling good about how TMTT is developing in 2023. And you saw our original guidance for sales was $160 million to $200 million. We've bumped up the bottom-end of the range by $10 million last quarter. We're bumping at another $10 million this quarter and it's an indication of how positive we feel about our progress this year.
Scott Ullem: Yes, thanks for the questions. I'll start with gross margin. Gross margin, we're seeing some benefit of mix in 2023, but it's more than offset by the impact of foreign exchange, that actually hit us last year in 2022 and is flowing through our income statement in 2023. You asked about phasing. It's going to get more impactful negatively in Q3 and Q4, based upon current exchange rates. Now, if exchange rates change, that may change a little bit as well. But we're expecting gross margins to come down a little bit in Q3 and Q4 relative to the first half. All that said, we expect to end up right where we thought we would, in the range of gross margin guidance for 2023, so really nothing changed. In terms of operating expenses, you're right, we've been putting more investment into especially field based personnel in Europe, in U.S., and even outside, and that's weighing on operating expenses, but that's okay. It's part of a deliberate plan to really drive top-line growth by making sure that we've got the right people in the right places, supporting our clinician partners, and making sure that patients are getting the right kind of care, especially as we're introducing these new products in places like TMTT, and what Daveen talked about earlier. As it relates to operating margin progression over the next couple of years, we continue to see opportunities to expand our operating margin and we're looking for ways that we can do that. We've identified areas where we can make changes, and gradually incrementally expand our operating margin. But really it's a secondary focus. The primary focus is investing for long-term top-line growth. We have some clinical trials wind-down over the next couple of years, but we've got other ones spooling up. You know about what trials Larry is running in TAVR, and Daveen has gone in TMTT, and this is a super important area of investment for us, again to drive top-line sales by contributing to this really robust body of clinical evidence that we have supporting the growth in those two transcatheter businesses.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Vijay, maybe I'll jump in here and give you a sense of how we see it. The change in guidance, the expansion on the top-end of the range, largely reflects better-than-expected performance in the second quarter and the first half results compared to what we originally expected back at the time of the Investor Conference. And so, because we over-achieved in the first half, we are introducing this higher top-end of the range to accommodate a potential faster growth scenario the way we saw earlier in the year. We're still modeling and planning around the midpoint of that 10% to 13% range, but that's the reason why we expanded the top-end.
Scott Ullem: Yes. It's Scott. A couple of things. The increase in the guide was largely reflective of our stronger-than-expected first half performance and the prospect of potentially overachieving what we had modeled for the second half, although we're still modeling the midpoint of that range that we provided. As far as the July expectation, I guess we'll just leave it as the range that we put out for total company sales in the third quarter incorporates what we see so far month to-date. But we're not going to get into the month-to-month report. In terms of what the later in the year trend may look like, a lot of it depends upon seasonality. We get hit by the summer vacation season and not just in Europe but also in the U.S. And so we'll be able to talk more about that impact when we get to our third quarter call, both for looking back on the third quarter and what the run rate looks like going into Q4.
Scott Ullem: Well, the only thing particularly about Q3 is we pick up the summer seasonality, which hits us on the top line. And generally, the expenses continue to go through and are not as seasonal. That's really what it reflects.
Scott Ullem: Yes. We're expecting Japan to perform better in Q3 and Q4, and that's a contributor to our assumption about the midpoint of the range. Now Japan does better than we're expecting, that could get us into the higher end of the range. And if it does worse, then a lower end of the range. All of that said, Japan is still a pretty small percentage of our overall sales in TAVR, but it's an important one, and it's an important growth driver for us longer term.
Scott Ullem: I'd just add to that, Larry, just to reinforce that, our confidence in a $10 billion total addressable market hasn't changed one bit in 2028. And so while COVID interrupted our trajectory to that larger TAM, we still feel a lot of confidence that we've got big growth ahead of us, not just in with current indications in our current product portfolio but added to that, our new technologies and broader indications in the U.S., Europe and beyond.
