Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, Scott. As we reflect on our first half results, we're very pleased with the performance achieved across all our product lines and believe our future remains bright. Our innovative TAVR therapies continue to deliver value to patients. Our surgical heart valve and critical care product lines remain strong, as we invest in innovative products to strengthen our leadership positions. And our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid valve technologies continue to represent exciting opportunities for breakthrough therapies. Overall, we're confident that our valuable innovations will result in a continued strong outlook as we deliver important solutions for the patients that we serve. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, thanks a lot, Bob. Appreciate your comments. Yeah, actually the guidance on CENTERA and Ultra is unchanged. That's consistent with what we said before. So, Ultra will be launching later this year, and CENTERA will be launching actually late in the year, and so that really is no change. And we're optimistic about both of those platforms being really important and valuable to customers. On the marginal side rather than go through all our micro programs, maybe I'll just restrict my comments to the CardiAQ product line. As you correctly noted, we said last quarter to expect a 2019 launch. Nothing has changed in that regard. What we are pleased to announce is we actually began implants again. Remember we were very deliberate about this. We're doing implants again, which not only helps these patients that really don't have many options, but it also allows us to learn which is really important. And it helps us not only in the design of our product, but also in the selection of patients and the procedure itself and understanding anticoagulation protocol and a long list that becomes important for the long-term success of this therapy.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Bob. You do a pretty good job of packing a lot into a couple of questions. Anyways, what we've tried to say is in the Europe that we estimated the market probably grew in the mid-teens, we grew less than that. And so actually that reflects a market share reduction versus a year ago. We also tried to suggest that there was really no market share change in 2017, so this really lapsed back to a period in time, when there was increased competitive activities. But we're very pleased with the way things are going overall in Europe.
Michael A. Mussallem: And thanks, Larry. From a big picture perspective in TAVR, yeah, we enjoyed a terrific first half, that's for sure. We expect a really strong second half, although the growth rate is going to be lower, probably more consistent with what we originally thought. We're not prepared to give long-term guidance at this point, other than to remind you that we've said we believe this market is more than $5 billion and that we expect to be the leader going forward. If you just sort of play that out, Edwards would sustain a growth rate that would be somewhere in the teens, right, and it depends on the year, it's just exactly where it is, whether it's mid-teens or low teens. But no, we don't expect there to be a big drop. It will obviously change from quarter-to-quarter. We're always subject to volatilities, which I think you should be cautious of, but now, we feel good about our runway.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. And first of all, on CENTERA, there is nothing fundamental that's an obstacle there, Mike, that you need to be concerned about. We're going to go through the normal scale-up even though we have some outstanding results in the CE Mark trial. Again, it's hundreds of patients, and we want to execute this at a high level. We already have a heart valve in the marketplace by the name of SAPIEN 3 that's performing at an extraordinarily high level. And so, we don't feel the urgency that we have to rush CENTERA, and we're just going to be deliberate about it in terms of ramping it up. Our production ramp and our training is something that we'll do, we feel comfortable with, and so, no special news or limitations in that regard. On Cardioband, it's just a matter of us putting a dedicated team in place. We've made the decision that we are going to have a dedicated team and not trying to get leverage out of our transcatheter aortic valve team or our heart valve team, but have a dedicated team for this. We're building that right now. It's taken us a little bit longer than we like. So we're probably still building that during the second quarter and expect that to be effective and start to ramp up in the third and start hitting our stride here in the fourth quarter. So it has taken us longer than we like, but I think it's the matter of this development, and I think it's a little bit of what to expect here as we ramp some of these future therapies.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So a bunch of questions in there, David. Let me see if I can take it apart. We still think we're going to have a robust growing U.S. market. In terms of growth, yes, we think centers will continue to be added. We don't think there'll be anything unusual, probably consistent with past trends. From a competitive point of view, we expect that to intensify. Got to recall that we had a competitor that just got an intermediate risk approval recently. And so, we would expect that to have some kind of impact in the marketplace. And then, the other thing, and maybe the most important factor is remember, there was some pretty terrific growth in TAVR procedures in the U.S. during 2016, a pretty aggressive ramp. And some of that actually was the movement from surgery to TAVR. That sort of starts moderating to some extent in 2017, and so you wouldn't expect the same kind of growth from that driver in the back half that you saw in the front half.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. Japan is certainly a factor. I think what we said in our commentary is that those countries where TAVR is lightly penetrated really had accelerated growth and Japan is a perfect example of that, but it also was true in countries across Europe and even other countries in Asia. So yes, indeed the international growth is significant, not just in Europe, and yeah, even with the share loss, and some of that share loss is something that we fully anticipated and expect over time. Again it's not something that's happening to us so much in 2017, but historical in nature. We think we're able to put some pretty good growth numbers on the board and mostly attributable to the fact that adoption is still early in these. Japan for example is a place where we're probably still only treating high-risk patients. And so, we got quite a runway in front of us for us to be able to grow and that adoption there is still slower and it started later than in the big markets like Europe and the U.S.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So, so big picture, yes, as TAVR has developed and matured, it's become apparent to centers that if you want to be a real player in treating patients with the aortic stenosis that you need to have a transcatheter heart valve program. So, you can imagine the incentive for hospitals to add programs. There are significant hurdles and there are payment hurdles that they have to overcome. So, we expect hospitals to continue to add that. What we saw that what – it's happened for a few quarters now, is these new centers that joined are having almost immediate impact on our growth rate. So, if you look at where the growth is coming from the U.S., there is a significant portion that it's not just coming from the big centers, although those are certainly growing, but the new centers that are added. And so, that's been interesting. And it helps you get a sense for just the learning curve associated with SAPIEN 3. It's a relatively short one. They're able to perform at a pretty high level. The other thing it probably says is that there is patients out there that are in their own networks. And so, as hospitals join, it's a chance for them actually to be treated. And even though there might have been a center not far from them, they might have never found their way to that center, if it wasn't added. And it's a bit of a signal here of what's in front of us here to make sure this therapy actually gets expanded.
Michael A. Mussallem: We still think that the hospitals that are currently treaters are going to be the lion's share of the growth and that continues to expand. And I think you know from our past discussions that we feel like the treatment rate of patients with severe aortic stenosis and symptoms is still quite low. So, these hospitals can handle the volume and they're continuing to mature and they're continuing to develop their referral network and that's going to be the primary source of our growth. We've been pleased this is – I guess we were approved in the U.S. in 2011. So you can see how many years we're into it and still have a pretty heavy growth rate, and so, we feel comfortable that growth is going to stay significant into the foreseeable future.
Michael A. Mussallem: Valve, there was valve-in-valve. Yeah. Yeah, this is an important point from a patient perspective. So, for patients, we don't see these patients very often, but they are in desperate need, and a transcatheter valve inside of a failing valve is very powerful for these patients and potentially lifesaving. In terms of what it does for our numbers, it's not very significant. It's actually a small part and when you consider the size of the transcatheter aortic valve business, it's not a meaningful driver of growth.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. I think I understand the question. When we talk about seasonality, we talk about the normal seasonality that affects all of Edwards business, particularly surgeries. We know for example, in the third quarter, this is a higher vacation season for a lot of our treaters and volume is low, and in the fourth quarter, we have holidays that affect us as well. But I'm not sure that we see an impact related to centers that are becoming new TAVR centers that there is a seasonal impact. There may be some level of that, but it's not one that we're prepared to call out. The thing that probably that's more meaningful is the impact of these new sites are having immediately because even though – and you'd have to acknowledge that most of the centers that are being added are smaller centers, they must have a captive patient population. And so, as they do join, we get an impact immediately in the TAVR procedures. So it probably speaks somewhat to the point that patients don't naturally flow across hospital systems, and it probably highlights the importance of that and why new centers are meaningful.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So, we spoke to pricing from a couple of dimensions. One is, overall pricing ASP for the globe, we said that's very stable, and remember that has a product mix in it with probably higher pricing in places like Japan and the U.S. and lower in Europe. We said there is some impact on pricing, that's pretty minimal and I characterize it as low single digit, both in Europe and even lower in the U.S. related to volume discounting, but other than that, it's been quite a stable pricing picture.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. So, in terms of what we're going to do with our pricing going forward, yeah, we think pricing is going to be pretty solid. We really don't have anything to share, it's different. There is a pretty significant price premium that we're enjoying in Europe at this point, and if anything, it seems like it's growing, but it hasn't had a lot of impact on us at this point. And it certainly varies by country. We talk about CENTERA pricing, we haven't announced that yet. It's just likely to be a little different by country. It's a premium product and will be positioned that way. And in terms of the launch plan for CENTERA in the U.S., yeah, we'll probably have more to say about it at our investor conference. At this point, what we really want to do is to gain some more experience in the U.S. – I mean in Europe with the CENTERA system to help and form that strategy.
Michael A. Mussallem: We ask ourselves the same questions, Bruce. It's pretty early at this point. We've got very limited number of implants. We're optimistic about it. We get nice feedback from our clinicians. They're clearly excited about it, but it's too early to say really how competitive it is.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So, we're fortunate to have a portfolio in the tricuspid position that includes more than one therapy. And it's too early for us to declare one of the therapies better than the others. What we've learned is that, it is a real opportunity that patients just don't have many options. And so, physicians are enthusiastic to be able to have something to help patients. What's not clear in the tricuspid position is whether we can have any long-term lasting impact, but we believe certainly that we're hearing about an improvement in their quality of life that comes pretty rapidly. So, there is still lots of questions, Bruce, for us to answer, but we get encouraged by clinicians to persist on this. And we're glad to be able to gain experience at this point, so that we could sort through what is our sort of lead play in Europe in 2018 and we would probably have more to say about that at the investor conference.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. So we were clearly pleased with what was happening. In terms of the recovery, that was probably more than half of the total growth came from the recovery of mitral position, but INTUITY was a real contributor, probably added two points of growth to the product line in the quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We think that ultimately – I shouldn't have used the choice of words that Ultra will replace SAPIEN 3. We think it will be a next-generation platform and that our customers will prefer and that they will all migrate in that direction.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. No, I think that's not bad. That's probably pretty consistent with the growth of the market. We think that the competitive dynamic is going to increase in the back half of the year. So for example, we have mentioned that a competitor has intermediate risk. So we might grow slightly slower than the growth of the U.S. market. But in the first half of the year, we probably have been very consistent with the market and in the back half, maybe been slightly slower.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Josh. I think I heard you. You're coming through a little bit muffled, but right now, we don't expect much change in terms of the competitive dynamics in Europe in the second half of the year. Of course, we have a lot of respect for Boston, but we haven't modeled that there is a big change in terms of what the Symetis performance will be in the second half.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Clinical revenues weren't, I think, a big contributor. I think the kind of things we already talked about, the fact that the new centers contributed to growth. We probably didn't feel much competitive impact in the second quarter not as much as we anticipated. We think that will probably step up. International growth is probably a little bit better. But the other one that I always like to remind us of is just how difficult it is to predict this business precisely. With 550 hospitals and a TAVR device costing about $30,000, if you do one more or one less procedure in the quarter, that's a $16.5 million swing. So, just a reminder that we try and dial this in pretty closely, but it's difficult sometime to predict.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. A few things. One is, we think that the intermediate risk indication is going to be probably a slow developing trend, that it's going to take time for practice to really change over time. We think there was some encouragement to switch from surgery to TAVR, and we saw sort of some pretty good movement from surgery to TAVR during 2016. But I think that growth rate has slowed down in our minds in 2017. So, I think we're probably back on sort of this change ramp, if you will, of how long it takes for therapy change to really become part of practice. And that's why we think frankly TAVR growth is going to continue for some time to come.
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't know if that's fair. We've tried to move away from this purely a risk conversation because as we know age is a significant factor as well. So there is probably a lot of elderly patients that might even been characterized as intermediate risk that join that, but I think more and more, there is an acknowledgment that it's not just purely risk and we caution you not to just rely on that as a single factor.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. And I think primarily, we're enrolling here right now where we started here with our EFS trial in the U.S. The CE Mark depends on some roll-in patients, and so ultimately, we expect that to pick up momentum, but that we're not trying to signal that that's off and running yet.
Michael A. Mussallem: I would think so. I think really the benchmark we put out there is that we'd like to think that we get this valve CE Marked by 2019 and so, we're on a path we think to do that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. This is not really important factor in our mind. We think the sheath is primarily about vascular complication, is not a serious contributor to stroke. And in terms of embolic protection, I think we're already on the record saying that we're not sure that embolic protection really makes SAPIEN 3's performance improve. The matter of fact, even the data that was generated in that earlier trial did not demonstrate that to be true, so we have trouble thinking that there is going to be much impact.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I think we would acknowledge at this point that these patients are at high risk. In many cases physicians consider them non-operable. If they had other good choices for them, they would use conventional therapies. So you'd almost argue that we're in a compassionate group of patients at this point and that's where we started to try and have – really to help the patients that are in greatest need. Is that clear? Yeah.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. It's a small team. I think Cardioband had a contract to team, we've got a dedicated Edwards team that we're putting in place. These are clinical specialists that are in the procedures. They actually do training, they do proctoring, they actually try and help these clinicians in these very early procedures get outstanding clinical outcomes. And so, it's not big hiring, because we're in targeted countries at this point, but we think that the potential for this procedure is and the opportunity is significant enough that we wanted a focused and dedicated team that could grow with the procedure.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks very much to all of you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you David.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah. So on 17% to 19%, that's the right estimate for the full year. And so if you average out the little bit lower 9% rate this quarter, it gets you a little bit higher rate for the back end of the year. In terms of the EPS, an increase for the rest of the year, it's about 60% operations, 40% excess tax benefit resulting from the stock-based compensation accounting change.
Scott B. Ullem: So, Larry, I'll try to answer your question about tax rate. If there were no excess tax benefit, think about our baseline tax rate for now as low 20% range. It's really hard to estimate beyond that, what the impact's going to be on this excess tax benefit, because there are three elements that contribute to the calculation. One is the number of stock options that are exercised. Two is the strike price of those options that are exercised and the third one is our stock price. And so, to give you much color beyond just that baseline, tax rate reference really isn't possible at this point. We'll talk more about it at the investor conference, when we give guidance in December for 2018.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah, sure. So in the second half of the year, our expenses are actually going to grow probably two times the rate of sales growth, and it's really driven in research and development by continuing increases in clinical trials and timing on SG&A expenses and just building up SG&A to support some of these new initiatives that we've talked about in the transcatheter, mitral, and tricuspid areas.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. We think that the revenues are going to come in below the $10 million to $15 million than we thought originally for the year. And as a result, the dilution may be a little bit more. We feel pretty positive about the ramp, that by the time we get to Q4, we're expecting low single digits, $2 million or $3 million in revenue and over time, this should make positive contributions and work out of the dilutive position that is in here in the initial quarters.
Scott B. Ullem: So yeah, in the second quarter for the first time in a while, FX had a negligible impact versus last year and really the THV growth was reflected in most of that 160 basis point improvement. It might have been about 10 basis points from mix. The other thing that's I think changed from years past is we had very little impact from investment in operations in the second quarter. Now, we do expect that that will ramp up a little bit in the second half, but most of the gross margin improvement you saw was due to THV mix. Again, just in terms of going forward, the modeling assumption that we've been recommending is somewhere in the mid 70% range, call it 75%, which is right in the middle of this year's gross profit range. And we'll talk about how that may change as we continue to gain experience, making these investments in valve capacity around the world and continue to see how these new products come to market, what kind of gross margin performance they deliver as well.
Scott B. Ullem: So, our first call on cash is just to invest in internal R&D platforms. But when we get down to actual free cash flow, really we're going to look at continuing to fund external investments and look into things like investing in minority positions in earlier stage companies, making acquisitions as well, though you shouldn't expect that we're going to be doing any bet the ranch transformational kinds of acquisitions. After that, we really look to share repurchase as the means of delivering capital back to shareholders, and I think we feel good about our long-term performance including recently on being opportunistic about buying back stock in the open market. And so, this higher cash flow isn't exactly a can of corn, but we feel pretty good about being able to generate good cash off of the income statement this year, and we're going to be very disciplined in making sure we're deploying it intelligently.
