Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. We remain committed to our high level of investment and our pipeline of new products for the clinicians we serve and the patients they treat. We believe this enables us to aggressively develop our innovative product lines, driving long-term growth and extending our focused leadership position in structural heart therapies and Critical Care technologies. With that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, Jason. I'll speak to the U.S. market because that's really where we changed the estimate for the year and be would imagine that it would cause people to wonder if we thought the opportunity was smaller. And although we thought here in the near term, here, that there may be some capacity constraints and there may be some economic conditions for some sites that might be limiting in the near term, our expectation about the treatment opportunity hasn't changed at all. We continue to be bullish. Our models are driven by the prevalence. We believe that prevalence of this disease has not changed in any way. There's 260,000 patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis that are out there and only a quarter of those patients are treated. And we believe that as this technology continues to prove itself, and we're delighted with how it's demonstrated its impact on a long-term basis, that it's going to encourage these patients that are untreated for a variety of reasons to come off it and to gain treatment, particularly since you have this attractive catheter-based option. We think there's a component of that, which is simply accounts that are still on a learning curve that are coming up, Jason. There's accounts that are developing their referral networks, still training, general cardiologists, clinicians and their patients. So there's a fair amount of that, that's still going on right now. And we think as the technology improves and as the clinicians improve their technique, that this only grows.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Just to be specific, I don't know where the 100,000 number came from, Jason. When we built this, we built this out of the 260,000. We feel like with a transfemoral and the transapical approach that we still have the ability to treat most patients. The transapical became very important particularly with this -- the large French size of SAPIEN. So, no, we don't the market really limited from that perspective. In terms of pricing, you all know how expensive this is to be able to bring this technology to the market and to demonstrate all the clinical evidence that we generate. And we think our pricing continues to be fair. Of course, we'll reward high-volume centers with more attractive pricing, but I wouldn't expect any substantial changes in our pricing picture, Jason.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, I'm happy to get into it, David. Out of the change that we provided in our sales guidance, remember that a big piece of that is foreign exchange. So you can sort of set that aside. That was either $35 million from the investor conference or $30 million since the last time we talked. Separate from that, there was a component of that, that was related to Critical Care. The component that wasn't FX there was largely related to this change in our inventory in China. In heart valves, the change in addition to what we already talked about that's climate related was also related to this competitor in Japan that launched a little bit early. And the biggest single change is in the U.S. THV. That change in guidance was around $40 million. If we say that about a quarter of that already happened in the first quarter, David, this is a reflection that we're off to a slower start. And so that would be the key changes aside from the macro ones that we're explaining.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, David, let me get into it. On the 20, I don't know that I would say they canceled, but we would say that they postponed. And we didn't expect 20 sites to postpone. There were a variety of reasons for why they did. Some would say, gee, they're waiting for their hybrid OR to be completed. Some might say that the surgical teams, for one reason or another, weren't ready to be trained. Some people cited waiting for TAo before they actually jumped into it. So there were a variety of reasons, but those 20 sites would have probably generated something in the neighborhood of $5 million or more of stocking sales, which we did not realize in the quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, well, as we tried to suggest, the key component of that is we have a lot of heart valve clinical trials going on right now. And I tried to tick through an awful lot of those in the course of our commentary. Those consume more than 50% of the R&D budget for Edwards Lifesciences. So we're continuing to follow PARTNER patients. You've got PARTNER II and you've got the trials that are going on in surgical heart valves. You've got some of the other things that are related to registries. So when you add it up, it's pretty substantial. Separate from that, we've got the R&D programs that we cited in each of our businesses and what we have going in advanced technology. So the combination of those are pretty significant. We think that we're excited about the prospects of those investments generating future sales. And so we've really been hesitant to pull back on that and continue to think that that's a good investment of our funds.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I wasn't prepared to actually go through that in detail, but I could take a shot at it for your -- just to answer your question, Larry. We think that the SAPIEN technology is going to continue to grow. Those referral patterns and those patients are going to continue to come off the sidelines and that's going to grow. In Europe, we should be bringing our new lower profile technologies into being and so SAPIEN 3 and CENTERA have an opportunity to lift those. In our heart valve area, we have INTUITY that should be hitting its stride and lifting the growth rate of surgical heart valves. We have an opportunity for our noninvasive technology and our glucose to be lifting our growth rates, within Critical Care, we have MIS products within our CSS product line, which should be lifting it. So we think there's a - we think we have a pretty good lineup, a pretty good -- it was noted earlier how much we have invested in R&D. We have quite a lineup of new things that have an opportunity to lift us.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I'll just reiterate what we said at the time of the investor conference, that we thought it was likely that we're able to do it first-in-man in the mitral position this year. And we haven't been deterred on that. And so given that it's April, that means that we're that much closer and we continue to express the same sentiment. This is one that I hesitate to say too much before we know because we set some pretty high internal hurdles. Before we go to a first-in-man, we want to make sure that we check all those boxes and feel comfortable about that before we do it. But we continue to feel excited about the mitral opportunity. It's a big one, it's a big one for the company, it's a big one for patients. And we're hopeful that this is going to be a year where we have a novel first-in-man.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, one of the things that I try to note to the extent that it's helpful is that if you strip out clinicals and you take out net stocking orders, that the actual reorder rate was about 20% higher in Q1 compared to Q4. So it gives you some sense of the ramp. You have to be a little bit careful with the split of TA and TF because you still have TA that's being bought on stocking orders. There's a little bit more TF purchases than TA this quarter although they're somewhat similar. But again, the TA was listed by the stocking orders. And also note that you have a very different split outside the U.S. where you have a lower profile SAPIEN XT device. So even though you have the split, trying to do math on that is difficult. We don't have a great handle on how many, which patients are inoperable as opposed to high risk. That tends to be a gray area and we don't really have much that we could offer up on that front. I don't know if I answered your question, but happy to take a follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a great question. I would say a lot of our growth has continued to come out of existing centers with well developed patterns. And there is a steep learning curve that's going on right now in all centers. There are capacity constraints and we hear it on all kinds of shapes and sizes. So we hear some that they need to, for example, get another nurse coordinator to do patient screening. We heard from some that they need to get additional days set aside in the cath lab and the ORs. We hear from others that it's time to get a second team up. So there's a variety of those things going on, some people building hybrid ORs that aren't finished yet. So if -- there's not one single theme that I can put my finger on that says it's going to relieve the capacity constraints. Our sales teams are engaged heavily with each of their sites trying to help them through their capacity increases.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that's a tough one. I mean, we know how that went. It was pretty slow start to the quarter, but it's hard for us to say that it was really a steep ramp after that. So January was our softest month and we saw a pretty steady ramp after that. So I don't know if that helps provide any color, Glenn.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We would expect that they would eventually get trained whether it be on TA or even to those sites that talk about TAo, our system could potentially -- well, the short answer, yes, they'd be trained. Now remember that even though we expect to have those stocking orders come in, Glenn, there is going to be some offset for consignment. And so I think when we try to provide some help on this, we thought that net stocking would be somewhat of a lift in the first part of the year and not so much in the back part. But you know what, as the business gets bigger, net stocking is going to start to become a smaller and smaller part of total sales and so it will have a diminishing impact.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, yes, I do think that, that's true. We should get a lift from that. But again, I'm not in a position to predict exactly how the net stocking is going to turn out, Glenn.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I didn't put a big emphasis on referral patterns. I think that's one that's going to have an impact on a long-term basis. I don't know how much of an impact it's really having in the near term. But to be specifically -- or to speak specifically to your question, there are several things that we're doing that we think can have long-term impact. One we mentioned before is we've engaged with the American College of Cardiology on the championing care initiative, which is really designed to train cardiologists and then ultimately general practitioners in the treatment of aortic stenosis. And there's a big need for that. The American Heart Association is developing a section on their website to actually speak to patients with aortic stenosis. That's never been there in the past. Edwards has helped launched a new patient-focus site called yournewheartvalve.com (sic) [yourheartvalve.com], which helps direct patients that are wondering what they might do about their aortic stenosis. So there are a number of things going on right now, Glenn, that I think will be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Rick. You could imagine when we have a very novel innovative technology like this, there are so many variables that go into the rate of adoption. And we try hard to model that. And we've got a very talented group with an awful lot of feedback. We're very close to our clinicians in our sites and do our best, but we're not able to get that just perfect. What we always try to do is share our best insight or our best knowledge. And we believe that what we're sharing right now is our most accurate picture of how we think the U.S. is going to turn out in 2013. We're fortunate that we -- we've got the first quarter under our belts. So we know that, so I would imagine there'd be less risk in it now than when we were making those estimates in December. And so we're just that much more confident this is the right level.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, in terms of what are the range of possibilities, there are probably -- it's fair that the range are large. Given the dynamics, what we remind ourselves, Rick, is that if each of the 200 centers that we started the quarter with just did one more case in the quarter, that would've resulted in $6 million more sales. And so we're very sensitive to slight changes in almost every variable. And so, yes, it's always possible that we do better than this, but we're sharing this guidance as what we think is the clearest picture, the way we see it today.
Michael A. Mussallem: So far we've gotten in trouble trying to predict exactly what net stocking will do because there's so many variables. We think generally that it's a positive influence in the first half and it turns negative in the second half. But again, it starts to be a smaller percentage of total, Rick, so I think it gets -- it starts diminishing as an important impact over time.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, no, thanks, Kristen. Yes, well, actually, maybe we have a little different view. We do think that economics improve and we do think capacity improves over time. Here you have this disease that's just a devastating disease for these patients and we're still early in the experience of these centers. They're on a learning curve. They're still building their capacity. They're far from efficient at this point. And that's growing. The economics, there's 2 components to the economics. One is the reimbursement and admittedly that changes slowly, but I would imagine that there would be changes to improve that over time. But more importantly is the cost side of this. And the cost side, this is driven by things like length of stay, like the actual procedure intensity itself, its complications. All those are improving, which should improve the economics. So we think there's a number of factors that improve over time. They are more difficult in the short term than they are in the long term.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Let me take a look. So the U.S. underlying rate of growth was, I think, in the low to mid-single digits, so sort of in the 3 to 5 range as a growth rate. Negative. I don't know if I said that, but that's what I wanted to make sure that you were clear. Sorry about that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. There was a one less sales day, which is worth about a minus 2. So a component of that was sales days, Kristen. But the market wasn't particularly robust either in our view. We don't feel like we took a share hit.
Michael A. Mussallem: Boy, I don't know that. I can tell you, Michael, that right now I think there's about half of the centers that are somewhere going through the consignment process. But I wouldn't be able to put my finger on it because this consignment number, once somebody starts on consignment, each valve they use moves to consignment, so it gets to be variable. It's not easy to do, to back out the accounting. It's one unit at a time.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's possible that that's the case. There's also some theory out there that there's an awful lot of valve trials going on in the U.S. at this point, as well, that could be tapping off some volume. So those could be factors that are influencing the surgical valve growth. Again, our pricing is solid. We don't feel like we're losing share. It's just not generating much growth right now.
Michael A. Mussallem: We feel like this was sort of within our -- within the norms of reporting the way we do right now, Mike. So we didn't feel like there was any need to preannounce.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, we're long-run guys, Mike. So when we think about acquisitions, we think about how we create long-term value. We think about what kind of things that suit Edwards. We have a very focused strategy around structural heart disease and critical care technologies. And so any acquisitions we think about are those that would provide growth particularly in those areas, where we're leaders. And so our philosophy, overall, has not changed.
Michael A. Mussallem: We don't particularly -- our history, Mike, is to look at technology deals. We always consider a full range of options, but I can't tell you that there's really been any change in our view.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Yes, I would say for the first time we felt that competitors in the non-transfemoral competitor -- the non-transfemoral segment took some share. We estimate that maybe about 10% -- it's maybe 10% of that alternate access position, overall. So that's what it would look like. That's probably something in the order of maybe 150 units in the quarter, the bulk of those all in Germany.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I'm not aware of anybody that has walked away and stopped doing TAVI based on economics. You asked the question earlier, too, about pricing in Europe. If I hadn't mentioned it earlier, it's continued on a similar trend what we've seen in the past, about 3% year-over-year decline principally driven by the volume discounts that we give in large centers.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, no, I didn't mean to say that I'm aware of any centers that have walked away from TAVI, that I'm aware of.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I guess what I was trying to refer to is in advance of the approval of Cohort A, we believe that sites were, more or less, sort of saving up their patients that didn't have good femoral access for a transapical approach. Given that we got that approval in late October of last year, we don't think those patients are still around. We think those patients have been treated. This is not the kind of disease that here we are almost 6 months later, that they would still be there. So the TA cases have gone very well. They've had a high procedural success rate. We actually wonder here whether some of the cases that'd previously be done transfemorally were maybe borderline transfemoral cases, now that there's a TA approach, actually are being done by TA.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think, I mentioned that in the U.S. -- in Europe, I think our mix has been running around 70% TF, 30% TAA (sic) [TA]. So I think the market might be slightly richer than that, but that's our mix at this point. What I said was that we had much more growth on the TF side and actually some decline on the TA side.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we try and discipline our sales and marketing expenses. You saw even our expenses this quarter a little lower probably because of some of the incentive comp that goes along in follow sales. But our focus is on really driving the growth. We think there's a lot of unmet need out there and we try and really line up our resources to be focused on that. And then those that aren't focused on driving growth, we try and be very thoughtful and judicious about how we apply that. So the estimates that Tom offered of an SG&A rate of around 37% for the remainder of the year, we think is a pretty reasonable way to think about us in 2013.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We're not ready to forecast 2014, Bruce. The things that are going on right now in addition to the work that I mentioned earlier that we're doing with the societies and so forth, there's also work going on with each individual site. And those sites are probably the most powerful generators of improving their capacity, improving their economics and working on their referral networks. And so I expect there to be progress on all those fronts, but it's too early for us to offer 2014 guidance.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. No, we don't have a different view of that. As I mentioned at the end of this quarter, we're just over 225, so we're tracking just on that rate. But this is the one that as we get more visibility, we'll let you know, but that estimate is our current reasonable estimate.
Michael A. Mussallem: It's tough to generalize, Spencer. As you know, when they come to training, they bring some cases with them and then generally they get proctored immediately thereafter. So usually something in the neighborhood of 5 cases usually happen in pretty short order after their training. And then generally because they place stocking orders, they have a certain level of commitment to continue. But it's highly variable for a whole host of reasons, so I'm not sure that I can provide much help on that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Yes, I think that there's a couple of kinds of reimbursements. There's physician reimbursement and that would get -- that's going to get readdressed. That'll be -- that happens routinely, pretty much happens on an annual basis and so that will get dressed. In terms of the overall DRG system, that that's to be slower moving. It takes some time. I think generally people think it takes a couple of years here before CMS reassesses a DRG. But over time, they try and reassess. And then so these things aren't frozen in time was my inference. In terms of the GARY registry and whether it had impact, we really have not seen any negative impact. I think one of the things that I mentioned is actually Germany itself is one of our fastest growing countries in Europe. It doesn't change our view of how attractive this is going to be for patients. If you look at the -- that have -- patients that are current surgical patients, if you look at the 3-year ACC data, which we think is far more important data than the GARY data, we found that comparing the SAPIEN valve to surgery was looking quite attractive. They were equivalent and it becomes a very interesting option for these high-risk patients. So we think that PARTNER II, which is going to get into it in a bigger way, is going to demonstrate that even greater. The early look that you had in PARTNER IIB highlights the benefits of XP and the lower profile and the improved vascular complication. So we think this just gets better for these moderate-risk patients.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Now to the first one, yes, that may well be the case. I mean, I hesitate to change a view of a market after one more quarter. As we see things sort of unveil itself, David, we'll have a sharper view of what we think this looks like in the long term. But the premise that you lay out there, that it may take a little longer to get these patients, that's one explanation, that might be it. It's just too soon for us to have a clear view and we'll certainly sharpen that up over time.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone. We appreciate your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
