Thomas Abate: Thanks, Mike. This quarter, we achieved diluted EPS of $0.48, and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.49, which was a 7% increase versus prior year. At the same time, we increased our R&D investment by 28%, and continued to ramp our spending in preparation for our U.S. THV launch. And while we're investing heavily to prepare for that launch, excluding special items, we're still projecting double-digit earnings growth for 2011. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 70.4%, compared to 72.5% in the same period last year. This decrease was driven predominantly by a 180 basis point impact from foreign exchange. At current rates, this negative effect is expected to increase, resulting in a third quarter gross profit margin of approximately 70%. With the lift from existing FX contracts in the fourth quarter, and the expected launch of SAPIEN in the U.S., we expect to exit the year at approximately 73%. Second quarter SG&A expenses were $163 million, or 37.8% of sales, an increase of $23 million over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by the impact of foreign exchange, plus $8 million of U.S. transcatheter heart valve launch-related investment. For full year 2011, we continue to expect SG&A to be between 37% and 39% of sales.  R&D expenses in the quarter were $65 million, or 15.1% of sales, an increase of $14 million over the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in clinical studies and development efforts in our transcatheter valve program. Also included in this quarter's figure was a $2 million in-process R&D charge pertaining to the acquisition of mitro valves technology. For full-year 2011, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 16%.  During the quarter, we recorded a $4 million charge to reflect the increased collection risk associated with our receivables increase. Additionally, we recorded a $2.5 million income tax benefit, resulting from the partial settlement of a European tax audit. The net impact of these items reduced diluted earnings per share by $0.01. Our reported tax rate for the second quarter was 20.2%. Excluding special items, this rate was 22.9%. For the full year 2011, we now expect that rate to be approximately 24%, excluding special items.  FX rates positively impacted second quarter sales by approximately $23 million, and our bottom line by $0.01 compared to the prior year. Relative to our prior guidance, there was no FX impact to our bottom line in the quarter. Looking forward, at current rates, we continue to expect $40 million to $50 million positive impact of 2011 full year sales versus prior year. Free cash flow generated during the second quarter was $42 million. We define this is cash flow from operating activities of $59 million, less capital spending of $70 million. For 2011, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $190 million to $200 million.  During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 970,000 shares, for $83.2 million. We continue to project diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 120 million shares for the remainder of the year. Our balance sheet, on our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a net cash position of $293 million. Total cash of $468 million, exceeded our total debt of $175 million.  Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 69 days, a small increase from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 2.2, relatively unchanged from prior quarter. Turning to our 2011 sales guidance. For Heart Valve Therapy, we continue to expect sales to be between $1.01 billion and $1.05 billion, with an underlying growth rate at the upper end of our 16% to 20% range.  In Critical Care, we continue to expect sales to be at the top of our $470 million to $500 million range, and underlying growth at the top of our 5% to 8% range.  In Cardiac Surgery Systems, we now expect to be in the middle of our previously stated $105 million to $115 million range, with an underlying sales growth of 6% to 8%.  [ph] For Vascular, we continue to expect sales of $50 million to $60 million. And for the full year, as before, we expect total sales to be in the range of $1.66 billion to $1.74 billion.  For the third quarter 2011, we project total sales of $395 million to $415 million, and diluted EPS of $0.37 to $0.39, excluding special items. We continue to expect full-year net income growth of 11% to 13%, and diluted EPS in the range of $2.01 to $2.07, excluding special items. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mike.
Thomas Abate: It's also the only way that a patient with a small vessel gets access to the technology. So you have to keep in mind that there are folks that the TF procedure is not the best choice for them. So that they're very high-risk patients, and this is something that without TA, they don't have a solution. So it's very critical to us.
Thomas Abate: Thanks for acknowledging that, Glenn. We felt that -- and it was the smallest of an item that it was, it was fair to actually talk about it, identify it, but to include it in our figures.
Thomas Abate: Actually, the FX impact increases pretty significantly. And that's one of the reasons why I tried to give you a specific number for Q3. So I'd say, stick close to that.
Thomas Abate: No. What we try to do is 2 components. So there's a big improvement in FX, in fact it has almost has no impact on the margin in the fourth quarter. So it's that FX improvement, plus the introduction, the assumed introduction of SAPIEN. So 2 factors get us to the 73%.
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, Tom. In closing, not only do we believe that Edwards' leading product lines are well-positioned globally to continue to contribute to our long term success. We remain optimistic for the potential of transcatheter valve technologies to drive accelerating revenue growth and expanding operating margins.  We look forward to making this therapy more available to U.S. patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis who currently have limited treatment options.  Before we open up to questions, I'd encourage you to mark your calendars for Friday, December 9, when we'll host our 2011 Investor Conference in New York. This event will include updates on our new technologies, as well as our outlook for 2012, and more information will be made available in the next couple of months. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
Michael Mussallem: You're correct, that is a change. We've updated our launch plans to include 150 to 250 centers in the first year, newly trained centers. We continue to be very confident in the $150 million to $250 million range in year one. We made the change more in collaboration with the societies, in response to their concerns that the rollout be measured, and actually, it's very consistent with our models. We have more sophisticated models at this point, than what we had at that time, and we're very comfortable. -- what it really means is, you're going to see more patients per center as a result of this change.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, of course. No, what we're broadly -- what we noted was, that although we saw a procedure volumes, we feel like really tick up in Q1 compared to where they were on the second half. They seem like they were treated some in the second quarter compared to the first. Yes, there was a launch of a competitor product in April, and we did feel that to some extent, but that's in the numbers. I think the -- we think there was probably a bigger impact from the procedural change than there was actually from the competitive activity this quarter.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. For so for example, we're adding centers in other geographies outside Europe, that's supplementing growth. But we would say the growth was in Europe, in existing centers, it's probably the larger driver of the overall growth.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Let me comment a little bit about the continued access question. Yes, I think in an effort to answer the questions that were raised by panelists yesterday, we responded pretty hastily and probably, did some speculation. We shouldn't have done that. This group is really a subset. And you have to remember, what was really in front of the panel was, there was a data lock, and we've done deep and extensive analysis of the group before this. And so really, we haven't done that kind of analysis on the continued access group. We really expect that this continued access to have very much the same outcomes that are reflective of the PARTNER Trial when it gets aggregated in total.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We don't have any particular insight on a panel date. So no, there's nothing there. No. This is more consistent with our original assumptions. We said that we actually made that submission sometime ago, this was back in April of this year that we submitted this. We say -- we think that given the importance of this technology, that we'd have approximately one year approval timing. So that really lands us in something. And we're saying, nothing has really happened recently, that caused us to feel any differently about that timing.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, and no, it's a good point. And obviously, it was focused on very, very heavily. And there's no doubt that stroke is an issue, and it's a very important issue. And no one is more committed to trying to resolve those issues than we are. But I guess, as it relates to the approval of Cohort A, in the final analysis after an awful lot of discussion, the panel even agreed that the benefits outweigh the risk for Cohort B. And we think that, that will continue to be the case for Cohort A. Remember, Cohort A clearly met its endpoints, and that data has been out there and available for some time.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, that's correct, that's what I'm trying to indicate. There are surgical codes that are currently designated for patients that are severe, and complicated cases. And those are the codes that we expect to map to.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I mean, you're into a broader subject, and whether there's going to be new codes and national coverage decisions and so forth, and that's more difficult to ascertain.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, you're correctly noted, Kristen, that there's a strong desire amongst the physicians in the societies in particular, to have a registry. They'd love to track all patients for a new transformative technology like this. What we believe will be the case, and we've continued to stay on this, is that CMS will reimburse to the label and to the labeling -- so the evolution to our registry, that would be great. If that happened, there's a lot to be done, between where we are right now on our registry, that would really accomplish all the goals. We're currently working with FDA on a post-approval study. And that the registry really doesn't exist yet. But big picture, we really think that CMS is going to continue to reimburse the label.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's a great question. That P2A is not final yet. We said that we would expect that we would get that finalized and approved by the end of August. There's been questions raised, and we're in discussion right now, on whether there should be longer follow-up and how many patients. I would just summarize to say, we'd be pleased to have a longer follow-up period if it enables us to study a broader patient population, okay? And we're in those exact discussions with them today. Again, not final, but we think that's a very good trade-off for patients and the company.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, we have not taken a position on that one. I can tell you, just by going through our prioritized list, this has not floated to the top of the list. We're more interested in getting these technologies, the next generation technologies available to patients. And so I don't see us necessarily sponsoring that. There may be some small studies, David, but you know, again, I don't think you're going to see anything very profound coming from us.
Michael Mussallem: It's a good question. I think that's not clear at this point. I think that societies believe that they can play a very useful role. And you can see that the ACC and STS have stepped forward and talked about their views. You may have heard a little bit yesterday, about the fact that 4 societies, 2 cardiology, and 2 surgery societies are working collaboratively to write guidelines. So I think you'll see an evolution of that. And I think it would increase their collective confidence that this is going to be done in a high integrity fashion. Whether that exactly happens or not, I don't know. I don't think it changes a lot from our perspective, because I think we're largely on the exact same page of the societies in terms of, what kind of centers would be qualified to do this, or what kind of patients this would be appropriate for. We continue to be on the same page of sort of, is the right patients, right technology for them, and trying to drive very high outcomes.
Michael Mussallem: I think so, Larry. I mean, I tell you, we do -- we reiterated our confidence to the $150 million to $250 million. We believe that, that's very much doable within this 150 to 250 additional training centers.
Michael Mussallem: I guess I'll say this, Larry, I don't know that we saw a lot different in the PARTNER results than we've seen in Europe with our source registry. And I don't know whether you took note of the comment of how well, and how strong the demand is for transapical in Europe. So this is where they actually have the availability of SAPIEN XT. And here, we have almost as high a TA volume as we have TF. And it's a market where everything is available. And I think that should be quite a signal to people. The other thing to know, that as we try and preserve this heart team, the TA becomes essential for a high-level of engagement by surgeons. So we really think, yes, of course, there'll be more data analyzed on TA. But remember, that's a much sicker patient population. They've performed, we think, very consistently with expectations, and so we're not overly concerned about that.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Chris, I would say, broadly. At this point, our view has not really changed in the long term in terms of what we're going to see. There's a lot of questions that have been raised about regional centers of excellence, and that's, I think, an important consideration along the way. We're the beneficiary of an awful lot of experience outside the U.S. And it's just not large surgical centers that necessarily equal great success with transcatheter heart valves. There are many factors involved. And we think overtime, this is a technology that actually, can be useful in more than just a few centers. We don't expect this to be restrictive to kind of way, that you might see some of the other more complicated technologies restricted.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. At this point, it's premature to talk about Embrella and PARTNER II. We want to gain some first hand experience. What we try to relate here is, that we're in the process of bringing Embrella into Edwards right now. This means, run it through all of Edwards' quality systems, and make sure that it's bulletproof. We're going to be in a position to start clinical trial in the fourth quarter to really take a look at that thoroughly in multiple centers. You're right, we don't need a lot of follow-up, because we're really going to be most focused on the more acute success. So we would think, probably, early in 2012, we'll start to get some kind of signal. I don't know if it's going to be a strong enough signal to make decisions at that point, but we'll start learning at that point.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Bruce. I don't know -- if I sent that signal, I'd didn't mean to send that signal, that we were going to augment the data set in Cohort A. We think it's a really robust data set that's based on a very strong randomized clinical trial. I mean, you saw that the results were even published in New England Journal of Medicine. So we think we've got some pretty strong data. There'll be longer follow-up of course, that goes on, because that's going to be available at that time. But if I send a signal that there's going to be supplemental data, I didn't mean to.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bruce. I guess our best way to be able to talk about that is to relate a little bit to our experience outside of the U.S. We've consistently seen that there is more patients that come into the system, than came into the system when it was only surgery that was an option. And that of course, when those patients come in, some of those will be good candidates for transcatheter heart valves, but in other cases, they're going to be good surgical candidates. And in some cases, they're going to be so far gone, that they're just not good candidates for either one of these therapies. But it's no doubt, that when there's an option like transcatheter heart valves available, that it stimulates more patient demand. And there's a percentage that goes each way. Overall, it's net growth.
Michael Mussallem: In the U.S., today, we have, it's really the partner sites, it's in the neighborhood of 25 sites. So that gives you a sense for it.
Michael Mussallem: We still feel good about that. Obviously, when you're trying to predict something like this, it becomes nearly impossible. You all have a chance to see a lot of companies that go through this process. But given what we've already been through, the power of the results, that we feel like was a strong panel yesterday, we continue to feel that that's a pretty reasonable estimate.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I mean, you all had a chance -- and thanks for the question, David. You all had a chance to hear that discussion yesterday and look at it. And you could see that there was a strong desire by the FDA, certainly a strong desire on the part of our own CEC and Executive Committee to get much deeper on stroke than was ever anticipated when we started the trial. So remember, part of it was noted as [indiscernible]. When we went into the trial, we just were ready to talk all stroke. And now we want to get much deeper and cut this so that we can learn more about it. We know a few things, as it relates to PARTNER A. The TA patients, by their nature, have a higher risk of stroke. So these are patients, because they have peripheral vascular disease in most cases, are going to automatically put them in it. Broadly though, this field is still relatively new. I think there's a strong belief on the part of those that are practicing, that anti-platelet therapy is going to be important. And so that standard is still being sharpened, and moving it from simply, a guideline to a requirement we think will be important. And we're working closely with the clinical communities to define this more clearly.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, those are being defined for PARTNER II. I don't think you're going to see those in a label and there's no real way of enforcing that. That's really left to clinicians to use their judgment. I wouldn't be surprised if many clinicians move to what is believed as best practice. But no, I think guidelines are going to evolve more slowly over time clinical results.
Michael Mussallem: I don't really know there -- we probably got into a discussion that I'm not sure that we really belonged in to get into this continued access population. I'm sure it's going to be analyzed at some point. Our view is that, it's not going to be material to FDA as they evaluate whether that they should go forward on PARTNER B, but we'll obviously, do any kind of analysis that they like. But the continued access population, it really deserves careful looking at, because you have the group that was discussed yesterday, which those that are still randomized. Then, you had a broader group after randomization. Now that group goes up to I think, 400-plus patients and growing. And so this gets substantial. And we have to take into account, some of these patients actually start crossing over, and so the PAS, again, follow just like all pivotal trials do, it will follow and have analysis in the long run, but probably not in the near term. We'll -- one thing that you probably heard, we are committed to follow these patients for 5 years.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I think there's no doubt for those centers that already have some referral networks developed, like those that are partner sites. You're going to see them do many more cases. Now the other side of that is brand-new centers will do some stocking orders. So you'll also see quite a bit come from them. So the combination of those 2, we said, will generate between $20 million and $25 million in the first quarter.
Michael Mussallem: Clearly, if we were at the lower end of that, that would affect our ultimate sales for the first year.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We believe that we will. It's impossible to be able to predict the future on this, of course. But we believe that CMS is going to continue, or will stay true to the standard of reimbursing to labeling. This will be a well-vetted procedure that's backed up with randomized clinical trials, an awful lot of discussion, deep engagements by the societies. And we think that in the final analysis, this judgment, that the benefits outweigh the risk, are going to carry over to reimbursement policy as well.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Sara, that's helpful. Yes, what we said was that our initial focus of our commercial efforts is that go to a select group of centers, and collect that clinical outcome measures and economic data, Quality of Life data. What we meant is, we'll have a CE Mark, it gives us the ability to go out and sell, but we don't think we want to go through a broad launch at this point. Because what we'd like to do is to have INTUITY's value established before we go to launch. And so I guess maybe -- and I'm guessing now what's underneath your question here. That would probably mean that you wouldn't anticipate a lot of INTUITY sales while we're still collecting those data because we think there's a much bigger picture, a much more important one that we need to develop. And so we're taking long run view there. We've said, let's collect the data that's necessary. And we believe all the signals are there, that would allow us to demonstrate that this has high economic value, and that, that is in place before a broad launch.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We're still in discussions. We're sure don't think it's going to be bigger than PARTNER. But this valve can be interpreted, either as a surgical valve or something very novel. And we're in those discussions. I don't have any specifics to share with you at this point.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. There's kind of a 2-step process in Japan, in general. We pursue regulatory approval, and we're well down that path. And so the regulators pointed us towards some specific clinical data that they'd like to see generated in Japan. And as we say, that trial is enrolled at this point. And so it's gone through its time period. And so it's going through its time period. And once that data is analyzed and so forth, then we expect it to be a favorable result. And again, I'll remind you that this is a SAPIEN XT that we're going for in Japan. Then we make a separate petition to the Ministry of Health and Welfare for reimbursement. And our intention would be, to have reimbursement in place before we launch.
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Thanks. And this probably needs to be the last one. Thanks, Sara, though for your diligence. Yes, we were pleased. We weren't expecting the Magna Ease aortic valve this soon, so we were very pleased to get that approval. This has become our #1 selling valve in the world, so we're very excited about bringing that in Japan. You may know that we have a very strong market position in Japan. So this is going to be an opportunity for us to move our customers through this lower profile. It's particularly going to be helpful for these smaller patients. So not only will it be a bit of an upgrade for those that are already buying Edwards products, but we think it's going to bring some patients that are small today that might to get mechanical valves over to a tissue valve.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I would say, broadly, nothing really new. Probably, a bit of a difference in tone map was there. It's clear that this panel is not nearly as close as many of the clinicians that we deal with, where this has become a big part of their life's work. And so we end up having more detailed conversations. And in a way, this is a chance for us to step back and have some experts review this, that aren't so deep in our technology, and don't know so much about these patients and this disease. So we feel like that we probably even need to do a better job of explaining to this group where we are. I don't know if that gets at your question.
Michael Mussallem: Sure. thanks for that question, Raj. Well, let's start from the top. We absolutely do not agree that 60% to 70% of the valves are being used off-label. We think a high, high percentage of these valves are being used on label. I think label actually, calls for more than a euro score of 15 or 20, and we're tracking in the 25% range. So the first registry showed 27, I think we're around 25 today. So we're very, very comfortable in terms of some very high-risk patients that are being treated. Now I can't speak to whether, competitors are also following that. But certainly, we know we're a big part of the people that are serving that. Those patients in Europe. And that we're very rigorous about helping people stay on label, and we don't think it has. There was just recently a circulation paper that was published, I think it was Dr. Martin Thomas that actually authored that, and he had a quote that was in that, that says, "there's not been indication creep." And again, I don't have the words exactly right, but I would encourage you to go back and review that. I think it was just published in the last few weeks.
Michael Mussallem: I think it's a good way. I think stroke is key on everybody's mind, because when you think about complications, here's probably the most serious complication. And actually, we look forward to tackling this stroke issue, because if we can get this one managed, we think there's substantial upside. But you have to remember, when we went into this thing and the trial was designed sometime ago, it was indeed indicated, that we were going to measure all stroke. That's what was prespecified, and what FDA reminded us is that, the pure science is to stay with those prespecified measures. Along the way, it became apparent that stroke was becoming an important complication that needed to be understood. And so it wasn't just my Marty Leon [ph], but our clinical events committee, our Executive Committee, that said they really value deeper analysis. And so they started cutting it, not only by major stroke and minor stroke, but many other ways. We -- I want to remind you, we continue to provide all the data exactly the way FDA wanted it. In other words, by all strokes. But we supplemented it with this additional analysis. This was all under the banner of trying to understand it better. And we recognize that for Cohort A, there's a 2% to 4% higher level of stroke in these patients. But again, this is a very sick group.
Michael Mussallem: Since we're not seeking that as an indication, we didn't feel any reason that we needed to provide that data. We certainly understand exactly where FDA is coming from, because some clinicians, in an effort to save patients lives, in many cases where there aren't options, aren't going to want to use our valves. And I think where this ultimately landed, is that FDA will probably put some kind of warning, and that reminds people that we don't have any data on valve and valve. But we don't think that that's going to constrain the approval of the product.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We don't have clear definition of that. It's going to happen after FDA approval, and we'll know more. At that point, we're going to make our application for those codes. So that's really one step away, so we don't have the specifics to add. It will be a specifically new code.
Michael Mussallem: I think that's a great observation, Elie. Yes, in fact, in our PARTNER II discussions, there have been specific discussions about doing neuro assessments. And we're in agreement with doing that. We're all committed to learning together, and this is going to be evaluated much more thoroughly in the future.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I need to go back and check, but my understanding, is that it would be incorporated into PARTNER IIa. I don't know for a fact that it's incorporated in PARTNER IIb.
Michael Mussallem: I probably haven't done a very good job of explaining it. When you listen to the panelist yesterday, it's why the heck don't you generate some valve in valve data? And the short answer is, it's not that simple to analyze. So there's a few things that you could evaluate. In other words, you need to do specific studies within specific valves, right? And when you start thinking about failing tissue valves, there aren't that many that are out there. So being able to do the appropriate tests and get the appropriate models for failing tissue valves and fulfill regulatory requirements for doing it, it's difficult and challenging to do. And you're probably going after some very small numbers in the final analysis. So that probably is more meaningful. Obviously, it's meaningful to patients. It's probably not a big driver in terms of number of patients that you're going to get valve in valve in total. Is that helped clarify it? Or do you have more specific question, Bruce.
Michael Mussallem: The real specific answer, Mike, is I don't know exactly what's going to be presented at TCT. You know there's going to be a strong desire to see more data. I think I specifically, don't know the answer, Mike. So I'll leave it there.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. At this point, we're not sure of the timing of a national coverage decision. At one time, we would've thought that it was some ways off. There's more discussion today, more engagement by societies, and it's possible that a national coverage decision could be sooner than we originally thought. Big picture, we continue to believe that CMS is going to reimburse the label. And as long as that's the case, we really don't think there's any changes to our models.
Michael Mussallem: Great. Thank you. And thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom, and David, and I are going to welcome any other additional questions by telephone. Let me turn it back over to you David.
