Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, our strong year-to-date financial performance demonstrates the strength of our market-leading product portfolio. We believe our strategy of focused innovation can transform patient care and drive value into the healthcare system and to shareholders. In light of the impressive body of clinical evidence, we're enthusiastic about the continued expansion of transcatheter-based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, positioning us for a bright future. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think that in terms of the number of units sold, I think it was just under 50%, Jason. In terms of the number of accounts, I think it also was less than half. But you should in that assume that we probably got to some of the larger accounts first, if that's helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Jason. That's a perfect question. I'm not sure that I can do it full justice now. You're right; we're going to make this a key focus of our conversation at the Investor Conference. I think all of your observations are something that I agree with. First of all, is our transcatheter mitral's a big opportunity? Yes, it's a very big opportunity, but it is early, Jason, and I would just caution people to say, it's a little early to be talking about when sales might happen and exactly how big that would be. We really need to get more clinical experience. But as you know, we're very excited about it and we're focused on trying to take a leadership position in that field. Probably one that has less risk from our perspective is the opportunity for indication expansion in aortic. We think that we're only treating the oldest and sickest patients today, and with the marvelous results that we've seen clinicians get with transcatheter valves so far, we really believe that the aortics are a big opportunity in the future, and we're also going to try to bring that to life a little bit more. I would call that a lower risk, more certain long-term opportunity.
Michael A. Mussallem: You know what becomes difficult Larry is when you use the STS database to define the size of the population, you potentially run into a problem because it doesn't speak to about the number of patients that are on the sideline. We're going to try and work to bring that to life. These risk scores don't tell the whole story. And so, that's what I think is misinterpreted. I think it's a fair representation of who gets surgery, but it's not a fair representation of who is out there. And again, we'll try and make this a key focus of the investor conference to get a little deeper on that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we're a little bit ahead of ourselves, Mike. The short answer is, we'll try and be a little bit more clear on the timing when we get to the Investor Conference. So we want to work through our operating plan process internally and be able to say something that we can have some level of confidence in. Know that, our top priority is to get clinical experience and we'd like to think that the CardiAQ Edwards valve is one that we are going to move forward with, for example, towards a CE Mark. But we're not ready to talk you about specific timing yet.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean, there's a fair amount of – it's a really good question, David. And it's hard to know exactly those answers. It's probably more difficult to get at in Europe than it is in the U.S. In the U.S., you have a fair amount of discipline because CMS has an NCD in place, and they basically only reimburse for labels. So I think there is a lot of compliance for people to stay on a high-risk inoperable patient pool. In Europe, we know that physicians sometimes consider age, for example, where that wouldn't necessarily be in risk scores. But bigger picture, we're still just in the oldest and the sickest overall, and I think that there's a big opportunity in intermediate and even beyond intermediate, David, for there to be growth within this field. And again, we'll try and get into it in a higher level of detail.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. Rick. Yeah, I'll tell you what I was trying to do is just provide more clarity if possible. It's too early to signal a trend of what's happening in Europe. Growth continued to be strong. We are in excess of 20% growth in the quarter. But we just tried to provide you with a little bit of color because we normally draw that question in terms of what do we see across the continent. And what we saw, and it was really a small minority of countries, but some of the most penetrated countries the growth rate started to drop, and at the same time in some of the less penetrated countries the growth rate picked up. So it sort of netted out pretty similar to what it's been doing earlier in the year. But it's a phenomenon; it might be a signal that, as comparisons get tougher, things slow down. But we're watching it very closely; probably the next thing, again, we've seen growth move in spurts when intermediate risk would actually come to Europe and that might not happen until 2017. You might think that there would be an uptick in growth at that point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Rick. A good question. Yeah. This whole conversation around the imaging observations are one that, obviously, we watch very closely. We were gratified that the two main societies that have been engaged in heart valves, the American College of Cardiology and the Society of Thoracic Surgeons put out a joint statement, as a matter of fact, just this last Friday. If you haven't seen it, it's posted on their website. That speaks for this issue, and it's a good, solid comforting message for patients that cites the facts that there's a lot of data that supports the use of this technology and their practice should not change until there's more data. And we're certainly committed to study this. So having said that, we, at this point, have not detected any impact on our results in the Transcatheter or Surgical Heart Valve business related to the issue.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I think this even came up during the Town Hall discussion at the TCT, and I think even members of FDA agreed that this wasn't a key concern of theirs as they consider intermediate risk. And that would make some sense, Rick, because we're generating an awful lot of data. Good hard core scientific data that supports the approval of these products.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, David. Well, number one, we would expect to have a conservative FDA when it comes to expanding the indication for Transcatheter Heart Valves. They're going to want to feel that there's good solid data that supports it, and there's not much more scientific rigor than you can get in a randomized study. I think some of the reasons that Larry feels, let's – we ought to pause some before we go to an OPC, is to wait to have our field mature some. If you were to lock in an OPC for example, today, let's say you would have locked that in back when the SAPIEN valve was approved. Then all valves would have been compared to that valve and I'm not sure that would have served the public very well. As our technology matures and gets better, it probably starts moving to a place where it gets a closer to you say, it's at steady state and that's what you should expect from all heart valves. That's why we – Larry, would have said what he did.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. Well, it's tough for me to know exactly what our competitors doing and, since they are sort of off cycle, we're going to learn more about that when they report in another month or two months. But we can say that we're right on track with our SAPIEN 3 rollout. We've been really happy with it. And actually the results for SAPIEN 3 in the U.S. have probably exceeded our expectations. So overall, we're feeling good about things and it hasn't been so much about competitors, it's been our ability to get out there and supply. One thing that I will note that happens as we do a roll-out often what we'll watch our customers do is to do several cases in a row. So rather than if there might have been a customer that might have split their case load, instead they might, for example, do 10 cases in a row and pull it forward. So those are, kind of experiences, and those experiences have been really positive.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think our view is, and obviously this needs to be carefully worked with our clinical investigators and the FDA, but I think our current view is that we would proceed forward immediately with what we have, and that as we're able to add sizes, as we're able to add the Edwards tissue, as we're able to improve the delivery systems that we would cut those in along the way.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's hard to know exactly how many valve and how large that Valve-in-Valve opportunity is. It's relatively small, Raj. It's really important to these patients because they don't have great options, and they're at high-risk for surgery to go through it. So I would very much call that a niche, and wouldn't count on that to be in itself a large driver of growth.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah .I understand your question perfectly, Glenn, and we look at that very carefully. It's difficult for us to put our finger and say exactly what's happening. The data's been a big positive and it's definitely gotten people's attention and we think it's made this valve very popular. And we even had Howie Herrmann from the stage say that this was a preferred option for high-risk patients. I don't know about warehousing patients, but we did see this phenomena that I just spoke about a minute ago, in which when accounts were starting on SAPIEN 3, they would try and do a number of patients in a row. So might they try and do two patients or three patients or four patients within a couple of day period? Yes. Might they try and do 10 in a row to get the sort of their feel for the system and get really comfortable with it. Yes. Could that have had had some impact on our results? It might have, but it's difficult for us to say.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we would expect our Q4 sales in SAPIEN 3 to be larger than our Q3 sales, both for a couple reasons. One is, there is the natural seasonal differences. And the other is, we'll be continuing on our roll-out.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Matt. It's a good question. It's so center specific, it's tough for us to generalize. It is true, we consistently hear this message that their capacity increases. They're able to get more cases done in a day. To be able to give you a good, hard number or an easy modeling numbers is tough for us. It is driven by shorter procedure times and so that just affects people differently. So I'm sorry, I can't give you a more specific answer.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. And Matt, the points that you raised and the questions or the comments by physicians are completely understandable. This valve is often called the forgotten valve and very rarely do people treat a tricuspid valve on an isolated basis even when it is treated, and I think it's around 8,000 times a year today. It's usually accompanied by a treatment of the mitral valve. The question here is, we know that these heart failure patients, lots of them, and I think by our estimate 1.6 million patients also have tricuspid regurgitation, and if you were able to address it, and able to do it in a relatively safe way, could you change the quality of these patients' lives, and that's what's exciting to us. We have certainly physicians and internal folks that could tell you all the clinical reasons why that could and should be true, but the only way we're going to know it for sure is to have clinical experience. What we are encouraged by is in these first few cases, we just so far have only talked about 13 of those, the clinicians are saying, hey, it looks like our patients are feeling better. And so that's what encourages us to keep going and try and learn more, but it is too soon to know how important this might be.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's a good question. Frankly, there's not a lot of data on the answer to your question. We know a lot about the patients that get surgery. We don't know a lot about the patients that are on the sidelines. Closest thing we're able to do is we're able to get patients that get echoed in hospitals, and see how often they're treated, those kind of things. But we don't know how many people are out there that are just simply not being treated either because it's not diagnosed, or their primary care physician just doesn't feel like they should refer or even if they make it to a cardiologist, the cardiologist would say, I don't think I should treat this patient. And so it's a number that's not well-known. We work pretty hard to try and get an estimate there. We'll try and talk about this more at the Investor Conference. There is some relation here that's probably pretty dramatic in the elderly, where, as you get older, the percentage goes up we think markedly and we'll try and bring that to life.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Danielle. It's a good question. It's been handled different ways at different centers. Clearly, they're going to get more capacity. They're getting better at it. They do more procedures per day. They're able to get their patients out of the hospital faster. All of that definitely impacts their capacity. But if they get a real step-up in volume, they have decisions to make on whether they're either going to repurpose some room that they feel is underutilized or whether they're going to build capacity. What's encouraging is that the economics that are associated with transcatheter heart valves are pretty good at most centers and I think it makes it a reasonable investment for them to tackle the capacity expansion.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's a good question, Josh. We will talk about it at the Investor Conference. It doesn't necessarily have to wait for intermediate risk patients. We're feeling pretty confident about intermediate risk patients. We'll have to wait and see what that data looks like. But we're thinking about that now and engaged in dialogue on that very subject right now with physicians and FDA and to see how we might tackle it. But stay tuned. We'll let you know if we have anything more definitive to say in December.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, no, I think your first assumption is right, Josh. You should think about it in terms of being another extension. I think in fact it was a 1,000 patient extension. So our belief is that we will be asking for and get approved by FDA extension of the CAP program and that would continue until we have approval. That's our belief at this point in time.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. Yeah, we continue to think that for these mitral patients that it's likely that you'll need a toolkit, that there won't be a single product that will be the right technology for all patients. And so, we think repair has an important place in the future, and again, it's only clinical data is going to tell us that for sure. The timeframe is a good question. We think that timeframes could be very similar to the replacement timeframes. It depends on how far you are on the development of that technology. But there's no reason to think that it's necessarily either faster or slower.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. Right now, we continue to see that patients are elderly. You saw our intermediate risk data. Here it was, intermediate risk patients, we would have estimated early on that those would have been patients in their 70s. When we get into low-risk patients, they're in their 60s. And here it is our intermediate cohorts and patients are still in their low 80s. I think what we're seeing treated today are largely 80-year-olds and that there is a difference between age and risk, and this is part of what we're trying to understand and we're going to try and get a little different. So stay tuned for December.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We just think – the way things have turned out, Kristen, is it looks like, coincidentally, we will have the results for SAPIEN XT in intermediate patients at two years and then also have the comparison of SAPIEN 3 to SAPIEN XT, and we'll also have those surgical patients and all that data becomes available at the same time. And if it's true, and we expect it to be the case that SAPIEN 3 is as good as SAPIEN XT, then naturally rather than go to an intermediate step, I would think that both we and the regulators would agree that we will go right to SAPIEN 3. So, all the data looks like it's going to come together at the ACC, and so it will be an opportunity to see the data in total, which includes the surgical control, the two-year XT in intermediate patients, and one year comparison of SAPIEN 3 in intermediate patients.
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't know about confident. I mean, overall, I feel good. I think it's very logical. I think SAPIEN 3 has a great track record. You've had a chance to see the data. I think FDA probably feels pretty good about it. I thought they press released it actually when we got our approval a little earlier this year. So I would think that they would say that that would be the right thing to do from a public health perspective.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, our belief is that the data is so strong, Kristen, that we don't expect to have a panel. If we had a panel, that would be an unexpected event that would take more time.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Suraj. I don't have that data available to share with you. I can tell you just based on my understanding of Europe, you have a great disparity in sizes of centers. You have some just mega centers, for example, a number of centers in Germany that are really large, and then there will be other smaller towns and smaller countries that will have smaller centers. I want to say, the number of centers across Europe and Eastern Europe probably must be in the 400 range. But we don't end up using averages very much. We try and find other ways of modeling, just because there's so much differences from center to center.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks. No, we didn't give an update on that. In general, Japan has continued to grow. It's growing sequentially. Obviously, some big growth numbers year-over-year, but you would expect that at this early stage of the launch. We have plans to bring SAPIEN 3 to Japan at some point, although we have not changed – we haven't shared any specifics on it, and we're still the only company approved in Japan. We expect to have our first competitor I think in the not too distant future.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
Scott B. Ullem: Larry, it is close. It's sort of in the middle of that range. It's probably 10% underlying growth for Q4.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Well, let's start with the tax rate. In the third quarter, there was some country profitability mix that helped to keep the tax rate low. And we're going to continue to do everything we can to try to generate lower tax rate, but certainly there's upward pressure as we continue to grow our THV business in the highest tax jurisdiction. And SG&A, yeah, we've got the natural hedges built in, and I think that we're going to continue to see benefit from that as foreign exchange rates, if foreign exchange rates stay where they are today. In terms of gross profit margin, yes, there was some mix shift improvement and we expect that that will continue. In terms of the operating expenses, we have incurred additional operating expenses over the last several quarters. I'd like to think that that abates and we're working really hard on trying to keep operating expenses down as the company grows. But I'm not counting on a lot of improvement on just the manufacturing expenses, because we'll continue to make investments to make sure that we're operating the way we want to be operating.
Scott B. Ullem: Matt, it's Scott. It was pretty consistent. It might have been $1 million more than a year-ago quarter, but really you should think about $40 million, maybe a little bit higher on an annual run rate basis.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah. That's a fair way to model it. A couple of hundred basis point difference in FX contract payouts offset by – partially offset by some mix improvement, which we will expect to continue.
