Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, our strong year-to-date progress reinforces our leadership position and places Edwards on a path to exceed our earlier financial expectations as greater number of patients are served by transcatheter therapies. And we believe we are poised for continued growth as we remain committed to our strategy of transforming patient care with innovative technologies. And with that, I will turn it back over to David.
Mike Mussallem: Larry, right now, we have got all of our focus on the intermediate risk approval. You know we are long-term planners and so we are always looking ahead at things like low risk and this is an item that has much discussion. But at this point, I think it is premature to say that we have a strategy. We will let you know. We will obviously keep you posted on that. But again, given the importance, we are really focused on the intermediate risk right now.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, David. We had signaled that the continued access program was going to help us. That may have added something in the $10 million range to the quarter, but I think your other observations are the bigger one. The ACC data was presented toward the end of Q1 and that really had some significant, probably have some impact in the quarter. It's always tough for us to predict quarter-to-quarter changes but we just continue to see strong market adoption, broadly the same trends that we have seen before. The awareness is still growing and just confirms that there is more of these untreated patients out there. I think even the SAPIEN XT technology still it was driving growth. The hospital economics, we believe, are getting better. We see them adding capacity. And I don't know, maybe these new entrants are actually stimulating some growth as well.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. You are asking a really tough question. Frankly it's very difficult for us to predict the future. But going back to your point, we saw in Europe that when SAPIEN 3 was introduced that there was a step up in therapy adoption. And that that was meaningful. We think it's very possible that that's going to happen in the U.S. Clinician demand is very high. And you can see we obviously upped our estimate for transcatheter heart valve sales in the back half and some of it is because of SAPIEN 3 and that's going to, we think, is largely going to be market growth. Now at the same time, the competition is increasing and there is also an approval that our competitor got, so that's going to work against the other way.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for the questions, David. But we really would like to ask all callers to try and stick to a couple questions.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We think very broadly about structural heart disease and particularly about the mitral valve. And I think we have been pretty open in the past to say that we don't think that there is just going to be one solution for all patients. There probably will be some combination of replacement and repair technologies that will make sense and we really have a strategic imperative for ourselves to be a leader in this space. So we continue to work very closely at repair technologies in addition to replacement ones. And we have some internal programs, but I think that's all we have shared at this point.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Mike. I think what we have tried to indicate here is, we have really nice results in Europe and that's been because the market has been growing. And it does impress us that the market is continuing to grow at this kind of rate. I wish I could tell you that it's one country, Mike, but it really isn't. It's all the countries involved. When a country is as largest Germany, you can imagine it has to grow otherwise the rest of Europe doesn't growth at that rate. So yes, Germany is growing. But no, Germany is not the fastest growing country in Europe. There's several others that are growing faster and all the big countries and the small countries are all showing pretty significant growth. We can go back to the reasons, but it's going to be the ones we have talked about in the past, awareness, clinical, favorable clinical outcomes, the advanced technologies clearly seem to accelerate things and people are seeing good results.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. We are fortunate to have a strong balance sheet and we like that. We think the most important use of our cash is to be able to drive growth in our business and we stay on the outlook. We have a very active program. We call it, our discovery of resources that are out there looking at what's exciting, particularly in the field of structural heart disease. And so we are out there aggressively looking at it. We have got quite a bit going on inside the company, but we will not hesitate to do something like CardiAQ if we see something that we think is attractive and can be meaningful for these structural heart disease patients.
Mike Mussallem: Mike, I don't know what to tell you. We look at those very carefully. It's not like we automatically have a number of deals that we are trying to hit some number, some artificial number. This is based on our assessment of what makes sense. If we saw something good, we would do it and if we don't see anything attractive, we won't do it. And it's that simple. We need to let others go, Mike. So thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. It's a great question, David. Just to contrast, back in the early days, we were pretty proud of our own transcatheter aortic program at the time when we bought it. Even though I think now people look back and say wow, PVT was the leading program. If you ask our internal team, they were pretty proud of what we were doing then as well. So these are always tough cultural moves when you go ahead and do something outside that you have going inside. In the case of CardiAQ, there is a couple of things that we really like. We like their design. We like the fact that it was a different approach than FORTIS, so it gives us another option for how to attach the mitral valve. We also were really attracted to the idea that they had a single valve with multiple delivery systems. We think this can be very helpful when you are going through these long regulatory process and generating clinical data. Once you have that valve data, it oftentimes can be relevant regardless of the delivery approach. And so that's very attractive to us. So those were some of the driving forces behind it. We think the combination of the two companies is a good one. It really is powerful and we like putting it together what it could mean for these patients.
Mike Mussallem: Well, I don't know. I think our experience in transcatheter aortic valve replacements is if you ask patients or doctors, they probably prefer a transfemoral approach over a transapical approach. Transapical has advantages because it's direct and you can have a surgeon really driving it. But in terms of the potential morbidity that's associated with it, it's still is sort of some flavor of surgery. So we think, if you actually could get to a transfemoral transseptal delivery that would be considered least invasive and preferred if you could deliver it. Now that's technically very challenging and it's one of the hurdles to clear.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks Jason. Yes. I mean we have gotten this question in the past and your assumption is correct. The growth is coming from existing centers. Yes, we added some centers, but that really isn't the driving force behind it. We find that particularly as the new technology gets introduced and the clinicians get more experienced, they are able to do procedures faster and still have a very high level of quality. And that just adds capacity to the system. That's probably the single biggest fact. So in the same time frame that they used to do one procedure, now maybe they are doing one-and-a-half or two. And so you really get a lift. And we wonder what SAPIEN 3 will do. Our experience says that that tends to be a case that goes a little faster even than XT. So it probably introduces some capacity into the system.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks Jason. Yes, I would say most of that is being driven at the center level. We try and be helpful to them, but a lot of it is their own initiative and their own drive and we are consistently impressed with the heart teams that are out there educating their referral base and know that process just doesn't happen overnight. But I think we are seeing the effects of their commitment.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Jason. And again, guys. I know everybody has questions. We would like the people to hold it to two. So the contemporary data sets continue to show that the average age is above 80 and that these patients have numerous risk factors. So high-risk patients are being treated based on their EuroSCORE as well as their physician judgment that are taken into account. And so they kind of use a combination of age and frailty and comorbidities in Europe, when they are making these decisions. We just continue to see patients come off the sidelines and I guess the other indicator, Jason, is that our surgical heart valve business continues to grow very nicely. So we don't think it really is cannibalization of surgery.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Joanne. Yes, in Europe we are clearly seeing a competition increase. I would say, Edwards broadly, probably has a share gain versus last year. But we probably have taken some impact on a sequential quarter. We have Medtronic Evolut R is out there and they are gaming a little bit of attraction. We see the BSX Lotus Valve that is going to have some new sizes later in the year. They have probably gained a little share. A little bit of Symetis. So we are seeing all the players probably step up a little bit. The market share of the five smaller players probably has bumped up over the 10% level, Joanne. So it's something like that. We are continuing, in the eyes of our people, to drive a substantial price premium, maybe in the neighborhood of 20% in Europe. So that's that. On the ramp of SAPIEN 3 in the U.S., what we have said basically is that we will be ramping up. The approval clearly came earlier than we thought. We have gotten it launched at this point. So we are off and running. We are pleased of doing that. But we are having to walk through our accounts. We have a pretty high level of confidence that we are going to have completed here before the end of the year. And so far things are tracking right on our plans.
Mike Mussallem: Well, I mean the short answer is, we have long-term aspirations to be the leader. We prefer to go first. We feel like we have a chance to have more influence and voice in the way that the regulators evaluate the technology and the way they view it. And also get a chance to be close partner with the clinicians that are engaged. So we like going early in that. That's a valuable factor to us, strategically.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I am probably not going to help you very much, Raj, with that. Unfortunately, the way this has turned out, we announced this here before we actually have closed the transaction. And so we are just not in a position today to give detailed guidance on what it is going to mean until after the transaction closes and we get a chance to integrate those teams. You can imagine, the approach we are going to take is, we are going to try and move quickly, but we are also going to put a lot of focus on having high quality clinical studies. And so those will be factors that we will work through very carefully. But when we have something a little bit more definitive, we will be will be sharing that with you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. They are good questions. In the short term, we have seen in the past that hospitals have a tough time immediately responding to a capacity increase. That's why we think rarely in these kind rollouts, will we see a step function. They are more likely to be ramps. I think we believe that hospitals can overcome those capacity constraints. And there is a number ways that they do it. One is the procedures just take less time. So maybe in the same day when they use to get two procedures or three procedures done, they are getting four or five done. So you get a real boost on that. They can add additional teams. Sometimes actually the teams don't have to be quite as big as they used to be in the past as experience is gained. And so, we find that the SAPIEN 3 centers have a chance to really have a substantial capacity increase compared to XT. And so that's probably the single biggest factor, Danielle.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Just to recap. We didn't have any SAPIEN 3 in Q2. And that's just started here in Q3. And I have tried to describe the ramp the best I could. In terms of Evolut R, they appear to be ramping as well. We don't see a real aggressive step function there. And so they are also ramping up in the quarter. There is nothing particularly noteworthy to share there, Danielle, I don't know that the competitive dynamic has been the real driver in terms of our own goals.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So the SAPIEN 3 one-year is, I would say, the high risk cohort. It's probably likely around TCT. We think that would be pretty good. I would say, your assumption about ACC for the P2A intermediate risk is probably a decent and safe assumption. But again, we are speculating. We don't have complete control over that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Again the indication in Europe is still high risk. And that's also the indication in the U.S. Longer-term, you have a pretty good understanding probably of what would drive intermediate risk in the U.S. and you know that largely is also going to be controlled by the NCD. And we wouldn't be surprised of that same data set for intermediate risk patients have some impact in Europe. Now having said that, what's surprising, so I call your attention to is that these intermediate risk patients, they are pretty elderly patients. We are continuing to see them at age greater than 80 and all that intermediate risk is in the assumptions that we gave when we gave market size. Now I agree, things have changed since last year, but last year at the December Investor Conference, we said, hey we think it's going to be more than $3 billion market by 2019. And that included our assumptions for intermediate risk at the time.
Mike Mussallem: No. I wouldn't call it indication creep. I tried to address it somewhat before. I think that when physicians assess, they are clearly looking at high risk patients, but they also integrate physician judgment and age and frailty and comorbidities when they do it. They are not sort of slaves to the EuroSCORE, if you will, because the definition of risk seems to be changing. Remember, that was a broad surgical definition. And now that TAVR is here, they are probably reassessing how they think about risk.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Yes, I will start with the easier one, probably and then even that is difficult to assess. Probably in the U.S., we think we are probably converging on a number that looks something like 400 centers that could meet the NCD based on the way that it exists today. Our latest update on how big we think the overall market is that it's larger than $3 billion by 2019. We watch that obviously very carefully and constantly update things but probably won't have an updated look at that until we get to our Investor Conference in December.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Yes, what you are saying here, clearly when you say it's not going up, you are seeing the impact of foreign exchange, which was dramatic on currencies like the Euro and the Yen. In fact, an I think we tried pretty much to report what the growth rates are. For example, in Europe, we said, hey, we believe procedure growth was around 25% and we grew somewhere in line with that. And I think that probably wasn't much different last quarter or the quarter before. So we have been probably clocking along at that 20% to 25% in Europe. And Japan is coming off a very small base. The growth rate is even higher. But probably your better benchmark is what's happening in Europe.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for your question, Matt. Japan is still ramping. So that's still going up there. I would say relatively immature. They are only a little bit more of a year into it. And I think it's going to probably take several years before they really max out. So there will be centers that get added there. And even the centers that are added are not near their capacity. In Europe, probably most of the centers exist. I know it must be in the 350 plus range of centers that exists in Europe and I think the big ones are already in place. The emerging markets are a big opportunity in the future. Again there really, it's not approved yet in China. Just approved here in the last quarter or so in India. So those big, emerging markets are just at the very front end of it. And we probably don't have enough intelligence to say how fast that's really going to take off.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I think, basically our reports are coming from our field team and they basically are saying yes, it clearly is across-the-board and it's probably at least 20%, sometimes even more than that. And yes, you will see the difference that people will sometimes try and compensate for the difference in clinical results with price. And so it happens, but our pricing has stayed pretty stable.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We said likely that we would see at TCT. But it's too early to say. But yes, that's our thought. We are talking about SAPIEN 3 high risk, right, that's in the PARTNER 2 trial.
Mike Mussallem: More likely the intermediate risk, that's right, would be at ACC. But again, too early for us to be definitive.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thank you all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
Scott Ullem: Hi, Larry, it's Scott. Thanks for the question. The $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion range is still the right number to assume. Again, there is FX running through the dollar range and the underlying growth rate range is the one that we raised for THV.
Scott Ullem: Well, first of all, the acquisition hasn't closed yet. And so it depends on when the acquisition is going to close, but it will really show up in the P&L principally on the R&D line and the net impact to earnings per share is probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.02 or $0.03 per quarter.
Scott Ullem: We did not give either one of those. If you recall back, just on the Medtronic royalties, we had a partial quarter. You remember the minimum is running around $10 million. I think we have probably on the order $5 million last year. So we had about $5 million bump this year. We just said Japan stepped up sequentially.
Scott Ullem: Well, keep in mind, the reason the dollar amount of SG&A was down was principally because of FX. So we are translating our oUS SG&A at lower rates and that helps. But it also came in exactly, we were pretty close to actually to where we thought it was going to be. And I think our guidance for the year is still the right kind of guidance. Longer-term, absolutely we are really looking at SG&A in particular, as an area where we can get leverage out of the P&L as our business continues to grow.
Scott Ullem: It's a little early for us to give you much advice other than what we said last quarter, where there is a 200 to 250 basis points range of foreign exchange hedging contracts that are flowing through the P&L this year. And so that maybe the guideline for what may flow through the P&L next year, although again, we have got contracts that will mature. We are putting them on every month. They go about a year out. So it's tough to be more predictive than that.
Scott Ullem: Thanks, Kristen. There have been significant manufacturing related expenses flowing to the P&L and a lot of those will continue to flow through in 2016. There were some, I will call it one-time expenses, this quarter. It was a minor part of the overall increase in manufacturing expenses. So there is going to be a fair bit that flows into 2016.
Scott Ullem: It's too early to really get in detail. What I can tell you it some of the one-timers in the second quarter are really relating to ramping up production. And so as we are trying to get transition over to SAPIEN 3, there are incremental expenses relating to training or occurring some over time. And then we have got ongoing investments or manufacturing quality systems. So again, some of that is going to be one-time, but a good chunk of it is, probably more than half I would say, if going to flow into 2016.
