Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Raya. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released its second quarter 2019 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss the results included in the press release and accompanied financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations.These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com.Finally, a quick reminder that when using terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures, otherwise they are referring to GAAP results. Additional information about the use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and available at edwards.com.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Mike. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many questions as possible during the remainder of the call.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Scott and thank you all for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call, which include underlying sales and growth rates as well as amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can be found in the Investor Relations section of the website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use the conference ID number 13691682. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of the Edwards Lifesciences website. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We're very pleased with our strong performance in the first half of 2019. As patients and clinicians increasingly understand the significant benefits of transcatheter-based technologies supported by the substantial body of compelling evidence, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity. Our foundation of leadership, combined with a robust product pipeline, positions us well for continued success.And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: There were multiple factors that probably contributed to the growth in Q2 and it's pretty hard for us to isolate each one. I'll remind you, there has been high variability in the past quarter to quarter. It just has not been uncommon in TAVR. Recall the Q1 growth rate was lower than the recent past and the second quarter here was certainly higher. You look at the first half in total and it was around 14% back in the mid-teens, but it was quite a difference between quarters and there could have been some seasonality associated with it.But to add to that. I mean, to be fair, we believe that the growth might have been stimulated globally just by the increased confidence in the therapy, following the strong PARTNER 3 clinical trial results. It could have had several influences. There was a lot of awareness and publicity that could have encouraged treatment. It's possible that there's some borderline patients that receive TAVR. There was a minor increase and more cap. But what we are encouraged by particular, Bob, was that was broad based growth across the globe and that even in the US, it was in both large and lower volume centers.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So we weren't really focused on the numbers this quarter. Our early commercial experience, we just stayed focused on physician training, procedural success and just trying to get great outcomes for patients. The procedures did actually increase quite a bit over Q2 and it's possible that some of the Q1 sales actually was consumed in Q2. But we're pleased with the kind of feedback that we've gotten on PASCAL and we remain confident in achieving the $40 million guidance.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, we think it's premature. As you're well aware here, we've decided to discontinue the CENTERA program, so that won't be a driver of growth. We know that Boston Scientific is in the process of launching and we expect that to have some impact. So those are going to be some headwinds. And so we feel pretty good about where we guided things, David.
Mike Mussallem: It's always difficult for us to estimate market growth, but we assume that we -- that the growth in procedures overall and our growth was quite comparable. As it relates to Boston, it appears that they're executing a disciplined launch and that they're focusing on training and we expect them to get more active in the coming months. But we remain confident in our guidance.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for that Vijay and I can understand how you do that analysis. But when you do the sequential look of Q1 versus Q2, we certainly expected Q2 to be stronger than Q1 from a growth rate perspective. The way it turned out -- Q1, we think turned out surprisingly low and there may be some reasons behind it that we don't fully understand that has to do with seasonality in the way the calendar fell. Q2 turned out to be even stronger. So I would caution you not to expect that kind of sequential growth on a routine basis. And so when we lay out the back half of the year, as I said, we would expect to get the approval sometime in Q3 and remember that Q3 is traditionally our slowest seasonal quarter as it is for our customers. And I mentioned without CENTERA and with Boston Scientific launching, we think that our guidance is in the appropriate place.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, so Cardioband supply situation has improved. It was used in both the mitral and the tricuspid position, actually more tricuspid this last quarter. And so we're pleased to see that supply situation get better, so that we can allow some of our operators to really get in -- get to come down the learning curve and apply that on a regular basis. Yeah.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. What we expressed is, we're getting a lot of favorable feedback on the SAPIEN 3 Ultra valve itself and the way that that valve is performing. But we are seeing many clinicians also express a preference for aspects of the SAPIEN 3 delivery system. So we're working to incorporate those into the Ultra system. Ultimately, we think that that will have impact on the balloon issue. The balloon issue, we identified some factors that were associated with that and actually there has been less of that that have occurred with this SAPIEN 3 delivery systems. So we expect that to be a real enhancement in that regard.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, so we do think that OUS procedure growth did pick up in the second quarter. And, you did hear correctly that we feel like our growth was comparable with the market. So we didn't really see a share shift in our minds either last quarter or this quarter. And this is true year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Now exactly why it picked up is a little difficult to say. Our team would say that there was probably some positive influence that came from the PARTNER 3 news that came in the end of Q1.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. So that stays in place until there is an approval. The cap program in the second quarter generated a little more than the first quarter, but it was pretty small. It was minor. I want to say something maybe in the 10% improvement. So I think maybe a couple of million dollars.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, we are doing patients with both systems. We've been really pleased with the feedback on both systems. We have, at this point, decided that we are going to initiate the SAPIEN M3 clinical trial before the end of the year. One of the reasons that we feel comfortable going first with that is because we have literally thousands of patients in which the SAPIEN valve has been used in the mitral position. So it gives us an opportunity to start there, but we don't mean to send a signal that we're not excited about the EVOQUE platform. We also feel great SAPIEN M3 is going to go first.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. So I mean, this was a really remarkably level quarter for us in that we experienced double-digit growth really around the globe, and that was driven by TAVR. In Europe, in particular, what we have seen is that the less penetrated countries continue to grow faster than the more penetrated countries, but there is still ways to go. Europe is influenced to some extent by its reimbursement programs and so that's the key element of this. But I think, you said that there was already low risk in Europe. Actually, there is no low risk approval at the EU level that will probably come in 2020. But we do think that there were some influence from the PARTNER 3 data that appeared at the end of Q1 and that probably had some impact on the treatment of patients in the quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, the growth rate in Japan has been nice and we've been pleased with that. But we are not pleased at all with the treatment rates in Japan. Given the large elderly population there, we would expect TAVR penetration to be much higher at this stage of the game and we believe that one of the reasons it's not higher is because it's really been limited in terms of the way their system has allowed centers to start up and that there should be more centers and the centers that are doing it should probably be doing more procedures. So we still have our work to do to make sure that proper policies are put in place and we are applying energy to do that. So although, Japan is nice, it's still a big opportunity for patients to be treated at a much higher rate.
Mike Mussallem: So early on here, we've really put a premium on making sure that the training was very well done that we have great procedural success that patients had great outcomes and that's been job one for us. It really hasn't been so much about the numbers. We've gotten a lot of great feedback. We saw the number of procedures really accelerate in Q2 and we are indeed adding centers in Europe during Q3 and Q4. So, you can tell from our projection that we expect to do around $40 million in 2019. And that's going to be primarily from PASCAL. So I think it kind of speaks for itself in terms of what we think the adoption rate will be.
Mike Mussallem: You're right, a lot of this was headlined -- the incredible body of evidence that exists on SAPIEN platform and SAPIEN 3 in particular and the way it performed in the PARTNER 3 data has just given us a lot of confidence and it's also placed a very high bar in terms of how systems need to perform. And although we are really pleased and excited about CENTERA, there is a number of clinicians as well and that valve performed well. The way that valve delivers didn't work as well in all anatomies as we would have liked. So it would have required us to make some enhancements to delivery system.And at the same time, remember the CENTERA trial we're involved in now would only give us an intermediate risk indication that we would have to continue to do trials. So when we put that altogether and thought about where we're going to apply the resources of our team and how much confidence we have in the existing platform and how excited we are on future platforms, it was a tough decision, but we made it and decided that we're going to focus our resources on the next generations as well as the excitement we have around our existing platforms.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So a few things, one is PASCAL is really kind of going first on the repair side. So we are pleased, now we already had a program that was focused on these primary or degenerative patients and to be able to launch a pivotal trial for the functional or secondary patients we're excited about, because that's a significant group of patients that we're looking forward to treat.On the tricuspid side, after a lot of deliberation, we decided that our first tricuspid trial should be done with PASCAL. So we made that call. You also heard that we decided and made the tough decision to discontinue the work that we have on FORMA. And so that one, we're in discussions with FDA in terms of what that trial design would look like. And so hopefully that gives you a sense, and at the same time, I think we just explained where we are on the mitral replacement with M3 going into a clinical trial late this year.
Mike Mussallem: I understand the confusion and I wish I could point you to one thing that really drove this and I know this call feels a little bit like a birthday party, but it is -- there are a bunch of serious issues in here. We think that there was just plain variability between the first quarter and the second quarter. We believe that all of this data that was presented at the end of Q1 generated a lot of buzz, a lot of excitement and that people started moving through the system. We know that people don't move through the system that fast.And so oftentimes, we think it could take 90 or 120 days, even more for people to move through it. So how much could have gotten stimulated and move in Q2 is a question mark. So again, we don't think it's about cap. We don't think there were a significant number of low risk patients that were treated in the quarter. We really think that it was just the stimulation of the overall number of TAVR procedures.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, it's a good question. So you know that Q3 is a seasonably slow quarter for our customers. And so that kind of goes without saying, it wasn't so long ago, I'll remind you, back in 2016, after we got the approval that Q3 was lower growth than Q2 and I'm not sure we fully explained exactly why that was the case, but it happened. And so it causes us to just stay thoughtful and moderate about what our expectations are. We expect to have approval. But again, if the approval does come, it’s probably likely to come during one of the slowest times of the year.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks for the question. I understand where you're coming from, Josh. So what happens usually as we go through questions back and forth with FDA and you can usually tell when the questions are winding down or when they're coming down to the final questions. And so it makes us feel we're pretty close. One of the things that's not clear is whether our approval would come at the same time or whether the FDA might choose to move two competitors at the same time could be a factor. So we're saying based on everything we know probably Q3, but we just can't be any more specific than that.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, I'll just remind the audience that bicuspid is not contraindicated today and we do not expect it to be contraindicated in the label or in the future. You saw Raj Makkar's data, which was quite encouraging. So I'm not sure it's going to be much of a competitive dynamic going forward. We feel comfortable that it will be treated in the future much like it is today.
Mike Mussallem: So we've been enrolling for a while. It's proceeding largely as planned. We're continuing to activate more centers. I don't think we have anything more to share on that. We really haven't laid out what we think it's going to take us. This is the first time that we've been engaged in a mitral transcatheter trial just like this. But it is going largely as we planned.
Mike Mussallem: So this is really going to be new for these patients. Today, they don't have very much options. One of the reasons that we're enthused as clinicians are enthused and they say, we really could use a transcatheter option to be able to help these patients. As we mentioned earlier on the call, we actually have done three early feasibility studies in the tricuspid position and even though each of those systems behave differently, we've consistently heard back that patients really get an improvement in their quality of life following that. Now of course that's anecdotal we need to do that in a high-quality fashion. We really have not defined the clinical trial at this point. We're working with FDA at this point, but it's going to be some kind of a trial that actually compares it to medical management probably. And so it will be back fundamental.
Mike Mussallem: So, we often think that the primary risk that have faced severe aortic stenosis patients is not the treatment complications, but the risk of not receiving treatment at all and we really commend CMS for a thoughtful approach that I think really is going to modernize the requirements and it will be more streamlined for patients. We know that there are a number of centers that are anxious to open TAVR programs and when we look ahead, we say it's reasonable to estimate that approximately 200 new sites could achieve eligibility to initiate a TAVR program by the end of 2020.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We don't know this for sure, but based on our past experience, we think new centers often mean new patients. We think that often patients are trapped in the referral pathways and don't necessarily get referred out to other larger centers. So we think it is going to be additive. But overall, remember that we have an estimate that the overall opportunity is going to grow to $7 billion by 2024, which infers a pretty significant growth rate between now and then. And we think that's all part of it. The NCD kind of turned out the way we had hoped it would turn out and had planned for it to turn out. So not really outside of our existing guidance.
Mike Mussallem: I appreciate the favorable comments. You know what, we just don't have anything quantifiable. What we hear back is pretty anecdotal. So I really can't track it for you. The borderline patients we don't think was the majority, we think it was a factor. But we just think that for whatever reason, there was an acceleration. So we track what's going on in age, but that generally lags by a quarter or two. So we don't have a really clear handle on that at this time.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We think some of the healthcare systems in Europe aren't fully prepared to pay for the quality and value that goes along with therapies like TAVR. Actually, I think when you compare with the value that it adds to the system, what it would cost to add a quality year of life and so forth, TAVR compares wonderfully with so many other therapies. We need to do a better job of influencing the policy makers about the importance of this therapy and that's really what's key for us. We can understand why physicians are in a tough place, they have to live within the existing reimbursement system, but we think in some cases, they don't fully reflect the value of the technology. That's our job to do.
Mike Mussallem: So, I don't know the number of Ultra in the US. It's a small number. We were further along in Europe. We didn't give a projection of how far we were going to be overall, we did say that we thought it would account for the majority of procedures in Europe, before the end of the year and that ultimately we think that the Ultra system will replace SAPIEN 3 in all geographies.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We think that's pretty, it's pretty negligible. CENTERA would have been a more expensive system to make, but Ultra is comparable to the SAPIEN 3.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. All right. Well thank you everybody for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark and I, welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, now back to you, Mark.
