Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Well, despite ongoing procedure headwinds associated with the pandemic, we're pleased with our year-to-date performance, which includes strong progress on strategic milestones. We believe hospital staffing constraints will gradually improve and are committed to aggressively investing in our focused innovation strategy for the broad group of patients still suffering from structural heart disease. We remain confident that the innovative therapies resulting from our investments will allow us to treat more patients and continue to drive strong organic growth in the years to come. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I'd just briefly just go through the portfolio. I mean, we feel like the business -- we don't talk about very much like Surgical and Critical Care are strong and are going to continue to deliver. We're going to see catalysts coming from TMTT as we see a lift coming from the introduction of PRECISION next year. And then TAVR, even though we're suffering right now from some staffing shortages, we think those are going to get gradually better. And I expect solid performance. I mean, we're not kidding when we say we still believe that there's a $10 billion opportunity in 2028. We're highly confident in that, and I think we're on a path to achieve it.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So let me kick it off, Robbie, and then I'll turn to Larry and Daveen to supplement the answer. So actually, the TAVR procedures, we believe grew faster than the Surgical procedures, if you look at what the market did in the quarter. When you look at Edwards itself, it looks like the Surgical business was growing faster, but that's more Edwards-specific performance rather than what was going on in the underlying market. So I think we have to be a little cautious. Daveen, do you want to add anything from a surgical perspective? And then we'll kick it over to Larry.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. And Robbie, just to quickly comment on Japan. Yes, the total impact in the shortfall was only from COVID. COVID hit hard. I don't know how close you were to how hard it hit in Japan, but it is hard. And we are doing great in Japan, and we continue to do great in Japan. But we really felt the impact of that. It was probably worse towards the middle of the quarter, and it started getting better. So it's -- the wave is kind of passing now, if you will. So it's not continuing. But when it hit, it hit in a pretty significant way.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I guess we need to check the numbers. I don't know that low single makes sense to me, Vijay. But nonetheless, let's just get into what's there, and I'll turn it over to Larry here in a second. But yes, indeed, we saw a great variance across the country in terms of how hospitals have been performing. And Larry could probably give us some color on that. But we saw some centers that were really growing significantly. We mentioned how many had double-digit growth and other centers that just weren't growing at all. But Larry, why don't you get into that a little bit.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Why don't I start, Rick, and have Larry jump in. Yes, in the early days of the pandemic, I really do think it scared patients away from engaging in the system and getting treated. I think for the most part, we're in a different place now where the AS patients actually, they want to be treated. They're willing to go into the system, but they're just finding the system grinding along slowly. And they're being pushed off, and they're being postponed. And it's a multistep process. Maybe Larry, you can get a little bit deeper on that.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Yes, I can start. It's quite -- it's really a mixed bag, Pito. But Larry, you want to make a few comments and [indiscernible]
Michael Mussallem: But having said all those things that I know sound it all sounds pretty negative. You also have great big German centers with dedicated KOLs who are really good and really motivated. They're truly global leaders and key opinion leaders. These guys are just cranking. They're just going. We probably see more energy out of them than we've ever seen in the past.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. So we'll start out by talking about precision in Europe. And then we'll also comment on your question regarding the trials. So Bernard, do you want to...
Michael Mussallem: And the other question was there any update related to the PASCAL TR or the functional patients that are being studied with PASCAL.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We actually expect more procedures, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. in the fourth quarter.
Michael Mussallem: The procedures will certainly be up. We're not prepared to predict the [indiscernible] foreign exchange.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, we had an inflated gross margin this year because of the impact of hedge contracts, and that will largely go away.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and the IR team and I certainly welcome any additional questions by telephone. Thanks so much.
Scott Ullem: So Larry, it's Scott. Why don't I start with the financial piece of that and then turn it over to Mike to talk about some of the strategic things that we expect in 2023. Financially, we haven't gotten into the quarter-by-quarter FX impact or growth rates. Typically, we don't give guidance, as you know, for the next year until our investor conference. We'll give you more details then. But just we thought it was helpful because FX has been such an impact this year, and it will continue to fall over the next year that will help quantify what the top line impact will be, which we think is near what is going to be this year.  So this year, we're at like 5% of sales and about $270 million. We think maybe it gets near to that at current rates, when we forecast for 2023, but we don't have the quarter-by-quarter breakout yet. Mike, do you want to talk about next years...
Scott Ullem: Yes. Thanks for the question, Robbie. Part of this was operating with a healthy sense of discipline about making sure we're running the company efficiently. But a lot of it was just the benefit of expenses that we incur overseas that translate into lower U.S. dollars.
Scott Ullem: Well, you're right. We have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. It gives us flexibility to invest for future growth. And so part of that is building additional physical infrastructure, supporting plant production capacity. Part of it is making sure that we're -- ability that we're able to fund external growth. And then yes, we're going to continue to buy back shares. And we've done accelerated share repurchases, including earlier this year. In total this year, it's been our biggest share repurchase year ever at over $800 million.  And so the only good thing about the stock price haven't been under pressure this year is it's given us a chance to go buy in shares, and we think that, that's going to be a great long-term investment. We're going to continue to look for opportunities to do that.
Scott Ullem: I'll start. Part of what we're experiencing is continuing foreign exchange headwinds. And so the $850 million incorporates sales from outside of the U.S. and in the U.S. And outside of the U.S., you've seen the euro and the yen just get weaker and weaker during the course of the year. And so that's part of what's hitting us in the fourth quarter.
Scott Ullem: Yes. And again, I'm going to have to ask you to hold off for the detail on the ticking and tying until we get to New York on December 8. But we wanted to at least help you on modeling the top line and the gross margin. So top line, we're expecting, as we mentioned, similar headwinds to what we've seen this year. So call it over $200 million in headwinds. We had $270 million this year. And then you add to that lower gross margin. So we go down about 250 basis points from where we expect the full year this year, which would take you to 77.5% just from a modeling perspective.  So the combination of those 2 things, flowing down the P&L should get you to at least a preliminary range of what to expect earnings per share. And like I said, we'll talk more about [indiscernible]
Scott Ullem: Rich, we assumed it in our guidance. And so there is an appropriate amount of expectation, and I guess, conservatism that we are expecting continuing headwinds from respiratory illnesses, whether it's COVID or flu or something in between, we expect that that's going to continue to play a factor in the fourth quarter and into 2023.
Scott Ullem: You are thinking about that right. Some of what we're seeing -- a lot of what we're seeing in 2023 is what we would have otherwise incurred in 2022. And similarly, we're going to see some FX benefit in the first part of there will then be a headwind in 2024.
Scott Ullem: Yes, assumes current rate, exactly. I just want to clarify one thing. It's a 250 basis point headwind to gross margin, it's nearly a 5 percentage point headwind on the top line.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. Just a small thing. Obviously, any study, any trial has different design. Some are comparing devices together, some are comparing a device to medical treatment. So obviously, it is not as easy as taking what we did for IID and applying that to the other studies.
Bernard Zovighian: Okay. So maybe let me start with the U.S. We are obviously very pleased about having an early approval with PASCAL in the U.S. We are executing our plan, which is training and expanding our field organization. We already started to train some physicians. We are negotiating some hospital contracts. We have done some few cases in the U.S. with great patient outcome. And you know that for us, it is our #1 objective. So -- and we are initially focusing on the site that we are part of the clinical trial with us. So that's basically where we are in the U.S.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, correct, Mike. We have seen a spike in COVID wave in -- specifically in Germany, mainly in October, late September, in October. So we don't know yet how it is going to resolve. Is it going to be an acute, only October? Is it going to get better in November? That's yet to be seen.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So we began the conversion of center from PASCAL to the PASCAL PRECISION system and initial feedback from physician is very positive. And by the way, we got a great clinical outcome, patient outcome. So the physician appreciated the ease of use, the navigation improvement that the new system is bringing. So this year, we are very excited about it, even though we are at the beginning of it. So we see a lot of promise from this innovation with [indiscernible] devices. So that's [indiscernible]
Bernard Zovighian: So the two -- we are continuing the [indiscernible] of these 2 pivotal studies with Class IID having completed enrollment. We believe that the sites are going to put more focus on these 2 remaining trials, but we are continuing. It is going well. And I am going to provide you a little bit more update here during the investor conference.
Bernard Zovighian: So as you know, this MDR process is a new process. And like everyone, we are navigating this new process. And this new process is uncertain, specifically for breakthrough therapies like EVOQUE. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of EVOQUE. At London Valve, you are going to see additional data with more patients, longer follow-up. And so very much looking for this one. So for sure, disappointed by not being able to have an approval this year. But we are very excited about the promise of this technology. We are working very closely with our notified body, answering questions. And so we are very much looking forward to bring this important therapy to patients who have no options today.
Bernard Zovighian: Absolutely. You can expect to see additional data, more patients, more follow-up starting as early as next year.
Larry Wood: Yes. This is Larry. As it relates to TAVR, there's more upfront work that has to happen with a TAVR patient than a surgical patient, both in terms of the imaging that has to be done, you have to do a CT for sizing. Oftentimes, you need to do angiograms to screen out for coronary disease so that you can do all of your TAVR case planning. So there's typically more workup that has to be done for a surgical patient. And so when we talk about staffing issues, a staffing issue at any link in the chain can cause patients to move a little bit slower through the system and take a little longer to recover.  So I think that's one of the differences we see. But as Mike said, procedures grew faster than surgery. So it's -- and a lot of the growth drivers in surgery, I think, go beyond aortic procedures.
Larry Wood: Yes. When we looked across the country, I think anywhere we go and anybody we talk to, they talk about staffing challenges. And I think that's pretty consistent across the country. But clearly, it seems to be impacting certain areas of the country more than others. I mean, just anecdotally, [indiscernible] centers in Texas in the middle of the country that were growing very, very well. And some of our big programs and more of the urban areas, the population density areas. They were a little bit flatter. And so we do see big differences, but it actually -- it encourages me that as these things start to wane, the patients are there. And I think, again, anecdotally, we hear backlogs continue to grow, but I think there's still some challenges in working through these staffing issues.
Larry Wood: Yes. Thanks, Josh. There's -- just because of the nature of the trials and the 2-year end points that we have on these trials, they're not really big contributors to those numbers. And what drives those numbers is we still have only about 1 out of 10 patients with aortic stenosis that are getting treated in the U.S. And if you look at the penetration rates, outside the U.S., they're much smaller than that. I mean, in a lot of Rest of World places, they're just really just getting started and Japan is very undertreated.  So I think it's just a matter of getting through some of this COVID lag that we've had, getting some of the staffing a little bit healthier. And then I think it's going to return back to normal. I sort of see the indication expansion as being things that give us legs beyond the $10 billion.
Larry Wood: Sure. Well, we're very fortunate that our Surgical business has built a great brand around RESILIA, and we get to follow that all of the brand work that they've been able to do. And so when you look at the Surgical side in [indiscernible], I think the leading heart valve in the world now, and that's largely based on the RESILIA tissue and how receptive people have been to the benefits that it brings. For SAPIEN 3 UR, that approval came a little bit earlier than we expected. We're super excited to add it to our SAPIEN platform.  We're really just getting started in the launch. We have to scale up inventory and do some of the other things we need to do. But I think people are excited about it. And we are going for a price premium on that. We've increased our list price by about $1,500. Now people get rebates, and there's different things around the country. So I don't know that I would model that in for everything. But I expect this is going to be a popular platform, but it's going to take us a while to get it all rolled out.
Larry Wood: Yes. I think it's important to remember, I mean, the patients are out there and they need to be treated. And the physicians are still very, very motivated to get these patients treated. And so they're frustrated as anybody else is. And I think hospitals are incentivized for doing procedures, not for not treating people. So I think everybody wants to get the situation resolved. I just think as hospitals have added staff, one of the first things they try to do, as Mike mentioned, is use the new staff to replace the traveling nurses to try to help out their own P&Ls.  And so that's maybe why we haven't seen as much lift from the staffing, but hospitals are working super hard on this to get this resolved. It's going to take time because you can't just create nurses from scratch quickly, but people are working really hard on getting this into a better place.
Larry Wood: Sure. Yes. I think referrals are increasing. I mean, what we hear anecdotally is that backlogs are growing at hospitals, which would seem to indicate patients are still getting referred at least from what we hear from the physicians that we talk to. So I think that part of the system is starting to get better. But as I talked about earlier, there's just a multiple set of tests and screening and imaging that patients have to do before they get their TAVR. And I just don't think that system has come back to full health yet.  But I think we certainly have heard from centers that have said they kind of have to juggle patients with the more sick patients moving up the waiting list and then pushing the less sick patients down a little bit. But again, hopefully, this improves with time as staffing gets back to normalcy.
Larry Wood: It really is a mixed bag. I mean certainly, some of those centers are sort of more flattish. But we also have some of those big centers that are growing actually really well. So it's just really, really hard to generalize or to make broad overreaching comments. But as we said before, probably about half of our centers were growing in double digits. And -- but I think bigger centers maybe start a little bit more than some of the smaller centers. But again, I have big centers that are growing well. I have small centers that aren't growing. So these are just sort of some general comments.
Larry Wood: Yes. I think generally speaking, Q3 in Europe is always a little bit tougher because we have the seasonality that we typically see with holiday vacations and those sorts of things. But we certainly have seen some challenges there, but I would say the staffing issues are a little bit more scattered there than they are in the U.S. just more widespread.
Larry Wood: All right. This is Larry. So as it relates to ALLIANCE and PROGRESS, we just really got those trials going this year. And we have seen an acceleration in enrollment, which is really encouraging for us to get these trials moving forward. And given the overall environment, you worry that clinical trials just really add on, and it's a little bit counterintuitive, but our trials are actually starting to enroll at accelerated rates. And so we're very encouraged by that. And I think people are excited about the X4 platform.  And I think the moderate AS trial is potentially a groundbreaking trial in terms of how we think about this disease and what is the optimal way to treat it. And I think there's just been a lot of engagement from the physicians to study that in a rigorous randomized trial.
