Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We're very pleased with the strong start to the year and we – as we continue to focus on driving growth with our leading innovative technologies. Our foundation of leadership coupled with our robust product pipeline positions us well for continued long-term success and greater shareholder value. We are confident in our outlook for continued strong sales growth and we remain passionate about helping more patients around the world. And with that, I'll turn it over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We're – thanks for that, Jason. We're pleased with our position today. We already have a very strong competitive position, and we're looking forward to actually have SAPIEN 3 add to that strength. Having said that, the only guidance that we're providing at this point is that we think that it's more likely that we get approval this year, and if it were to come in the fourth quarter, we were just explaining that they probably not going to have much financial impact on 2015; it'll occur in 2016. We'd be getting ahead of ourselves to lay out guidance for 2016 at this point, Jason. So, we're going to let that go. I mean, our experience in Europe has been a good one, though.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Jason. Yeah, we have to be careful of not too many questions. But let me go after these. In terms of SAPIEN 3 in Europe, again we're pleased with the way that's doing. You know, it's tough to call out a perfect predictor of what's going to happen in the U.S. A lot depends on whether our competitor gets their new product launched and where their timing is versus ours. So that may be a little different than what we've seen. We've been launching SAPIEN 3 in Europe against an older generation valve of our competition for the most part. In terms of pricing, your point is a good one. We feel like we have commanded a premium price in Europe, and as we commented, our global ASPs are very stable. That's been stable by region, and I wouldn't expect that trend to change with the introduction of SAPIEN 3.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, David. Yeah, it's a good comment. I mean, for a while last year I think we were surprised at the rate that the market growth increased, and we particularly saw that uptick come, I would say, starting in about Q3, because Q3 of last year we had SAPIEN XT really kicking in in the U.S. and there seemed to be a real jump in the procedure growth. And at the same time, it seemed as though there was a similar phenomena going on in Europe. So our feeling is that the comparisons get significantly different when you get into the second half of 2015, and we're just calling that to your attention. And also just the fact that competition is intensifying, both from larger competitors as well as more small ones.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I can make a comment, and Scott could clarify. Yeah, I think generally, your math is correct. I think, when we estimated back at the investor conference time that we would have around a 75% gross margin, we already anticipated some FX drag, probably of 50 basis points, so some of that may have already been in our projections when we projected this year. So that's one piece. And your comments about the SG&A being lower is correct. Those natural hedges will continue.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. No, we're very pleased to be gathering this level of experience at this point. And as I said, generally, we're encouraged by this. I think, the way you might think about it is we'd like to make the decision before year-end whether we move forward with the FORTIS design to a CE Mark or whether we decide to wait for a next generation that incorporates a number of enhancements to move to a CE Mark. And we haven't made that determination yet. We'd like to get some more clinical experience. But I do think that we'll make that decision yet this year.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks for that, Larry. Yeah, you know, the ACC meeting actually occurred late in Q1, so it's unlikely that it had any impact really on the first quarter. And it's kind of soon even now, Larry, to estimate the immediate impact on sales. The outcomes are encouraging for the future of the therapy and the eventual expansion and the eventual approval of the indication. So that's favorable, but I don't know that we're ready to offer a formal assessment on what the overall market size will be. That'll be coming in the future.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I think, your observation is a good one, Raj. We didn't grow sequentially very much from the last quarter, but we think the market remains very favorable. Historically, it's kind of tough to know a lot quarter-to-quarter. Things tend to move around, but the overall trend has been – just been for increased market adoption. And remember, the ACC came late enough in the quarter; probably didn't have much impact. We were I'm sure impacted by the launch of our competitor, who gained some share in the U.S., probably since the end of last year.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. New centers continue to want to be trained, Raj. I think there's probably something in the neighborhood of around 10 centers that were added since the beginning of the year. But remember, they have to clear the hurdles for the NCD and so they're working through that. But the preponderance of the volume, that doesn't necessarily come from the new centers. They tend to – tends to come from existing centers.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We're going to learn an awful lot about CENTERA as we go through our clinical trials, Bruce. And so that's going to be key for us and we're anxious. You know, generally we're so optimistic about SAPIEN 3, we think it's going to be not challenging and unlikely that people that are satisfied with SAPIEN 3 are going to switch over to CENTERA. But maybe people that are comfortable with self-expanding platforms are going to like the advantages that CENTERA offers versus other self-expanding platforms. So we'll have to see how that plays out. Again, we're in a rapid-learn mode. We did a fair amount of redesign of the delivery system on this new generation and we're just learning about that now.
Michael A. Mussallem: You know, it's a good question. It's too early to tell. It's being debated pretty heavily in the clinical community about what kind of clinical evidence becomes important. But it's just too soon. We don't have anything that's really solid to give you at this point, Bruce.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, Danielle, it's a good question. You know, we continue to think there's a large untreated population out there and that the market is going to continue to grow. And we think it's going to grow over a long-term basis because we have a lot of confidence in the fact that this therapy is going to be robust and continue to have future gains. Having said that, it's growing at some extraordinary rate right now, and I don't think there's any reason to expect that that kind of a rate can continue. As I mentioned, the comparisons are going to start getting tougher here in the second half of the year, and so the rate is going to come down but we think the market is still going to grow very nicely. This – broadly, this is the most studied class of heart valves ever, and the fundamentals remain strong. We continue to feel like this estimate that it's more than $3 billion by 2019 is very solid. And so it gives you some sense for how we feel about market growth.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. One of the things that I thought was quite instructive is when we had a chance to see what a large group of intermediate patients looked like in the U.S. PARTNER trial, right? So here were a group of I think around 1,000 patients that – whose average age was between 81 years and 82 years old, and these were considered intermediate risk. And so it gives you a sense, I think at one time people used to think that risk as measured by STS would have translated to a younger group of patients. But there's a group that are quite elderly and quite frail that still have scores, STS scores and EuroSCOREs that are quite high. And I think clinicians are using their judgment, they're looking at these patients, and they say, wow, considering their advanced age and their frailty and their comorbidities, I think I'll treat them. But I don't think you should be deluded to think that these are really healthy patients.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. We think that was really noteworthy this quarter, Ben, the fact that in a quarter when we really had pretty explosive growth in transcatheter heart valves that our surgical valves grew really well. And we think the primary reason is that there were just plain more procedures done and that as the market leader we got more than our fair share of that. We may have picked up a little bit of share. I think we're picking up share in places like China. But – and I know – I think, we're doing pretty well actually around the globe. But the biggest component of this is really the market. We think that more procedures are happening.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. You know, as we mentioned, we got growth this quarter versus the fourth quarter, but it's still off a very small base. So it's not something that's really lifting us very much in that market. As we mentioned before, the adoption rate is probably slower than we originally anticipated. We got this more challenging credentialing process. We're working really hard to drive therapy adoption. We think it's going to be helpful when we pick up these additional valve sizes that are coming up here. But we continue to think it's an attractive marketplace, that it's going to grow to this $300 million to $400 million range yet this decade, by 2019. So we're optimistic about it, but it really hasn't taken off yet.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Good question, James. Yeah, I wasn't talking more about – I wasn't giving a forward-looking statement about where the newer competitors were. This was more of a look at the quarter. We believe that the newer competitors represented about 10% of the procedures in the quarter. If you were to go back a year, it was less than that. I don't know what it was exactly. It was probably closer to 5% than 10%. And we think there may be a little bit of that that came from Edwards, but we think that it's been moderate. We actually have done quite well on market share overall in terms of holding.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, I don't think we've anything new to share in that regard, Mike. I think, we – our guidance that says now we're at the high end of this 25% growth on an underlying basis for the full year incorporates our best thinking, so we're not signaling at some inflection point in the U.S. market.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think there's probably some sequential growth in there, Mike, but I don't think that it's like we – probably what we sequentially experienced in 2014.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So yeah, there's a couple of things that still have to happen first. The short answer is we're really not changing our guidance. We think that that's most likely out to be towards the tail end of next year. The intermediate cohort for SAPIEN 3 has not yet reached its one-year endpoint. The XT that was studied in the PARTNER II trial has not yet reached its two-year endpoint. So we think that it's going to work through its normal course at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Let me take a look here, Brittany. I'm not positive. I believe that it's been submitted, but I'm not sure what the journal is. So we'll have to get back to you on that one.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So at this point it doesn't appear to us that it's fully launched. It appears that they seem to be going at a different rate from country to country, so it's difficult for us to gauge. But we don't think that it's out there in a large way yet. So it's difficult for us to have a firm view of how it's being perceived. And in terms of other competitors, they are gaining ground. I think the larger strategic guys are probably doing a little bit better. Overall, I mean, I think what's most noteworthy is just how well the SAPIEN 3 valve is growing. I think, the data pretty much speaks for itself and so it seems to be holding up really well under the new competitors.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. We've tried to move away from doing compassionate use patients to instead enrolling patients in our registry. And so I think what you're more likely to see presented, at least on our side, might be an update of what's going on in those. I think our competitors are probably doing the same thing. I don't know how much experience there is out there. I would imagine that we have probably more experience than most, but you'll get a chance to see how much clinical experience there is. But we're still at this very early stage in transcatheter mitral valve.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. What I was referring to is, recall that we got approval to use SAPIEN 3 in intermediate use patients in a continued access registry. That, it was 1,000 patients and we expected that to begin, and actually we thought it was going to start contributing to sales in the first quarter and it turned out to have a very moderate impact. It got a slower start than we anticipated. There were a couple of things that made the whole documentation slow. One is that we needed to do new contracts with each of the hospitals. Then also, we're now using the TVT Registry to collect that data and that added a level of complexity. This has gone slower than we thought. We expect it to start picking up here in the second quarter and that to be exhausted during the rest of this year.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think it helps to some extent, but it's probably our strong start, and coupled with our strength in Europe it gives us a lot of confidence, Glenn.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So with the SAPIEN 3 approval that we're talking about is the high risk indication. Each PMA is truly unique. In this case, I think, there's a good feeling that in this group of patients, which is a heavily studied group of patients, these high risk patients, that you learn an awful lot with 30-day data. And FDA is I think taking that seriously. When you couple that with the strength of the data and then just the encouraging discussions that we've had, and the fact that we're deep in the discussions also helps inform our feeling, our guidance at this point, that's what has us believe that. I don't think that on a wholesale basis that we should start assuming optimistic approval times on other future products.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So overall, we would expect that there's not going to be probably any changes in 2015. Beyond that there's always a possibility that they open up the national coverage determination. Usually that's preceded by a panel. So I think there would be some warning before that would happen. We would generally be supportive of anything that would open up access to more patients, but we don't see that it's clear that that's going to happen in the immediate future.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Thank you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
Scott B. Ullem: David, what I would just add is I think directionally, your math is right, just taking 250 basis points off of our expected 77% this year. We do expect some mix improvement, but we also expect some ongoing operating expenses to continue onto 2016, and those may grow.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. It's Scott. I'll jump in here. First, we've been focused really carefully on trying to drive leverage in the P&L, but we're also being thoughtful about investing in two other areas. One is making sure that our operations are positioned to meet all the requirements we need to make – to meet, and also to make sure that we are positioned to produce based upon the increased demand that we're experiencing. And so that's causing us to incur more expense at the operating line. In terms of the other piece, it's really R&D, and we're going to continue to invest in R&D because we think we're getting very attractive returns on those investments. I think where we'll probably see some more leverage over time is on the SG&A line, and I don't think this quarter is necessarily a perfect indicator of where we're going to come out. We still think SG&A for the year is going to be something more like 35% to 36%, but I can just tell you that we've got plans in place to leverage our scale and leverage the investments we've made in platforms like THV, and we'll continue to see improvement over time.
Scott B. Ullem: A couple of things. First, we expected some additional expenses in Q1 that we now believe we'll realize in Q2. Part of that is relating to ramping up for THV launch of SAPIEN 3 in the U.S. Part of it is relating to normal seasonal increases that we experience in Q2.
Scott B. Ullem: Right. So it's Scott. Yeah, modeling $10 million in net revenue is probably good assumption. That's net of the swap impact, assuming it all happened in the same period. The issue is there are also expenses associated with potentially swapping out the product and by the time you get down to the bottom line in terms of earnings, it's really not going to have any impact in that period.
Scott B. Ullem: And again, that's based on a lot of assumptions, like we get approval on the first of the quarter, but that's a fair modeling assumption.
