Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. As we look ahead, we see an exciting future for Edwards Lifesciences. We believe that our transcatheter valve technology has the potential to drive significant sales growth over the next decade. Our focused strategy on structural heart disease and Critical Care Technologies creates multiple points of leverage, and our commitment to innovation should enable us to extend our leadership and create value for patients, clinicians and our shareholders. Before I turn the call back over to David, although I'm certain that you have many questions about the recently published draft NCD, we're unprepared to provide analysis at this time. This extensive document requires careful review and consideration. Therefore, we're not going to be answering questions about this at this time. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David. David Erickson;Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready to take questions, please. 
Michael Mussallem: I think there's some confusion. I don't know where your $30 million comes from, but I'm happy to walk through some of these pieces. As I indicated on the call, the new competition, as it relates to TA, was worth about $1 million. And we don't feel like we lost share to our other competitor in Europe. So that's really not a factor. You know where I think sometimes people get confused is when they go back and look at our results and compare it to what we've done.  So for example, we said there were $334 million worth of sales for the full year of 2011 in transcatheter heart valves. Some of that was U.S. clinical -- around $20 million that you have to back out. Some of that came from other parts of the world that accounted for almost 10% of those sales. So that when you -- when you actually -- and there's another whatever it was, the $9 million or so of commercial U.S. sales, so you need to back those pieces out when you actually compare growth rate in the quarter. 
Michael Mussallem: All right. I'm going to assume that's what you're talking about. We mentioned that we were affected in Southern Europe. And so in particular, we saw growth rates decline in places like Greece and Italy and Spain, all of which were good markets for transcatheter heart valves. And so that was the driving force. Pricing has been rock stable. And our hope here is that this picks back up, that this is a temporary situation driven by some difficult economics in those countries. 
Michael Mussallem: That's what we'd like to think. I mean, I'd like to think that those countries don't stay in the same sort of straits that they're in, in the fourth. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I'll share what our thinking is on that, Raj. It's a good question. Before an NCD was open, it seemed as though we had a fair amount of clarity, and there was pretty clear coverage by these local providers throughout the clinical trial period. And we would've imagined that, that would continue in a very stable way going forward. When the NCD was actually open, and it's relatively unprecedented that an NCD or a national coverage analysis is open even before approval, it created some of this confusion and it caused some of these providers to say, "Gee, I don't know what this means. Maybe I should wait," and a whole variety of interpretations of what that meant. We'd like to think when we actually land on a decision, and we're hopeful that the decisions are good ones, that it clarifies the temporary situation. 
Michael Mussallem: I don't know, frankly, what impacts their scheduling of the panel, Raj. We don't have a date at this point. We believe it's in the best interest of the technology and help FDA with their decision making to have as much up-to-date experience, clinical experience as possible. And so we're providing that. And when the day goes out longer, it just allows us to probably even provide more. But I don't know. I really have no insight into whether that's driving any decisions on timing. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. And I'm not going to get into a specific count of how many people have gone through. But we've said right along here that we have expected to train 150 to 250 new centers in the first year, and we haven't backed off that at all. We've built capability, and we have the internal capability to certainly train that number of centers and more. So it really doesn't have anything to do with our internal capability. So I think what it's probably going to -- what would be more of a factor is whatever comes out in the national coverage determination, whether there's any limits. If there are limits, that could change the number, but otherwise, I would expect that we would stay right on that plan, and we would hit $150 million to $250 million in the first year and escalate from that into the second year. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's a fair question, Jason. Right after this call, we'll get into this and we'll dig pretty deep.  We're not sure what the best way to communicate is. If we think that we can answer sufficient questions for investors with the press release, then we would do it. If it was something that we thought was complex enough that required a call, we would set something like that up. In terms of our actual response to CMS, of course, we would prepare an extensive response within this 30-day public comment period. 
Michael Mussallem: It's a minority portion of that. The clinicals probably account for, I don't know, 20%, 25% of those sales. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I just try -- and maybe I can at least give you the headlines on it to get you close to it. The full year, we reported it $334 million. Within that, U.S. clinicals probably accounted for around $20 million. The rest of the world was probably around 10% of that number, so think $30 million or something, plus or minus that range. U.S. commercial, just under $10 million. So it helps, hopefully, with those pieces of data. It helps you back into what the baseline is. 
Michael Mussallem: We've always been driven by great clinical results, and that's going to continue to be our mantra and our top priority as we roll this out. We actually probably have the capability and possibly the interest of even going faster, given that we could stay at a very high procedural level. So we're at a number much larger than that at one time in terms of what we were thinking. But there's a little bit of push back on the part of societies that said, "Hey, can you really maintain the high quality of that sort of rate?" And so this was through some discussions that we felt very comfortable that 150 to 250 number of additional centers was going to be an appropriate rate for a first-year rollout. So it's a bit of a negotiated number, if you will. I don't know if that gets at your question. 
Michael Mussallem: Well, that's a great question. I mean, how many centers will actually be doing TAVI when the smoke clears 5 years or 10 years from now is a very -- it's an uncertain number. We know that there are approximately, let's say, 1,200 or so centers that are doing open-heart surgery today. And we would imagine that would be something in maybe half that or less than half of that that end up doing transcatheter heart valves in the long run. But this one is a very difficult number to try and pin down. It's uncertain, and I think there's a variety of views out there. And there'll be some discussion between societies and regulators that will ultimately determine what that looks like. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Typically, you would say Europe in total -- it's a good observation, Larry. Europe in total would've been grown at a pretty rapid pace throughout the year, something in the 40% to 50% range in terms of total market. And here in the fourth quarter, it slowed down a lot. And that's because we actually had countries that went into negative growth. They were actually lower in the fourth quarter of '11 than they were in the fourth quarter of '12. These are the Southern European countries that actually we had a fair amount of volume in. It's not the largest in Europe, but enough certainly to affect the growth rate. Now you're asking me to see the future in terms of what's going to happen in those countries. We know that there's patients that certainly want transcatheter valve procedures, and we would expect this to begin recovering. But it's difficult for us to predict exactly when that might happen. Thomas Abate;Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President: Yes. And, Larry, it was not really flat. It was probably maybe more in the range of the 20% growth. And, sorry, there were a couple of pieces that make that hard had to trace, but I'd say somewhere in the 20s, low 20s is not a bad number for Europe. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, Larry, you have to promise that's the last question. But, yes, of course, we will provide that cap data to FDA. 
Michael Mussallem: That probably came in -- we probably came in a little short of that. I think some of this temporary conversion caused it to be a little short of where we thought it would've come in. 
Michael Mussallem: Well, I think it ends up changing -- yes, it ends up changing the trajectory here in the short term. And until there's national coverage determination, and I'm optimistically hoping that this document which was published today starts providing some clarity. But the interim period appears that it is -- the ramp is affected by this uncertainty. But you can see because we are reaffirming our full 2012 numbers, we're still feeling confident that as this gets cleared up, that we'll be able to get back on that ramp and stay in our range. 
Michael Mussallem: No, that's a good point. And I hear the stories that those numbers tell, but this a little bit -- there's a little more going on besides that. The first quarter of last year, for some inexplicable reason, we saw a very high procedural growth across the board. So that was that. Then we saw competitors come in for the first time in the second quarter. That suppressed growth rate for a while. And you could see that, that had some impact during the year. And toward the tail end of the year, we felt that the economy, in general, sort of slowed procedure. So you have 3 things going on there. I think that when we anniversary this competition that it's -- we're going to get a list out of our growth rate out of that. And we don't think that people save up heart valve procedures forever. So we expect there to be some lift. On top of that, just the introduction of transcatheter heart valves in the U.S., we think, actually is a stimulant to surgical heart valves in total. We think it's going to bring patients into the system. And if our experience in the U.S. is somewhat like our experience in Europe, there's another reason to believe that the growth rates will be higher in surgical going forward. There's also -- we expect to get INTUITY, that probably adds another, I don't know, maybe, 1% to the growth rate as well. So if you put together, we think we've got pretty good reasons to believe that 3% to 5% is solid. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, you've correctly anticipate that I'm not able to really analyze what they said. No. Although there has been conversation right along, Mike, that this should be done by experienced surgeons and experienced cardiologists, and there have been different kind of numbers going around. This is the first thing that I've heard of a number of a certain number of structural heart procedures. So that is new from our perspective. But the good news is, we're going to have a comment period. We're going to be able to get into those and really talk about the challenge, potentially the logic associated with some of the assumptions. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I'm not sure I followed your math perfectly, so I apologize for that, Glenn. We do think that even though Europe has grown substantially and we know that growth rate won't persist forever with just a little bit of large numbers, they're still going to be pretty good growth. We would imagine international growth would be in excess, just the market itself, in excess of 20%. So I don't know if that ends up solving for what you're trying to get to from the $75 million to the $90 million, but we would think the market growth would do that by itself. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I was in the audience as well when Dr. Smith said that. I have no reason to believe that he has any inside information. I think that was his own estimate. We really -- frankly, we really just don't know. We've been estimating that it'll be in the first quarter. And for modeling purposes, we will assume that we would get the approval for Cohort A in midyear. And so as the panel comes a little earlier, a little later, it's really tough for us to be able to estimate. It's really up to FDA and the availability of the panel members. And so I'm sorry, but I can't give you much more insight. 
Michael Mussallem: I haven't seen it. And so if you say that there's 2 surgeons in there, I'll take you at your word there. For us, we frankly didn't know what the FDA label would say. It might have also said 2 surgeons. We don't think 2 surgeons is a big negative for this procedure. We think, in general, there are 2 surgeons that are going to be associated with this at all time. That's what was trained. That's when -- we had The PARTNER Trial itself, it took 2 surgeons. So don't look at that as a big negative. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. If you go back to our investor conference, Miroslava, we actually put a slide up that anticipated sales. And that sales number actually said that the bottom end of our range, and I forget what slide number it was, but we pretty much landed exactly on that number. So we had a pretty good idea of what the climate was by the time we got to our December investor conference. We did not have that same visibility back in October, but in December, we were pretty close. Is that fair, Tom? Thomas Abate;Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President: Yes. And the FX got worse by about 20 since that time. And I'd say half of that probably is going to be hitting THV Europe sales. So within $10 million, you should be close in FX impact. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I would say that we're still standing by our guidance, Miroslava, for what we have for 2012. So, of course, there's going to be a ramp. It's tough for us to predict, but we think our guidance anticipates both some of the natural FX fluctuations, as well as some of the uncertainty that's around when these countries' restore procedures. 
Michael Mussallem: We don't, that is the short answer. I mean, obviously, I think it's a by-product of experience. So a combination of factors. We think patient selection probably was better. We think operator experience in procedures was better. We think the devices were a little bit better later on in the trial as well. So it's a combination of factors. It's tough for us to say which was the most important factor, and we expect to learn more about that in our PROTAVI trial. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, we probably think that -- we continue to believe that there's a lot of patients that are on the sideline. It's probably economic factors that's the greater issue. When we see a country gain reimbursement, you see the patients in those countries come for the procedure. And we think that's probably the more significant underlying factor that unlocks the ability of these patients to get treatment. 
Michael Mussallem: In rest of world? I don't know. Those numbers tend to be smaller. I don't know if I could pick up a growth rate on that, Adam. Maybe you have something a little bit more specific? Our rest -- what we call rest of world, so again, if you take out U.S. and you take out Europe, the growth in the fourth quarter was very similar to the full year growth. So... 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. let me try and look more closely and see if there's something that I can attribute it to. Yes, it looks to us, just looking at this quickly, our quarter-to-date and our year-to-date growth rates in rest of world are very similar. They look they're like within about 1% of each other. So it's not something that's jumping off the page. So we're happy to work offline and see if there's a more detailed understanding we can provide. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I don't know that that's going to be presented publicly before a panel. I don't know if that's available. I mean, that certainly is being worked up by us, and we would plan to bring that kind of data to the panel if we can possibly do that. But I don't know if that it's going to be in a public forum before then, Kristen. 
Michael Mussallem: I don't know that it will be at ACC. Again, we'll see what happens. As far as I know, ACC will just have the 2-year data that's particularly within the PMA. 
Michael Mussallem: Well, you're ahead of me when it comes to the analysis of what was published, Kristen, so we can't really comment on that. We can talk about our assumptions. Obviously, we gave a range because there's a range of possibilities. Probably, the 2 biggest factors that are in our assumptions, we've assumed that we would train 150 to 250 hospitals, and so there would be a natural ramp associated with that. Obviously, that builds upon itself, and so gets much bigger in the back half of the year. And the other thing that's in that assumption is an approval for Cohort A in midyear. So if Cohort A were approved earlier or later, that would change the numbers. If there was something within the document that you're referencing, that causes the 150 to 250 hospital ramp to change significantly, that would also have impact on our range. 
Michael Mussallem: Well, what we're trying to do is to summarize that we thought we would train 150 to 250 centers. We knew that it wasn't going to be a center only kind of criteria laid out by the societies in CMS, that there would be some specific criteria or credentials for physicians into it, but we thought that, that would allow 150 to 250 centers. And so that's what we'll be analyzing when we get into it. 
Michael Mussallem: I think that's a reasonable estimate. Of course, remember, there's also a ramp associated with P2 a. But, yes, I think that's a reasonable estimate. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, well, let me -- first historically, it's been passive. So what we saw in Europe, and I don't know if you recall the slide that I think either Larry presented at the investor conference that talked about the fact that the growth of the market both -- doubled after the introduction of transcatheter heart valves. I think it went from the 3 range to the 6 range. And then in particular for Edwards, our growth rate stepped up from 5% to one that was more than 10%, I think, close to 13%. And so that happened in Europe. In the U.S., we do have some more active processes where we're helping hospitals establish valve clinics. And this is a cooperative effort between our heart valve team and transcatheter heart valve team. They just help people -- help hospitals do a good job of treating aortic stenosis. And so there may be some positive effect, but I would say that the underlying effect is the more predominant one. 
Michael Mussallem: So, yes, our expectation -- this is the document that we were anticipating. I think they have something, Spencer, that was shown on their website that we anticipated this draft document might come at the end of the first quarter. So the fact that we're getting in on the 2nd of February just moved that up. And then there's a natural part of this process, which is a 30-day comment period, and then actually, the publishing of a formal document. We think that's going to be the primary output from CMS. I don't know that there's anything else that's going to coming beside that. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. There already has been some determination early on here that we were mapped to some surgical DRGs. But I think the national coverage determination will actually not have anything that changes that mapping process. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Edwards, and I appreciate your patience associated with the questions on the NCD. Tom and David and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone. Back to you, David. David Erickson;Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415, use account number 2995 and passcode 387244. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much. 
