Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Mike. Another strong performance in transcatheter valve sales drove significant top line and bottom line growth this quarter versus the prior year. Our results were consistent with our guidance, which we raised three times this year as we delivered underlying sales growth of 18%. Adjusted earnings per share grew 26%, reflecting significant leverage during the quarter. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.68 and GAAP earnings per share was $0.65, which includes our customary adjustments for intellectual property litigation expenses and amortization of intangibles. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 72.8% compared to 76.2% in the same period last year. This decrease, which we expected, was driven predominantly by the same foreign exchange factors that negatively impacted our gross margins in the first half of 2016. We expect this to continue through the fourth quarter, and our full-year 2016 gross profit margin guidance remains unchanged at 73% to 74%, excluding special items. We expect gross margins to strengthen in 2017, as product mix improvement continues. And we'll discuss those expectations at our Investor Conference in December. Turning to selling, general and administrative expenses, third quarter expenses increased 8% over the prior year to $230 million or 31.1% of sales. This increase was driven by sales and personnel related expenses, primarily in Transcatheter Heart Valves, partially offset by the suspension of the medical device excise tax. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 30% and 32% of sales for the full year. We have increased investments in structural heart initiatives with the benefit of this year's medical device excise tax suspension. R&D investments in the quarter increased 12% over the prior year to $113 million or 15.3% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our aortic and mitral transcatheter valve programs. We expect our R&D investments, excluding special items, to be between 15% and 16% of sales in the fourth quarter. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 23.7%, up from 21.6% in the prior-year period. This increase was driven by improved results in the U.S., our region with the highest tax rate. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 22% and 23%. Starting in 2017, our tax rate will reflect the new accounting standard for employee stock option exercises. It is difficult to predict the impact given the uncertainty of these exercises and our stock price. Rather than simply reflecting the expected benefit of this accounting change in 2017, our intention is to provide adjusted earnings per share guidance that excludes this impact, to facilitate transparent year-over-year comparisons. Foreign exchange rates increased third quarter sales by $8 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our July guidance, FX rates favorably impacted EPS by $0.01 in the third quarter. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $158 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $206 million, less capital investments of $48 million. Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $1.2 billion; total debt was approximately $600 million. Average shares outstanding during the quarter were 218 million, which is consistent with our assumption for the fourth quarter and full year. Now, turning to our 2016 guidance. For 2016, we are reiterating all of our full year sales guidance ranges. For Transcatheter Heart Valves, we continue to expect sales of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. For Surgical Heart Valves, we expect sales of $780 million to $820 million; and for Critical Care, we expect sales of $540 million to $580 million. For total Edwards, we continue to expect sales at the high-end of our $2.7 billion to $3 billion range. Given our strong performance in the third quarter, we are increasing our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $2.82 and $2.92. And we continue to expect free cash flow, excluding special items, to be between $500 million and $600 million. For the fourth quarter 2016, at current foreign exchange rates, we project sales to be between $750 million and $790 million and adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.67 and $0.77. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah. So, keep in mind, our philosophy on guidance is to aim for the midpoint. And that's what we do for our business units and for the company in total. I think that we achieved our guidance this quarter for the first time in quite a while, and it reflects the fact that we've got three guidance increases during the course of the year. We intentionally have not increased guidance for any of the business units or consolidated going into Q4. It's still growing very rapidly. I mean, the company grew 20% in the first quarter, 21% in the second quarter, 18% in the third quarter. We've got TAVR growing in the U.S. at 55% compared to 60-some percent in Q2 and Q1. So, we still feel really good about the growth. We still feel good about the market expansion opportunity, but, no, we're not expecting any different range than what we've already talked about for TAVR or for the company.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah. If you just do the year-to-date results and extrapolate a reasonable growth rate assumption, then sure, the midpoint of that range is a good assumption going into the fourth quarter and probably a little bit above that. It's tough to get a perfect bead on, because we've got a business in the U.S. that's growing 55%, 60% range year-to-date, it's tough to have a lot of precision, but I think aiming for the mid-part of the range is a much better assumption than aiming for $1.7 billion.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. So, you're right. It's pretty mature to give you a specific underlying growth rate expectations for the top line, but maybe I can take you through the P&L. For gross profit margin, this year's guidance was 73% to 74%. I think we'll get a little bit of a lift from that in 2017. Keep in mind, we're still going to be investing in growing capacity and investing in our operations, but we should get a little bit of lift in our gross margin. For SG&A, we continue to drive expenses down. Our guidance for the year was 30% to 32%, this quarter we came in at 31%. I think it's reasonable that we can continue to improve on SG&A. Again, it's going to be a slower improvement curve than what we achieved over the last 18 months from the high 30%s to the low 30%s, but we're going to keep working on trying to drive efficiency in the back office and overhead expenses. On R&D, this year's R&D as a percentage of sales rate is probably a good assumption because if you think about ramping up the low risk trial for TAVR and the investments we're making in our transcatheter mitral valve and other programs that's probably a good indicator of where the spend should come in, in 2017. The other big one is just the tax rate. And we're still puzzling what the tax rate forecast should look like. There's been upward pressure to the tune of 200 basis points this quarter. We're doing a lot of things internally to try to mitigate that upward pressure, but as we continue to grow in the U.S., that's something we're going to continue to fight. So, I hope that gives you some of the pushes and takes, and we'll get more into the details in December.
Scott B. Ullem: And on the top line, I think this is pretty reflective of the strength of the business. And so, yeah, we may be victims of our own success in terms of coming in almost exactly where we had expected, but we're still really pleased with our top line performance. At the beginning of the year, we thought consolidated top line underlying growth was going to be something like 7% to 11%, now we're running at 18% this quarter, 20% range in Q2 and Q1. We originally thought TAVR was going to be 10% to 18%, now we're running 37% in the third quarter. So, there is a lot of tailwind to our growth rates, and especially after increasing our guidance $300 million on the year, we're feeling really good about executing on pretty high bar.
Scott B. Ullem: Probably not a whole lot of benefit from Costa Rica coming online in 2017. Our plan is that we're going to start production on a limited basis towards the back half of the year, but it's really not going to start moving the needle on gross profit margin. In fact, we're going to continue to be investing to help support that development. We are going to get mixed improvement though in 2017. This quarter we got probably 200 basis points of mixed improvement in our gross profit margin. I'm not sure we're going to be able to accomplish that much in 2017, but I think you're going to have this lift that I mentioned earlier coming from some mixed improvement offset by that continuing investment in operations.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Why don't I take the cash piece, Mike, and you take the second piece? On use of cash, our priorities have not changed at all. Our first priority is still to make sure we're investing in high return important long-term growth therapies. And in terms of free cash flow, we fund episodic acquisitions. They're going to continue to be likely not great big acquisitions. Historically, they're smaller investments, minority investments, options to buy companies, funding, start up, joint venture types of companies, but we will continue to be investing in external growth. During the course, we've been active repurchaser of our shares and we're going to continue to do that on an opportunistic basis to at least offset the dilutive effects of incentive compensation, and we'd like to continue to reduce the share count as well, which we've done here over the last several years. One of the big issues we're dealing with is, we got $1.2 billion in cash, but a lot of it is stranded outside of the U.S. And so that's cash that's not available for share repurchase and that something that we're going to continue to work on in terms of how we structure our assets and where we realize profits and cash around the world.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We are very pleased with our strong year-to-date financial performance. As patients and clinicians increasingly prefer TAVR, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity. We are committed to aggressively investing in our future, consistent with our focused innovation strategy, and we are confident that these investments will result in innovative therapies that will enable us to treat a broader group of patients and drive continued strong organic growth. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Yeah. Happy to take the question, Larry. Yeah. We're pleased with the sales performance in the quarter, and 2016 in general. Pretty much the approval came as we expected in terms of the approval timing and in terms of what we thought our sales will be, actually the U.S. probably came in just slightly stronger than what we anticipated. So, it's pretty consistent with our expectation. Remember, we have a growth rate that I think was 55% in the quarter compared to something that was in the 60%s last quarter. So, not a lot of difference there. And I don't know that you should read too much into that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I think our guidance tried to speak for itself. We had felt going into this quarter that we were going to end the year toward the high end of that range, that put us close to $3 billion and we continue to feel that way. So, and given that this quarter was pretty consistent with what we expected, we think the fourth quarter will also go that way. I don't know what other color to offer, Larry, but we feel pretty good about the way things are going. The situation in France was one that was unexpected. We didn't expect it to hit us in the third quarter. So that was a little bit of a curve ball, but not much else is off track.
Michael A. Mussallem: No. I really don't have a reason to talk about a sequential slowdown, Michael. I mean, as you know, the numbers are getting larger every quarter. So, there's something to consider there. But when we go to the big picture, we continue to think we're early on in the TAVR adoption cycle. We expect this to be more than $5 billion in 2021 and to grow quite a bit beyond that. I wouldn't read too much into any particular quarter, we're very pleased to get this intermediate risk; it came pretty consistent with what we thought. The labeling is quite consistent with what we thought, and it's just going to take a little time for people to change their practice. I don't think anybody – if they are anticipating a step function then they must not be following exactly the way this has grown. Generally, it's been more of a gradual ramp for us.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I hate to project when we're going to have results, Michael. I mean, you know this is a high priority program. We're very pleased to be enrolling patients with a transseptal delivery system in the U.S. and actually our clinicians and candidates in Europe are looking forward to that as well. But we'll try and give you a little bit more guidance at the Investor Conference in terms of what to expect in 2017.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, Matt. Yeah, a couple of things. One is that yes, we always see a seasonal impact. So, it's not unusual for us to be slow in July and August and for that to strengthen in September, and that's indeed the way the third quarter went. If we start looking around the country, we saw both large and small hospitals grow. Remember what we said about the continued access, switching off so you had the 50 – which in many cases were the largest centers that flipped over from doing clinical cases to doing commercial cases. So you should keep that in mind. And so that's probably the bigger picture. I don't know, if you're looking at global numbers, I think it's worth noting that France impacted us negatively. We've entered around $5 million in the quarter so that may help with some of that as well.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if there's some kind of data that gets presented at TCT, but I'm not sure the nature of it. What we thought is that actually the CE Mark trial is likely to be presented at PCR. So that was what we were referring to about 2017. Over the long-term, our commercial strategy will be more clearly defined as we actually see that data ourselves. But the way we've looked at it going into it, there's been a number of users, it's in the minority, but a number of users that have preferred a self-expanding system and we think CENTERA is a pretty outstanding self-expanding system. So that's been our rationale up to now, but what will be most important to us is to see what that clinical data looks like.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Okay, I'm sorry. I don't know if (28:20). All right. There seems like there is a little bit noise on the line, hopefully you could hear me okay. Yeah, indeed, we do operate with a price premium. In many cases, it might be as much as 20%. And it's possible that we lose some market share result of that. You're right, we have every intention of maintaining our discipline, it's difficult to quantify exactly how that works. We're convinced that we could maintain a strong leadership position by doing that because of the high level of differentiation there is with the SAPIEN 3 valve. It just performs at an extremely high level. And so we expect to continue to do that. And again, when you're thinking about market shares, we noted that Europe grew at 20% this quarter and we grew less than that. Remember the impact of the situation in France as part of that, a big part of it.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Bruce. We've got just a lot to learn at this point. We're very pleased to be engaged in doing cases, it's the single most important thing we can do. We're glad to be engaged with the U.S. right now, and we're going to be ramping up here pretty good in Canada, in Europe as well. That's going to be very meaningful to us. We've cautioned you please not to include any kind of revenue expectation in 2017. And I hesitate to say much more than that, Bruce. You can tell we're enthusiastic. We wouldn't be beginning a CE Mark trial if we weren't enthusiastic about this, but there is a lot to be proven. And the only way for us to really know the answer is to have some good experience.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. Yeah. Early on, I think, we projected that Japan was likely to be a market in the $300 million to $400 million range. We'll have to refine that. As we noted it got started a little slower than we thought. They created some structural barriers including a different approval process for a site to start. And we thought the slowed us down. But like many things in Japan, although they might start slowly as they start adopting the therapy, it starts catching on. We think it's likely to be, maybe just under $100 million opportunity in 2016, but the SAPIEN 3 launch is probably one of the stimulus to growth in Japan and we're experiencing that right now.
Michael A. Mussallem: Oh, yeah. No, it probably grew at low double digits, but it grew. It just didn't grow as fast as the market. And the biggest impact was, what happened in France.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. We're going to need to let others ask some questions too. I can't tell you that I'm aware of anybody that is having a particular reimbursement problem. I mean, we have situations around the country where customers will push back on price if that happens, but we have a lot of confidence in the fact that TAVR delivers great value to all the stakeholders. And so, I wouldn't call it an obstacle.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, it was – it's closer to being the light switch if you will, Brooks. So, yeah, we got the approval. We had our team already trained. Remember, this was just a label change. So, people already had the valves on their shelf. When I was talking about the IDE sites what I was trying to indicate is, they were already treating their intermediate risk patients through the Continued Access Protocol. And so those sites flipped over from treating them within this clinical protocol into commercial sales, so not a big change in practice for them. And for the others, there was some that our team helped them out with some coding. But again, you need to think about what broadly happens in medicine. This is a referral process, and it takes a while for the referral process to really get rewired. So, I don't think anybody should expect that there's sort of a step function that went along with this approval.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, David. You know what, we've got such robust data – you got to think of what we've been through. We've been through the PARTNER I, and now the PARTNER II data. And the PARTNER II data with SAPIEN 3 suggested there was a 1% stroke rate. And this was heavily adjudicated, and remember, a neurological assessment before during and after TAVR. So, hard to imagine that this isn't really high quality evidence. So, it's going to be tough for us to anticipate that anything that could be presented that's going to suggest – we would have to argue that, we're going to take it less than 1%. So, if that – if there was some argument, and there was that sound of data that would be interesting, but it's a pretty high hurdle for us to believe that that's an important part of future therapy.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Glenn. Yeah. I think there was a little bit of share loss beyond France. So that's fair in Europe. But it doesn't look like it came much from the smaller competitors. I think in the last quarter we said the smaller competitors were around 15%, and it still seems that they're pretty close to that. There may be a little bit of movement amongst them, but if anything, we might have lost a little bit of share to Medtronic this quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We're looking at that very carefully. And the big SAPEIN 3 data that was presented at the ACC probably caused us and everybody else to think about this a little bit differently. So, we're watching it very closely. I think it's logical to assume what you said, which is that the conversion to TAVR is likely to slow that down and maybe to be a zero something in that range in the U.S., a zero growth rate. What we're pleased that we've got a number of innovations in the surgical valve space that are going to be exciting that we think is going to drive our own growth and help us with that headwind.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Danielle. You can imagine it's difficult to know in any exact sense on those points that you measure. But if you were to ask our team, they would say that they don't believe that hospital capacity is a big issue. They would say that they've been impressed with the site's ability to add cases and add capacity, particularly with SAPIEN 3 than more what they'll refer to is the referral network has to change. And so minds have to change. The minds of surgeons and remember, you've got many hospitals out there that are not TAVR centers right now. So, you've got a fair amount of that change that needs to be implemented and that's part of what drives the curve.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We have not done that. I don't have that handy. It is our second largest country in Europe and it has been growing quite fast. It's actually more recently been growing faster than rest of Europe. So, it's significant. And so, we're glad to be working toward a solution in France because that's important to patients there.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. A matter of fact, in 2016, there are only two companies that are approved in France, Edwards and Medtronic. And we're a clear leader.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. This is Mike. Thanks, Ben. I don't know what's going to be out there. I'm not aware of any substantial valve data. We haven't heard it be a big issue in the marketplace. I think there're some late breaking data that's echo-related from PARTNER I. And so, there may be something there that's helpful. When you actually see the five-year data from PARTNER I, I think that could be helpful, but I don't know that there's going to be much incremental beyond that.
Michael A. Mussallem: And, Joanne, your question about capacity then, are we concerned. We're not concerned about it. What we have primarily seen is people adding cases to the day that they already do TAVR, just because the SAPIEN 3 cases go faster, they're so much more efficient, they're so much more a problem free. People find that they can do more cases in the same day without making a significant investment. There are, of course, people that are adding days, there're some people that are adding capacity, but we think those are secondary to people adding cases in a day.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. Yeah. It's a little tough. I know, when you go out there and talk to customers, sometime you can find people with their own points of view. And so, they'll always be subject to that. We fall back on the PARTNER II trial. It was a big trial. It was robust, and I think it told heart teams a lot about the practice. I think more or less it has not differentiated and said that you should split this group of patients. It was very clear. It said that intermediate patients did better with SAPIEN 3 than they did with surgery, and we certainly know what the patient preference would be. So, we think it's clear. It's just going to take some people time to work through their own thoughts and biases. You remember that surgeons broadly feel that they do a great job with these patients. And so, they don't believe that the procedures are very dangerous and so forth. And so, this is just part of the process of medicine going through change.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, thanks very much, Josh. Yeah, we got off to a little bit of a slow start, because contracting in this startup phase of the trial did go a little longer than we thought. These were new contracts with each of these sites. Enrollments underway. We've got about 50 sites that are engaged. And although it maybe started a little slow, it seems like it's picked up. We have not changed our guidance. We're continuing to believe that it's mid next year. But again, we're watching that closely and we'll update you at the Investor Conference as we get a chance to get a little bit more experience. And thank you about the comments for Cubs.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We're trying to sort it out right now. I tried to address this in our comments, and maybe it wasn't really clear, Kristen. We believe that there is a TAVR effect of some sort. There also – or at least some sites where they inferred that there may have been some pent-up demand amongst intermediate risk patients. In addition to that, we thought that there may have been some spillover effect from the mitrals. And so, you can picture a patient that would need a double valve replacement – an aortic and a mitral valve. Often a surgeon will choose to make those be the same valve type. So, those things all may have added influence and we only have about a month's worth of experience. So tough for us to deduce anything big picture; tough for us to deduce anything big picture; we'll keep you filled in as we learn a little bit more, but there does seem to be something that happened in this quarter compared to what we've seen in the past, and we'll watch it closely and keep you tuned in.
Michael A. Mussallem: No. No, it really wasn't, but then again the quarter is always a little bit odd, Kristen, because we always have sort of a softer July and August in both our surgical business and our TAVR business, and it picks up in September. So, it's tough to tell is this normal seasonality or is it somehow related to the approval; it's just too soon to tell.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think that's right, Kristen. Broadly, I think, if you were to generalize, you'd say that surgical valve replacement is a very profitable procedure. In many cases, it's more profitable than TAVR. But having said that, heart teams are tending to do what they think is right for the patient. Plus at this point, an efficient TAVR program does make money, and when it's a growth program on top of it, it's one that hospitals are incentivized to build.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. One of (59:09) these new innovations is, reimbursement does end up stimulating demand, because without reimbursement it's just not as robust. So the French has a particular system in which they provide reimbursement before DRG goes in place, and they've employed that on TAVR. And they sort of anticipate the number of procedures each year and have designed their system around that. What happened is, TAVR grew so fast in 2016, it grew beyond their number. And that's what created the situation. We're in pretty deep conversations with them trying to help them understand the situation and the need of their patients. And so, I think we're hopeful that we have a resolution for 2016 that's pretty robust and we've engaged in conversations about 2017 and beyond. So, it's productive. We're hopeful, but again, we'll keep you tuned in if there's new developments. But, we're hopeful that we're going to be heading back toward normal.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Yeah. And we're going to have to end questions here pretty soon guys. But, yeah so, it's not unusual for us to have these situations. You know that countries that have really good reimbursement tend to have heavier penetration rate. And I think we've shown you some of the countries in Europe in the past where reimbursement is in place and well known, there is a higher penetration rate. Maybe that's something that we can highlight it on our Investor Conference and to sort of lay that out for you in terms of where reimbursement exists and where it doesn't. But generally that's evolving as the therapy becomes prudent proven. So, generally our dossiers are so strong on TAVR and its value proposition that that situation is improving over time.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I suppose anything is possible, Chris. I like to think that one of the big inflection points was the PARTNER II data that was presented in April. And so, we didn't really see a big difference between Q1 and Q2, so it's difficult to tell. We never expect that a step function. We always expected a gradual increase. And although we've done, I think, a reasonably good job of projecting the TAVR opportunity in the long-term. It has been a challenge for us to predict actual quarters. Actually, we probably have done a better job predicting this quarter than we have over the recent past, but I don't have much more explanation than that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you David.
