Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Our strong year-to-date results reinforce our conviction in our focused innovation strategy and point to a bright future for Edwards Lifesciences. Although competition is intensifying, we believe our pipeline of new products positions us well to drive solid organic sales growth and help clinicians address critical unmet patient needs. We are encouraged the new therapies, supported by compelling evidence, are still being adopted even in this challenging health care climate. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks David, good question. I think back at the Investor Conference, we acknowledged that we thought that there would be a pretty good growth rate in transcatheter heart valves globally. I want to say we projected a 25% to 30% growth rate for the market. But we said, it was going to be a difficult year to call, because we had a new competitor in the U.S. We had new competitors coming in to Europe and at the same time, we had product launches coming from Edwards, and that led to a very broad range of outcomes. As things have played out, probably the thing that's most significant is that we find the markets growing faster than we anticipated. It's growing faster in Europe than we thought, it's growing faster in the U.S. than we thought. And you couple that with what I feel are very successful launches of SAPIEN 3 in Europe and SAPIEN XT in the U.S., and that's really resulted in a performance better than we expected.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I think the growth of the market sort of speaks for itself. As I said, I feel like it's growing faster than we had originally anticipated, so this isn't just versus a weak comparison. The market is, it's really growing. And I think there's a number of reasons why the market is growing faster than we originally anticipated, but it is. So the competition is coming. There's no doubt about that. We expect that to intensify, but this quarter was not really one that was one-timers that drove this. This is underlying market growth and good performance by our product groups.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Yes, in terms of what is lifting the market, there are a number of factors that we believe sort of have lifted the market, and we probably underestimated these. The availability of these new 18 French delivery systems have just provided for much more transfemoral delivery and that's -- and that equals, in general, a less-invasive procedure and shorter recovery times. The larger valves have been significant, and that's really contributed to volume. The improving economics, I think, has -- have been seen by our sites, and that is no longer a drag. And just, I think the confidence in the long-term outcomes continues to grow as those results get reported and they continue to the favorable. So that's sort of a high-level summary. It is possible that we are seeing a bolus of patients with 29-millimeter valves. I think we probably sold about, I think, something in the neighborhood of 1 quarter of the valves that we sold in the quarter were 29-millimeter valves. That's a little higher than we were when we were -- had the XT product in Europe, and so there may be some of that, that we're experiencing, Larry, so that's sort of the key thing. In terms of new competition, I think, we know that in the U.S., that Medtronic is still rolling out their product. They're probably in more than half of our accounts. They're still ramping up, so we, I think we're yet to feel their full effect. And we know that St. Jude has been out of the marketplace, companies like Boston Scientific and Scimed are still building up their presence. So we just expect it to generally intensify.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Brooks. Really, I don't have anything to share at this point. Of course, we're optimists by nature, but we know from experience that trying to predict early FDA actions is not something that's prudent. And so we'll certainly update you at the Investor Conference of what we learn. We are in discussions with the FDA. We do ask them about accelerating the new product approvals. We are asking them about a limited continued access program, and we just don't have those answers right now.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Raj. We're really seeing it pretty broadly. It's been across the board. We are seeing increased penetration in the larger accounts, but we're also seeing it in smaller accounts. So we're sort of -- it feels like everything was going our way right now.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I still feel like we're very much seeing high-risk patients and that we're not seeing risk creep. When we look at the average age of patients, that continues to be in the same range as it has been in the past where it's in the 80s. That's what we've seen out of the TVT registry, so. It's still there. I think there's a, there may be different views on the part of heart teams as they're judging these patients, but now we still think we're clearly in the high-risk category. It's difficult, because I know people use, they want to use the SPS score, which is not a great risk score for transcatheter heart valve patients. And so that's still something that's evolving. You still have frailty that's part of this, so. Right now, I think, you have heart teams doing the best they can.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I would say the majority of our accounts have more than one supplier, and that there be a very small, I would say, I don't know, must be, and I'm guessing now that under 20% of our accounts would be exclusive Edwards, maybe less than 10%. So in general, the customers would have a choice on their shelf.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, so a couple of things, Rick. The -- I think I mentioned in our opening comments that it -- we saw growth in -- pretty much in all countries across Europe. Of course, Germany is the largest country, and so that tends to be outsized in terms of the dollars, but the growth rate was strong in all countries. In terms of what's driving it, there's a few things. Of course, there's a growing body of evidence, and you have to believe the fact that people are being successfully treated and that, that is driving a referral base to be more positive is helpful. I also believe that the new devices further improve outcomes for patients, and that's accelerated the growth of procedures. In terms of going into the intermediate risk, I don't think that's typical. I mean, one of the things worth noting is the -- looking at the growth rate of our surgical heart valve business. It's been very nice in Europe, and so I really don't think that you're -- what you're watching here is a cannibalization effect.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, Bruce, I know you and others are very good at modeling this. And we believe that there's a very large number of patients with severe aortic stenosis and symptoms that go untreated today, and there's a whole variety of reasons. And we believe that this transcatheter technology is broadly bringing them off the sidelines. And that, that's the single biggest thing that's going on. This is a group that traditionally had not been well studied, and we're all learning more about them right now, but I still believe that, that opportunity is very large, and that we're still in low numbers in terms of a penetration rate. We're going to learn more about it, frailty matters. Right now, it is difficult to use risk scores to try and define who's in the market and who's out of it. People that are frail, people that have had radiation and a hostile chest, they have lower risk scores, but they are perfect candidates for this therapy. That'd be a great example of that. So we're still learning and as I said, we didn't predict the growth rate this quarter either. So this is one that came as news to us.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Bruce, good question. And the fact is we're still on a steep, steep learning curve. We -- I think we mentioned early on in the FORTIS program, if we found something that was dramatic, we might consider just stopping the FORTIS program. But obviously, we didn't see anything dramatically negative. And we're continuing to think that it's promising, and we've had some results that have gone on for a while here. We're, so we're anxious to learn just how capable the FORTIS design is. At the same time, our initial treatment of these compassionate patients was certainly a pretty desperate group, not a good way to identify what the real applicability of this therapy is. And so right now, being able to move into a high-risk surgical population is really important to us, and we'll look forward to being able to see those results and report them to you.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks Jason. First, a few qualitative comments. Overall, the fact that Europe is still growing at this stage of the game 7 years after introduction, we find pretty remarkable, and we're very pleased with that, and this is without very much indication expansion. The U.S. is obviously still adopting, and the advent of these new systems really seem to have accelerated the growth rate and the additional sizes as well. And Japan is just beginning. And again, we think that probably gets off to a slow start in general, but gains a lot of momentum. Having said that, we're not very good at predicting how this goes on a quarterly basis, and probably are better to think about this on a long-term basis. We believe that the long-term growth rate for the globe is probably in this 15% to 20% growth rate. And we think that, that is one that we still feel comfortable with. We felt that way for some time, and we believe that this will continue to evolve this way. But I hesitate to hazard a guess on what various regions are going to grow in the near term.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. The U.S., right now, we feel like we've moved to about 75% transfemoral with XT. And so that means about 25% is this, is some other kinds of access. We expect this to probably continue, similar to that range based on our past experience.
Michael A. Mussallem: Again, Danielle, I just get nervous about taking a specific quarter like the last one, which was just a terrific growth rate and extrapolating that. I feel like it's better to take a look at a long-term perspective, as I say, globally, this long-term, 15% to 20% perspective is a safer way to look at it. What we experienced this last quarter, we just don't think is sustainable as a market growth rate, and we do believe the competitive activity. So I'm not trying to be bearish, I'm just trying to be realistic about the outlook for Edwards.
Michael A. Mussallem: We're still discussing what might happen with that program. We do think it's very valuable. We accomplished a great deal. We have a commercial product, clear path to commercialization in the U.S., a CE mark in Europe, and so we're considering strategic options in that, including partnering.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Ben. No I -- we see a high level of variability in terms of how well specific hospitals develop their referral base. It's ongoing. But one of the things that hospitals do is they have a, they really work on their length of stay, and trying to improve their economics. But the -- but other hospitals have really invested resources in developing their referral base, and trying to get out there and educating people about the value of TAVR and to try and capture the patients that really could be helped by this therapy, but might go untreated because for some reason, that is just -- not appropriate. If we just treated people within guidelines, there would be many more patients flowing into the system. So I would say it's still a young program. It's one that's developing. I like to think that the DRG changes generally are positive and encourage hospitals to hopefully even put more resources into this.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks. We probably have limited impact on really being able to do much with that. We can -- awareness is growing, but you have a pretty good handle on what's going on out there in terms of consolidations, the developing -- the development of narrow networks and so forth. And so you have more and more systems that are really trying to put their arms around groups of patients and keep them within their system, and so you got a high level of variability that's taking place out there, but Edwards does not have a major role in that -- in the development of how those patients flow.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, David. For you and others that have been following us for a long time, you know that we have made a serious and continuous part of the way we manage our company, to actively manage our portfolio. And over the years, we've consistently walked away from things that we did not think have a bright future, and try and add things that we thought our customers would really welcome from us. And so there's been a constant transformation of the portfolio. The primary adjustments that we are making right now are -- actually one of them did touch Critical Care. We say a redeployment of resources from continuous glucose monitoring into Enhanced Surgical Recovery. That's a significant shift for us. There was a -- that's a significant amount of R&D that's going to move over. This idea of moving together, the surgical heart valve operations with the Cardiac Surgery Systems operations and taking some of the efficiencies that come from that and being able to invest in new structural heart programs is also a key part of our strategy. And we just think that those are prudent moves that build long-term value. We would be doing that just in terms of the right thing to do for the long-term growth of our company. It's kind of independent of what's going on. We're obviously enjoying a level of success that allows us to be able to fund those changes in the near term.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, and Bob, we had a pretty terrific growth rate outside the U.S., as I mentioned. Some of that is Japan, but the bulk of that came out of Europe. The biggest lift we got was related to what we believe is the market growing faster. Mike, we have gained share -- we might have, but we really don't, aren't able to say that with any level of precision. Our largest competitor reports in an off quarter for us, so it's hard for us to be able to do the exact math on that. And now that we have multiple, smaller players as well, it gets more challenging for us to nail market shares. But yes, we believe we probably improved our competitive position in the quarter as well.
Michael A. Mussallem: The 75-25 split was Edwards. I would guess that our competitor would be even higher transfemoral, but I don't -- I can't speak to that with certainty.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, actually, the transcatheter mitral opportunity is one of those places where we'll be increasing investment. In addition to that, we just think broadly in the area of structural heart, that technology is available to be able to treat structural heart disease with interventional or minimally invasive technologies. And this could impact any of the valve positions, and it could even move into patients that suffer from heart failure. And we're not going to be specific on what we're working on, but we have multiple programs that are in our advanced technology area, where we're pursuing opportunities, and we're hopeful that some of those come to fruition. There is some promise there, but still early.
Michael A. Mussallem: They're -- most of them are internal, but we also have some external programs. And in general, we'll keep you updated. When they tend to move into humans, you'll hear about them reported at medical meetings.
Michael A. Mussallem: All right, thanks, Glen, I'll answer your first question. Yes, it's a tough one to call about who's ahead at this very, very early stage. I mean, most of us all just have a small number of patients. And as you correctly noted, some of us are into some more formal studies. But those are still small studies. And so, and I think, it's -- it remains to be seen, sort of who's in front on that sort of dimension. I can tell you that Edwards Lifesciences has an intention to be the leader in transcatheter mitral technologies, but that's for us to work on and deliver.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Glenn. And thanks, all, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back you, David.
Scott B. Ullem: Okay, David, this is something we're looking very hard at. Obviously, as we getting ready for our December conference in New York, we'll tell you more about what 2015 holds. But I can tell you that we're looking at how we can try to streamline our operations. We've got a lot of expenses running through the P&L in the third quarter, relating to CSS operations. Some of those will go away in the future. A lot of those will continue and get baked into enhancing our quality programs. But it's something that we're focused on keenly, and we'll talk more about that in December.
Scott B. Ullem: For Q4, the hit to EPS, we haven't talked about yet. It's difficult to predict what it's going to be, because we don't know where FX is going to go.
Scott B. Ullem: So R&D expenses in the quarter went to $88 million, up from $84 million. So we're going to continue to grow and invest in research and development. It's a little bit lumpy, because a big chunk of our R&D expenses is in clinical trials, and those expenses hit at various given periods. In terms of gross margins, we expect that gross margins are going to improve. The biggest driver of the volatility or shift in gross margins is foreign exchange. And obviously, that's difficult to predict. We had 160 basis point headwind in this quarter, and we think that will mitigate going forward, but we're really focused on gross margin. It's directly tied to our sense of whether we get a return on those R&D investments that we're making.
Scott B. Ullem: Look, we recognize that other companies give longer term guidance. We'll give our 1-year guidance in December. Really, at this point, it's tough to put a bead on where transcatheter heart valves are going. And so to project out further than 4 quarters is difficult for us to do with any sense of accuracy. We're a long way away from a 30% operating margin. And we are, as I said before, keenly focused on trying to get leverage out of the income statement. We think we will over time, as on a percentage basis, R&D and SG&A will come down, because the sales line will continue to grow well. But we're focused on it, but it's not going to be an immediate shift in our overall income statement profile. It ought to be over the longer term.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, I'll try to answer the structural question. Now look, structurally, we expect that we are going to continue to improve our operating margins. And I can't predict that we're going to get to 30% at some point down the road, but we really are trying to get leverage out of the income statement. It'll take a little while to get there, but there aren't any structural impediments to improving the profitability ratios.
Scott B. Ullem: And regarding the share purchase, I'll just start with cash usage in general. Our first call on cash is investing in high-returning, internal organic growth opportunities. We are -- we look at outside investments as well. External acquisition opportunities are generally small. And minority investments, joint ventures, buying intellectual property, but that's an important direction for our cash usage as well. And then share repurchase is going to be the biggest use of cash. And we're going to, over time, be an aggressive repurchaser of shares, as we have been historically. But we also want to make sure that we dollar cost average, and that we make sure we're tracking over the -- overall macroeconomic and big picture stock market moves, so that we have a chance to spread out our repurchases, and that's what we're going to plan to do.
