Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. Before we discuss fourth quarter's results and our expectations for 2021 and beyond, I want to spend a minute reflecting on 2020. Structural heart patients were severely impacted beginning in March, experiencing significant difficulties entering the system, which also had a profound impact on second quarter procedures and even though healthcare systems adapted to the challenge, the resurgence of COVID that began late in the year continues to impact structural heart patients, who need care. Despite unprecedented challenges throughout the year, I'm proud of our team's steadfast dedication to our patient-focused strategy. We continue to invest in developing solutions that extend lives, improve the quality of life and offer greater value for the healthcare system. Along those lines, we celebrated some exciting milestones in 2020 that directly impacted patients. In TAVR, despite headwinds, more than 100,000 patients benefited from treatment with SAPIEN valves worldwide.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. While a year like 2020 could threaten to cause persistent disruptions, our strategy of patient-focused innovations remains unwavering. As we look to 2021 and beyond, I'm as excited as ever about the work happening at Edwards and more importantly what we envision for the future of patient care. I continue to believe we are poised for success and that our innovation and cultural imperative to put patients first will drive strong organic sales growth and create long-term value.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. I would say in general, it's been a little worse. It was already trending negative and we anticipated it was going to be a tough winter and it certainly has turned out to be that way, but probably a little worse since that time.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. It's interesting. So the tricuspid market size in terms of number of patients, it's very large, it's certainly as big as the mitral opportunity and we've talked about the fact that that patient group is greatly underserved. So in terms of people actually getting procedures, you're talking about 1%, 2%, 3% very low numbers. So if we can actually develop a great solution for them, it's going to be an important deal. They don't have great answers. And so the burden is going to be on us to develop great solutions and to create evidence that we are actually doing that. We have -- we have a high level of confidence that we can do it, of course mitral is going to be bigger here in the near term. It's got an earlier start, but we think there is a lot of potential in this. The patients themselves are very diverse and that's why we think, when it's all done for tricuspid patients, it's going to require a portfolio.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks for all the continued interest in Edwards, and even though COVID is challenging right now, we do see better days ahead and we're very optimistic about the future of Edwards Lifesciences. So Mark, Scott, and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, Mark.
