Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks Scott. Our strong 2017 reinforces our confidence on our focused innovation strategy and our longer-term outlook and we look forward to an exciting 2018 as we continue to aggressively invest in our future. We expect to achieve a number of important milestone supporting progress in the development of transformative therapies across all of our product lines. Our differentiated strategy continues to benefit patients and serve us well as we plan for future growth and value creation and we're focused on staying at the forefront by creating strong evidence for promising new therapies for patients we serve in the many years to come. And with that I'll turn it back over to David. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Bob. The key driver was therapy adoption. Therapy adoption in the U.S. continues through rapid. We estimated it was somewhat consistent with our own growth so therefore it got over 20%. What was a little different, the other think that I had mentioned in our comments here is the procedures sort of grew broadly across the network but particularly strength in lower volume centers. And so we take that to mean places where there may be a just a lower adoption rate around the U.S. It seemed to grow faster and then we also didn't see the typical seasonal falloff that we see as well. And so that combination of effects was very meaningful and we were very pleased to see it.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes so, let me start with CENTERA. As you mentioned that we expect to receive that CE Mark this month and we're really looking forward to launching that. We're going to introduce it as a premium self expanding system. We're very enthused about it. It is feature rich and the early results are terrific with it. The label is still not clear and it's going to be probably a little different by country but we're pleased to be able to launch out and then we expect to bring that to the U.S. later on this year and then begin a trial, an IBE trial later at that time. Ultra, again we're expecting a CE Mark this quarter and it has a lot of advanced features and particularly we think it's going to help simplify these procedures and reduce the risk of complications and this [indiscernible] is not to be underestimated as well. We are so pleased with the performance of SAPIEN 3 already we think Ultra has a chance to even take it to the next level.
Michael A. Mussallem: So originally we did expect sales growth to ramp during the quarters in 2018, now just given the momentum we had coming out of year-end we think that that's probably going to be more consistent growth between quarters during the year.
Michael A. Mussallem: So, I think if there is anything changed its really our view of how fast adoption will be for the market the way you say it. That's the change. Naturally as this gets large we naturally assumed it would slow down more and we saw some pretty robust growth in the fourth quarter. We're very pleased by that. We don’t think there is going to be much of a story in terms of our market share in 2018. In 2018 we think that's going to be our relatively flat story so, I don’t know if that gets at your question. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we do expect to complete the class trial in -- complete enrolment in 2018 and we have continued to expect the European launch in 2019. Does that answer your question.
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't know, Mike I suppose that's possible but the odds are that it will go into 2019, that's what I would count on.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, you know it was funny -- it was quite broad based. So we probably exceeded expectations in every region around the world. So we saw very strong performance out Europe, very strong performance out of Japan, and the U.S. as well and even O.U.S. in places where adoption is very low we saw a contribution. We are making an investment as we mentioned in the past to help with awareness of the disease. And we believe that that is starting to have some kind of impact whether it had a little bit lift to the growth rate, I think our team thinks so but that's difficult to measure at this point. But we are investing some energy and helping identify patients and position communication and trying to facilitate the pathway for patients. And do a little bit work direct to patient and direct to referral around the world. And so that may be making a small contribution but I think it's more that we just have an outstanding procedure here where we are getting just great results and you have patients and physicians gravitating toward it.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I can tell you, in our guidance we haven’t projected any contribution from low risk. We continue to think that it is an intermediate risk to patient again with severe aortic stenosis, so low risk we would think there would be some kind of impact beginning in 2019. The results of that PARTNER III trial which will powerful, we expect to be available at ACC in 2019 and then the approval come right around that year, so no I would think that you wouldn’t really see low risk impacts in 2018.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, you correctly observed that we've been trying to indicate it is difficult for us to be exact in terms of predicting our volume on a quarter-to-quarter basis and it continues to be lumpy. So that's just what it is, but maybe the more important point is the second point that you raise which is what's going on in these lower volume centers. You know part of our theory is remember our belief is maybe only one out of five patients with severe aortic stenosis in the United States actually gets treated. And that if there isn’t a center that was actually doing therapy and let's say these large centers they've been at it for a while. They maybe in the PARTNER trial and then we actually got approval in 2011 so they've been minding their referral base for a while. But new centers we think there may be a referral base there that the physicians and patients are hearing about for the first time. And that maybe stimulating it and we just don’t find that patients flow to centers of excellence like you might imagine. So, new centers opening and center starting to develop their referral base seems to really make a difference. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Jason. You know what we had a great fourth quarter, we had a great year. That really doesn't change our long-term outlook. We continue to feel very good about the idea that this will be more than $5 billion opportunity by 2021 and we will grow in the mid teens. I know we had a quarter here where it was over 20 but we really try and look at this on a longer-term basis and realize that there's going to be some ups and downs probably along the way. So I'm not trying to signal that but it certainly builds our confidence that these are solid estimates that we believe in. Separately you are right about length of state coming down. We find it remarkable the kind of success that we're seeing in the marketplace. Clinicians continue to do procedures very efficiently and length of state has been averaging maybe around three days. It is beginning to decline. There was a study at TCT that showed that they could have outstanding results in just one and two day length of stays. And so I thinks that's a momentum that is building, that doesn't consume so much capacity in hospitals and also has very favorable health economics for them. So we think that's a nice tail wind if you behind this but I didn't try to indicate here that we're necessarily going to get to those goals sooner. We'll keep an eye on that but really no change at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, so they were primarily going to bring this to those clinicians that are already using self expanding systems and we're going to go there with a simple argument to say we believe that this is the best in class self expanding system. There are some external data and it is a feature rich platform. If they like what they are using now we think they are really going to like CENTERA. Now of course people that are using SAPIEN 3 for the most part they're very happy and obviously it's a leading platform and we think it's best in class and balloon expandable but if those customers wanted to try CENTERA we won't deny that to them. But that's not really going to be the focus of our introduction. It is going to be priced more like SAPIEN 3 at a premium price and so we are not going to try and be competitive with prices and I think we have mentioned in the past prices for self expanding systems in Europe probably run a good 20% lower than what Edwards SAPIEN 3 price is and we're going to be not in that pact but we're going to be more like where we priced our other premium products SAPIEN 3.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I guess, we did hear it thanks very much Joanne. So, I think your estimate is right, it's probably around 75 centers that were added and it is probably a little bit more than we thought. This has turned out to be pretty organic. This isn’t necessarily driven by Edwards these are hospital that I think in many cases already have surgical valve programs, they think about their future and they say boy if I'm going to be an asset to my community going forward I'm going to need to offer capital base system as well. And so there's a strong driving force for others to be able to move toward it. Stocking is pretty minimal, that's really not part of the equation here. So we do a fair amount of consignments. So I think this is really organic growth that you're seeing. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean I don't know. We can see -- we can look back at what happened in 2017, there was probably I don't know in the U.S. we may have lost a point or two a share and that was at a time when our competitor had the approval of intermediate risk and introduce larger sizes. And we think for the most part that's done. And when we look at what's going on in Europe there aren’t so many competitors anymore and those competitors that are there are probably having mid teens market share. So, when we look forward we say what is the share picture going to look like, we think probably it is close to we're going to grow about where is the market. Remember we have two new platforms that we're going to be introducing and that's probably some of the most novel products that will be introduced by anybody in 2018. So we think it's a reasonable estimate to say that share position stay pretty stable.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, so probably on Cardioband at this stage it is probably less about the demand from customers and more about us. So, we are preferentially following units to our clinical trials which are very important from a long-term perspective. And then in terms of gee, why don't we just make more we're also in the process of migrating Cardioband to the Edwards quality system. We think this is -- it causes a little bit of short-term pain but it's for a lot of long term gain. We think it’s a good move for us and so it is going to limit how many units we have available for commercial sales in fourth quarter and first quarter. But we think that we should clear that hurdle and get this product line moved into Edwards facilities in pretty short order and as we do that it will allow us to get on a more normal ramp. By comparison PASCAL was not an acquired product but a product line that was built within the Edwards system. So, we won't have those same kind of system migration issues and I would expect not to go through the same sort of process.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we don’t think that there is going to be a lot of new information at ACC this year. There may be some minor things that are coming and PCR there could be more, it is a little early for us to project. But bigger picture I think there's going to be information that becomes available on our system routinely throughout the year. We've got a lot of big milestones in 2018 including related to Ultra and CENTERA and transcatheter heart valves, and then PASCAL and the tricuspid's Cardioband in the mitral system. And then even more in clinical care and surgical heart valve. So, I think there is going to be no shortage of news but I don't know how much news will there be at ACC or PCR. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I suppose that's possible. This is difficult for us to estimate. And again we don't call on 6000 hospitals in the U.S. We have a smaller universe in total so yeah, it's possible that we underestimated the impact of weather in the third quarter. But clearly we saw a robust fourth quarter across the board. So your observation is correct Chris but we probably were too focused of a company to be a good barometer for the entire market. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, so thanks. You are on a great point Chris. To be honest with you we are not positive, exactly why that part of the market is buying what they are. Might it be on price, it could be their primary motivator, might it be they just happen to have a great relationship with the company that's serving them, that's possible and it might be that they learned on self expanding systems or have a preference for self expanding systems. And that's the bigger issue. So we're going to find that out but from Edwards they're not going to get self expanding at the same kind of low price. So we will figure that out pretty soon.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, you know that would really be getting ahead of ourselves. At this point we're really looking forward to having high quality clinical trials and trying to make sure that we have some outstanding outcomes. And once we get a chance to actually see a body of clinical data then we'll have a better understanding of what that ramp might look like. But it's just premature right now. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Well I mean we're continuing to pursue the programs. We're not going to abandon it, we like the program a lot. We think that clinicians are going to like it a lot. The early feedback is good. But it's too soon for us to estimate what it will mean. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, so we're very excited about what's going on in surgical heart valves and the INTUITY growth is particularly exciting and I think as we mentioned we think this could become a quarter of our sales here in 2018. But you have to also understand what's going on there which is this is a big part of this business is aortic valve implantations and with the tremendous growth of TAVR there's a natural cannibalization that takes place. And so and you see our continued optimism in TAVR is a headwind for the surgical business and I think surgical business are very well prepared to deal with that and how really forward leaning have great innovations for surgeons. But that's one that causes us to be little bit moderate in terms of getting in front of ourselves. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we are pretty pleased with all of Edwards business. The critical care feels pretty good right now too but at this point we're not changing our estimates and it builds our confidence that we'll be able to put two to four up in surgical and six to eight in critical care. At the same time we're gravitating towards the high end of what we had previously estimated in transcatheter heart valves.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, so first on the number of centers, difficult for us to estimate. I don't know it might be in the 25 to 50 range in 2018, something similar to what we saw in 2017. Let's see what was your, I've forgotten your second question. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, the imaging study is yet to enroll. So we are still engaged in enrolling that. That's something that we're very focused on. In terms of upcoming events we have U.S. IPR hearing on the validity of the Boston patents that were in December and we expect a decision in Q1. But just bigger picture, there is going to just be a number of court actions over an extended period of time. So I don't know that there's going to be anything decisive here in the near term.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, I think we were thinking of that more of a midyear kind of things and so, you may see something presented again with a subset of that study and I never know exactly if somebody might do a presentation that's an interim one. But more likely we think that it is going to be at least mid year for that to be fully enrolled. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, well I mean there's a couple of directions here. First as it relates to the surgical valve business, we think people with isolated aortic stenosis many of those are going to become great candidates for TAVR. But there are also a number of great surgical candidates, those that have complex conditions that are going to need surgery that address a number of issues including their aortic valve and they're also going to be the younger more active patients that are not going to be naturally great candidates for TAVR. So, we think both the combination of those and our innovations is going to keep the aortic side growing at the same time we're growing mitrals. As it relates to your question about bicuspid it's not contraindicated now. There's debate in the clinical community about it but we are running a bicuspid registry that matured further and formed that question.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, so right now it's just early Bruce. And so we're involved in early feasibility and we're trying to evaluate that. From an optimism point of view I think we mentioned that we have quite a bit of experience with SAPIEN 3 in the mitral position and so that gives us some confidence that we can do a great job of anchoring and being leak free. It could be an interesting platform but it's just early and we're pleased to have two platforms. I mean we're optimistic about M3, we're also optimistic about the CardiAQ platform and making nice progress there and we are pleased with our cadence of implants and the results that we're getting. And again all the cases that Edwards is doing today we're doing transseptal so through percutaneous procedures.
Michael A. Mussallem: We think that the contribution that is coming from our direct to physician and direct to patient is still relatively small. And so we think that there is a real contribution that when centers add TAVR that they open up a referral network that hadn’t been tapped into in the past and that's been a helpful driver. And so whether it’s a brand new center or centers that are still relatively new only been at it for a few years that's where we are seeing some significant growth. 
Michael A. Mussallem: So, in terms of CENTERA we really haven't penciled in very much. If we had success there, that could be a positive for us. It is relatively small in our guidance. In terms of where did we see the growth in the fourth quarter, it was everywhere. I mean of course the U.S. is our biggest region and so that stands out but we saw a strong momentum we think in all of our geographies. 
Michael A. Mussallem: That's what I am saying, I think it is going to be really broad based. It's tough to predict each geography but in the fourth quarter both of those regions grew over 20% and so we're expecting that we're going to get good growth from all of our major cities in 2018.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, so this point focuses on completing the CT study. We don’t have any kind of CAP program. Once we enroll at CT sub study we will evaluate the CAP program at that time and we will let you know if that's in the cards.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, I think generally not. You have to remember that Europe is this combination of many countries, some of the countries that just didn’t have reimbursement in place in the early days are starting to have it in place. So, that may help but just broadly if those places that were less penetrated so the smaller countries if you will they are probably making the bigger contribution to growth in Europe.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay, well thanks so much for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that back to you David. 
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, thanks as you know there are still guidance coming out from Treasury and the IRS and the ICPA is asking questions and so there are some uncertainty. We also have the excess tax benefit that could cause fluctuations within the 15% to 18% range but as you know typically I will guide people to the middle of that range for modeling purposes. 
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, and we are expecting more leverage than we did at the investor conference largely because now we've got better top line growth expectations now. In terms of investments a lot of our investments are going into facilities and expanding our capacity both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. And so we have got pressure on gross margin, headwinds on the gross margin from that perspective. But THV is our highest margin business and we are expecting higher growth now that helps our overall margin performance and leverage to the P&L.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, so as we are moving our sales expectations higher in the ranges that we provided earlier about half of that is driven by FX and half of that is driven by operating performance mostly from THV. And so we are expecting sales results in the higher end of the dollar ranges for all three businesses and at the higher end of the underlying growth rate range for THV but still right in the middle of the underlying growth rate ranges for HVT and critical care because more of their businesses are outside of the U.S.
Scott B. Ullem: So, higher end of that 11% to 15% range for THV and right in the middle of 2% to 4% range for HVT and 6% to 8% range for critical care.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, so EPS has a number of different contributing factors and if you just isolated FX then it would be reflected by that increase in the non-FX related earnings growth in THV. So in other words about half of the sales increase is FX, the other half is actual underlying performance. And that underlying performance would largely drop through to the bottom line. But there are a lot of other contributing factors as a result of the tax legislation and the incremental investments that we're planning to make with some of the proceeds from those tax benefits.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, so for EPS it's not the higher end rapid change in the range and it is going up from the midpoint of the prior range about $0.33. And I know it is all precise but just to break it down in basic terms, if you were to isolate higher sales expectations and to lower tax rates from the tax legislation both would contribute about equally to that higher range.
Scott B. Ullem: And just to add to that just carrying forward we think that's probably going to be the case in 2018 as well as you look out quarter-by-quarter and start to predict each quarter but the increased and less of the ramp is probably just because we're getting contributions around the world.
