Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. I want to conclude by, once again, expressing our gratitude to our clinician partners in the global health care community for their tireless dedication to serving patients during this challenging time. We appreciate their strong leadership and brave commitment to patient care, and we’re dedicated to supporting them as they address this global health crisis. I also want to recognize the extraordinary actions that our employees around the world have taken to overcome the unique challenges associated with COVID-19. Edwards is proud to be a member of a critical health care infrastructure and I admire the agility, resourcefulness and passion of our employees in maintaining their important work on behalf of patients. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for the question, Josh. In general, we’d rather not get into the week-to-week and month-to-month expectations. We’ve been encouraged by the steady improvement in procedures across all of our businesses that we progressed through Q2. The specifics on June sales are not likely to be as helpful, as they probably include working down some backlog in addition to new patient screenings. So – and as we said, based on how we’ve begun Q3, we continue to expect sales in Q3 to be approximately flat to our pretty strong 2019 Q3 and the Q4 is going to transition to growth over 2019.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Thanks, Josh. So we’ve heard anecdotally of many centers who have already worked off their COVID-driven backlog. And as you may know, some centers operate with no backlog at all. The reason that some of the backlogs didn’t grow is that when treatment stopped, so did screening. Now this isn’t true all over the world. We know of some centers outside the U.S. where the waiting lists have gotten longer, and they’re likely to get worked down over 2020. But in the U.S., we don’t think that there’s much of a backlog at this point. And unfortunately, due to the deadly nature of severe AS, some of these patients who delayed treatment may never be treated.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. Yes, we have heard anecdotally of cases being canceled in places like Texas and Florida and some of the southern states. But then again, as we mentioned, we had a chance to sort of see how Q2 finished and see how Q3 started. And that’s kind of built into our guidance. We anticipated there were going to be some levels of ups and downs. And so when we project the Q3 that we think is approximately flat to 2019, it takes that into account.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. No, broadly, there’s no change in the strategy. We continue to have a lot of confidence in this platform. We will continue to offer at a premium price. We’re very pleased with the way it’s been performing, and we were happy to see that 1,200 patient experience reported at the virtual EuroPCR. One of the reasons why there’s no real changes, we really try and focus on great outcomes, and so we’re very deliberate about training center by center across Europe as we implement. And so you can see more of a continuation of what you’ve seen in the past.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Matt. Yes, the newest technologies are not quite ready to have a broad impact. But one of the things we’ve seen is an incredible amount of agility and creativity on the part of the heart teams to make things happen. I mean, obviously, we tried to support them along the way. But they just pivoted. They find ways to get patients in. They found ways to bring patients to a safe place, to do a work up. They found ways to do some things virtually that they had always done in person. So it was remarkable to us to observe sort of a pivot on their part to make it happen.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Matt. So things have been very different by region of the world and certainly, region of the country. In terms of the new centers, they didn’t have a tremendous impact on the second quarter. Most of it came from centers that were already in place. And again, we’ve had a chance to spend time with a number of hospital CEOs, and we’ve been impressed that they just set their mind to trying to make a pivot and be able to treat structural heart, in particular AS patients, during this time. So I think the last time that we addressed it, Matt, we said there were about 700 U.S. centers and that we were headed toward 850. I think COVID does slow that down some. So it will continue, but it wasn’t a big part of the story in this quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Bob, you know what we’re dealing with right now. There’s so much uncertainty associated with the progression of COVID. It’s very difficult. We’re being somewhat courageous here to offer guidance at this point, with the uncertainty in front of us. So we’re not ready to dial-in to anything very specific. We do have the confidence to say – no, we really believe we’re going to be in growth mode, but we’re not prepared to get that precise.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. We’re really looking forward to launching in China. Our belief is that there were maybe, I don’t know, 2,400, 2,500 cases performed in 2019. So a nice opportunity. And it’s been served almost exclusive – or not almost, but exclusively by local companies. We’re going to come in with a very different kind of approach, where we really focus on outstanding outcomes. We’re going to try and really service those accounts. We’re going to try and train them and make sure that they have great proctoring and support along the way. So we’re not expecting this to be a fast start. Matter of fact, it will be slow and deliberate. We don’t expect it to have an appreciable difference on our 2020 performance, but we really like what it could do on a long-term basis.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I can’t say, Robbie, that we’ve seen anything that’s major during the quarter. So we feel like much of it has been somewhat consistent to what we’ve seen in the past. We continue to be very disciplined ourselves. I’m not positive exactly what other competitors are doing, but I haven’t heard anything that’s particularly noteworthy.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. So I think sometimes there was a misconception. We were never contraindicated. There was just always this notion that we didn’t have the data that demonstrated safety. So now with the data that’s been submitted, we’re in a position there’s no longer that safety concern. I don’t know if it makes a big difference. We have routinely treated these patients right along. And so it’s a positive for patients. We’re not expecting it to have a big difference on our future volumes.
Mike Mussallem: No. Thanks, Larry. Yes, no, we really don’t see that. You probably imagine what would be going on in 2020, if it wasn’t for COVID, we would be enjoying, we think, some pretty hefty double-digit growth rates. And so no, COVID’s not – we don’t see it as an accelerator, but we’ve been so impressed by the ability of the system to adapt and find ways of treating COVID patients and their AS patients.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. It’s a good question, Larry. We’re not prepared to update how big we think the TMTT market is in 2024. You can tell we continue to be really excited about it. We wouldn’t be putting this kind of energy into it, if we didn’t think it was a big opportunity by 2024. And that’s just the beginning, it’s going to get much bigger beyond that. But you’d have to say that given it’s a developing market and it needs clinical trials for it to develop that COVID is somewhat of a setback. We’ll see what it is. We’re hoping that it’s pretty contained but we’re not prepared to update any thinking at this point.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I don’t know the number, but my – I would say it’s really low. I don’t think that new centers were trying to do TAVR during the onset of a global pandemic. I mean it just wasn’t there. So it wasn’t really much of a factor. There may have been a few that I’m not aware of, but I think it was an obstacle for people to start to add bigger issues.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Matt. Yes, there may have been some advantage that we’re the incumbent. But maybe the bigger issue is that we’ve got some really trustworthy and proven results. We’ve got – people can count on the SAPIEN platform in terms of how it’s going to perform. They don’t have to worry so much about a pacemaker that’s going to mean the patient has to stay in the hospital longer, very little chance of ICU. So they just have more confidence in the system. And frankly, there’s just not many opportunities if you have something brand-new to be able to train centers. And so there is some advantage, but I almost think the bigger advantage is from having a reliable system.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. No, it’s a good question. We’ve actually been wondering that. And we spend a lot of time with people across the health care system that worry about how do you get patients to reengage and come back to the hospitals. Hospitals have really worked on it, and they try and provide a safe place. They’re encouraging direct contact with the physician. But the one thing that we know about AS, it is a deadly disease. It’s just got a lousy future. And so those patients are highly incented to enter the system. And I guess we’re kind of learning like everybody else. We saw a rebound much faster in May and June than we were expecting.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. We’re very excited about starting this EVOQUE trial in the tricuspid position. It really turns out to be a great platform. It is a platform that can be used in mitral. We have decided that we were going to advance M3 first, as the first platform for mitral regurgitation. We still like EVOQUE. And it may have a role, but we’re going to have EVOQUE lead in the tricuspid position and M3 lead in the mitral position.
Mike Mussallem: We continue to do cases in Cardioband. Most of them get done in the tricuspid position, and we’re very pleased with the positive clinical outcomes. It’s not broadly adopted, but for those that are engaged in it, they’re quite happy and the procedure times are coming down. We are really focused on updating that design. To be able to be one that is more easily used by many other clinicians and can lead to shorter times and more effective procedures. So that’s also a key priority for the company.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Yes. So the M3 and EVOQUE systems are both transfemoral, right? So if that really gets at it, yes. So we think that they are – they have the opportunity here to be adopted, if we can demonstrate strong evidence.
Mike Mussallem: So on the mitral side, you were going to be coming up the venous side, right? So the transfemoral for MR is – and so also – so if you will, we come across the septum in the case of the mitral valve, whereas become transfemoral for the tricuspid valve.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Pito. It’s hard for us to know. And let me tell you why, and we’re not trying to be evasive here. We’re going into a market where it’s the individual pays, it’s private pay. It comes out of their pocket. And so our experiences in other places of the world are just not as applicable. We also are going into a market where there’s local competitors, and they were local first. So it’s not clear to us how fast it’s going to develop and how big it’s going to be. We think there is a lot of disease, and we think there are a lot of people that will be interested in a first-class system to get their disease treated, but we’re just not able to size it yet.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Pito. During this difficult time, it’s really tough for us to know what market share is. So just know how fast the market grew is something we’re just not comfortable to talk about. The data is lagging, it’s incomplete, and we just don’t have a clear picture.
Mike Mussallem: No, we’re just saying, Joanne, we don’t feel comfortable that the exit rate is a good proxy for the rest of the year. Remember, probably some of the cases that we were doing in June were probably catch-up from what was postponed in – earlier in the quarter. And so probably not an ideal way to be able to do modeling. We’ve tried to share with you our best estimate, and we’ve even included how we started the third quarter and say, based on that, this is how we think Q3 is going to go, and we think it’s likely to be flat. But the exit rate, although interesting, is probably not the best measure.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne. So what we were pleased with is we saw a willingness on the part of centers to get back involved. And I think we shared a 50% number. So about 50% of the people in the class trials that we said, hey, we’re pausing, have already approached us and said, we’re ready to go. Now from when they’re ready to go to when they’re actually treating patients, takes some time. There’s actually a much smaller number of those centers that have actually treated patients. But they’re coming back. So it’s going to cost us time, Joanne, clearly, on these clinical trials. It will – yet to be seen, whether it’s two quarters, more or less, I don’t know. But there clearly is some kind of a pause and it will be somewhat dependent on the progression – precaution of COVID-19.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. We’re passionate about this whole area of being able to help these mitral and tricuspid patients. When you’re involved in a lawsuit, it just consumes a lot of energy. And not only consumes the energy of the legal team, but it pulls much of the senior team into it, it pulls our field teams into it, it pulls our R&D teams into it. And it’s just a distraction. Instead of having people focused on how can I do great things for patients? How do I advance this therapy? You’re involved in some kind of a chess match. So it’s a real joy for us to say that, that time-consuming distraction is gone and we can focus on the exciting innovations that help patients that are suffering from valve disease.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. Yes, those are – those continue to be very important. You can imagine, things like early TAVR, where you kind of slow down a little bit when you go through something like COVID, but we are – continue to be passionate about being able to treat asymptomatic patients, and we’re optimistic about that. And we also really want to get after these moderate patients. We continue to do a lot of thinking about that. We’re not ready with a clinical trial design because that will be a very important one. But that’s one that’s clearly on our radar screen that we’re going to continue to evaluate.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone. And so I’ll turn it back to you.
