Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. As we anniversary our one-year impact of the pandemic on our financial results, I'd like to briefly reflect on the current environment and to discuss our 2021 and longer-term priorities as a company. I'd also like to touch on Edwards' response to the pandemic and our efforts to better support our patients, employees in the community. Recall that our sales were dramatically impacted in the last few weeks of Q1 2020 as procedures fell due to COVID disruptions. One year later after an extraordinarily difficult global crisis, I'm encouraged by the signs of recovery and although we recognize that many people are still struggling around the world. Our sales growth this quarter was better than expected across all product lines. Although we expect the pandemic will impact the global healthcare system, based on the environment as we exited the quarter, we have continued confidence in our positive 2021 outlook.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We remain confident in our long-term patient-focused strategy and our innovation pipeline. To serve the many patients separate from structural heart disease, we have never stopped investing in our people, our innovative technologies and our new growth capacity. As a company, we expect that Edwards will be positioned even stronger and in a position to help more patients than ever as the world fully emerges from this pandemic. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thank, Bob., That's a correct observation. Clearly, OUS did pull our performance up in the quarter. And even though Europe grew nicely, most of this came from Japan and other countries. And so Japan was pretty significant in size. And so it really was a meaningful contributor to growth. But it certainly wasn't alone. You could go across many other countries, it’s sort of that normally don’t get called out like the Australias or the Koreas and these kind of places in the world where it’s underpenetrated. And we just don’t have TAVR rates where they should be at. We’re really strong growers. Some of that may have been that they were impacted earlier by the pandemic. And so the year-over-year comparisons are a bit stronger. But frankly, the numbers were just up. We continue to see that therapy grow in those areas. China, we're very early in that game. It was not a meaningful contributor to those results, so it's really not a factor.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So in Japan, there was no specific thing that drove this. We've been focused in Japan for many years, and actually, somewhat disappointed that adoption rates haven't been higher. And so this has been a long-term and consistent effort, and it's really nice to just continue to see the adoption. We are glad to see this approval for low-risk in Japan that will start having some meaning later on in the year. In Europe, it was interesting. It was kind of choppy, I would say, not consistent across all countries. We still saw the countries that were less penetrated, probably have a little bit more growth in those countries that have traditionally been strong. And if you looked at it through the course of the quarter, it exited pretty solid, I think, similar to the overall growth rate of the quarter. So I don't think there was anything notable there, Bob.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. So let's talk about the U.S. The U.S. did improve during the course of the quarter, no doubt about it, but we would call it choppy. It wasn't straight up. So for example, things were tough in January and February, and clearly got better in March. Although when you got toward the back end of March and you had spring break, you felt that effect as well. But clearly, an upward trend. I just remember the sort of the roller coaster that we went on, Robbie, when we first put out the TAVR estimates of 15% to 20% growth in our December investor conference, we were feeling pretty good about it. When we got to the end of January and reported Q1, we were saying, well, we're still in that range, but probably we're a little lower in that range just based on things we're going. And then here, they went and recovered nicely. So we feel confident about the 15% to 20% range going forward. So hopefully, that helps you get a sense for the U.S. In terms of the question about, is it easier? All hospitals are not identical in the way that they screen patients. And so although some are more efficient and getting more efficient, others are more challenging. And one of the things that happens when you have COVID, so in addition to all the tests that you run through, you also have to do COVID tests before you would come into the hospital. So it just becomes a hassle for these patients in addition to just the fear factor. So I wouldn't say it's uniform. Overall, hospitals will get a little better, but it's still a battle. The good news is length of stay is coming down. Hospitals are clearly improving in that regard. And maybe some of that is COVID driven, but it seems to be a trend as well.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. No. Thanks, Vijay. We feel pretty good about the fact that we're putting pretty specific guidance out there in the first place. And guidance is not that simple during the age of COVID. We did – we do feel better about it. We probably would tend to guide people more towards the middle of the range, Vijay. Of course, it's possible for it to be higher and lower. And this is going to be somewhat dependent on what your perspective is about COVID. So even in the U.S. or certainly across Europe, if COVID is more challenging, it will put pressure on our numbers. If things go -- vaccinations go nicely and COVID really, we start winning the battle, it helps us trend towards the higher end. But I feel like there's pretty balance in the guidance that we tried to advance.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for that, Vijay. Well, you can probably get a sense in terms of how dedicated Edwards is to pursue transcatheter mitral in tricuspid. We really think it's a big opportunity. We think it's within our reach, and we think the time is right for us to go after it and we're going after it with a lot of energy. You know we're pursuing it with a toolbox. To say it's derisked, would be overstating the situation at this point. It certainly is not derisked. There's leaflet therapy out there right now that has a fair amount of data around it, but there is still limited data on replacement, limited data in tricuspid. And I think each time you see results from these trials, and you see them actually in human use, you start to see more and more derisking and more and more clarity and frankly, more clarity on which patients are appropriate for which therapies. And I would say that's not fully known at this point. We have some pretty good ideas. And maybe we know more than most because we have so many technologies advancing in this space, but there's still more to learn. And so I'll turn your attention mostly to these big clinical meetings where there'll be reporting the results from mitral and tricuspid trials to get a sense for us getting a better understanding of the opportunity.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Sorry, if there was a lack of clarity on it. What I meant to infer is we're striving to achieve enrollment completion by the end of 2021. You may have also gotten from my comments that enrollment was a little lighter than we like in Q1, and that anticipates actually that we're going to have increased enrollment as the year goes on and COVID gets a little bit more under control. So we're working hard to get there. Remember that there's a 2-year endpoint on this trial as well.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Larry. Yes, at this point, clearly, there's more sales in mitral than there is in tricuspid. Tricuspid is pretty new, still -- I mean, it's been a pretty impressive ramp in tricuspid. We're pleased with what we're seeing. We think the opportunity is a nice one, but still, the opportunity is at least the sales right now, is to a great majority related to mitral. There's still more centers that are doing this. And so for Edwards, actually activating sites is important, very careful training, trying to make sure that we get great outcomes. Those are all critical success factors. But I don't know if that helps answer your question.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Josh. So let me take a shot at this. So overall, we're pleased with our bicuspid data. I don't have anything specific breakout to share with you. We routinely treat a lot of bicuspid patients. And I think what will be interesting is what we mentioned in this upcoming meeting, I believe it's EuroPCR. You're going to see a report of a pretty significant registry of patients that are bicuspid patients that have been treated with transcatheter technology. So that should be an interesting data point and help give you some good insight. That's just here within the next couple of months. In terms of where we are in the journey for TAVR -- in TAVR versus TAVR and SAVR, you hear clinicians talking much more about how do I plan a lifetime therapy, right? What should be for a given patient, given their age, given their disease, what should be the first treatment? What might be the second? Should it be surgery first, TAVR second, SAVR first, then surgery, then another TAVR and all that. And that's a very active discussion. I think there's been some really strong evidence that says TAVR and TAVR is good, as well as TAVR in SAVR. So those are both proven to be realistic options. And so now it's trying to sort through for any given patient what's the best therapy. And it's on the podium pretty regularly, and I think we're on a pretty steep learning curve in that regard.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Cecilia. The short answer is, I'm not sure. Clearly, more sites is an important component here. I also know that there's an increase within the existing sites. But probably site expansion is the biggest part of that, if you were to just have to pick one versus the other, given the outcomes.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Cecilia. Yes, we believe that clinicians and the environment in general is pretty disciplined in Japan and that clinicians do treat to approved guidelines. And so we don't think that there's a lot of low risk that's in the current numbers. And so we expect that to be a positive boost.  Having said that, as we've talked about before, treatment rates in Japan compared to where they should be are just low. There's almost as many elderly in Japan as there are in the United States but it's still dramatically less treated. So we still have work to do. There's still potentially a lot of upside there. We're pleased to see the growth rates, but we're not pleased at the penetration rates yet.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Well, thanks Matt. So a couple of things. I mean clearly, we've heard clinicians and hospitals talk a lot about their focus on length of stay and about how helpful it is if they don't have to utilize their ICU or have patients that stay in the hospital.  Having said that, I would say that if you were to take the U.S. mix, for example, of TAVR versus SAVR during the pandemic, that's remained relatively flat. There really we haven't seen TAVR versus SAVR or vice versa advantage very much during the pandemic. It's been pretty stable. And so it's difficult to know if that's COVID related or if it's just a sign of the times, but that's the observation. You also asked -- you also -- the second part of the question was about share. Yes, we feel pretty good about our competitive position. We're really pleased with the performance of SAPIEN 3 Ultra, it's demonstrated not only to be easy to use, but low complication rates and its length of stay has been remarkable, and people have really been able to count on it during the pandemic. I don't know anything that's going to change that. We continue to be aggressive innovators and we'll continue to advance the state-of-the-art. But we've gotten a lot of positive feedback from clinicians.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne, it's a tough one. We do think about that a lot. In general, we don't think that there's a significant backlog of patients. Clearly, it's variable across centers. There might be some centers actually that have some, but we don't think that, that's significant. More of what we found during the pandemic is that at the same time, when centers have a capacity problem and it impacts their implants, it also tends to impact their screening. So you don't necessarily get this backlog built up. They tend to move more or less in parallel. So it's not one that tends to drive a big backlog.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Joanne. Yes, we never officially stopped any clinical trials. They were clearly slower in the first quarter. And so that was a factor. Actually, interestingly enough, the CLASP IID trial actually enrolled pretty nicely in the second quarter. So it wasn't uniform. But I'd say most of our trials were impacted. We're -- we think that the clinicians that we're working with, they're eager to get back at it. To say we're back at pre-COVID rates, I think would be an overstatement. But I think we should start building back up again. And as we mentioned, I think the regulators have been pretty good thought partners in this as we try and really react to what COVID has done to clinical trials.
Mike Mussallem: Danielle, it's multifaceted in Japan in terms of what's going on. We think there needs to be more centers in Japan, amongst other things because in many cases, patients like to stay within their own region to get treated, and we don't have TAVR centers in all regions. There still is some pretty high requirement for TAVR centers to begin in Japan. They actually have to be cleared by an external panel. And so it's not just between us and the clinicians. And we're hoping that low-risk, it has the possibility of being a catalyst to be able to help along the way and maybe simplify this journey for clinicians and patients.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Yes, you're right, Danielle. Naturally, we're learning quite a bit in Europe, as you might imagine. What we stay focused on, and I think we've been pretty vocal about this, is trying to maintain a really, I'll call it, a high-touch model. So we stay very close to clinicians, try and help make sure that they have terrific outcomes, that they're very well trained and that they get incredible results. And we think we can't do anything more important than that to really drive the adoption of the therapy on a long-term basis. We're optimistic about the U.S. It's very large. Even though things have been -- we've had nice growth in Europe. The pandemic doesn't make it easy. You can imagine the biggest user of this technology is Germany; and when Germany goes through tough times, it doesn't make it so easy. So we're a bit dependent on this. But we're going to apply much of the same strategy in the U.S. that we apply it in Europe.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. So we've seen new hospitals come into the system, and that's been -- that's helped with growth. We feel like hospitals have the ability to add capacity if that's really underlying your question and that they do that quite well. They can do it by adding days. They can do it by adding clinicians. And we found them routinely able to do it and not really be a big burden to them. And so it is clearly helpful when the length of stay is shorter but some of it is their own practices. If they're able to do, for example, multiple TAVRs in a day, that really helps if they're able to discharge patient faster, that helps. And all those are improving. And also, I would just say generally, their desire to be able to increase capacity. So it's -- we're getting to a place where TAVR is becoming far more predictable than it had been in the past, and that really helps hospitals' ability to plan.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Adam, I hope your follow-up is for Scott Ullem. He's getting lonely over here without any questions. But let me get to your question. Yes, we're probably approaching something around 800 centers in the U.S. It's interesting even during the pandemic, there's been an increase each quarter, maybe 10 to 20 centers per quarter. And so it's gradually increased. We've been impressed that centers have actually come online during the pandemic, who tells you about their desire to be able to bring the TAVR treatment to these structural heart patients. So we've been doing nicely. I think at the time of the NCD, we thought the number might go to 850. We really don't have any update on that at this point. So maybe that gives you a sense of where we are.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, at this point, Adam, we're not prepared to share more about the feature set of the product line. We are still expecting to begin the clinical trial in 2021. And I think maybe even from a bigger picture perspective, although we're really pleased with where we are on TAVR, we're just not going to stop innovating. We continue to find opportunities for us to improve this therapy and make it better for patients and we're just going to stay relentless in that regard.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Pito, I think it's not fair to say that we've really seen meaningful changes in the referral centers. One of the things we have seen though is -- and then we just hear this anecdotally that patients maybe are less likely to travel long distances to a center of excellence, and they're more likely to want to stay local to their centers. And so that's probably been in there to some extent, probably driven some of the behavior during the pandemic.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So a few things. One is, you're right. Surgical rates dropped pretty precipitously in late March. So some of that is a comparable. So that should go into account. But actually, the U.S. was quite strong. It certainly was comparable, if not slightly stronger than the global rates. And so I think it certainly was broad globally, but the U.S. was good. And I don't know if that ended up answering the question.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all very much for your continued interest in Edwards. And Scott and Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. Back to you, Mark.
