Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We remain confident in our outlook for continued strong sales growth, and we remain passionate about helping more patients around the world. We continue to focus on driving organic growth with leading innovative technologies while aggressively investing in our future. Our foundation of leadership coupled with a robust product pipeline positions us well for continued longer term success and greater shareholder value as we pursue multi-billion dollar market opportunities. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. So what we indicated, Bob, was that we had completed the minor modifications to the delivery system on CENTERA and that we planned the commercial introduction and our U.S. pivotal trial late in the third quarter. So we're going to start the pivotal in the U.S. and have a commercial introduction ready to go by the end of the third quarter. As it relates to Ultra, we're continuing to enroll patients in the small clinical trial, and we are using that to supplement our European regulatory submission. So we're on track to receive the CE Mark later this year, and in the U.S., we expect to gain U.S. regulatory approval late in 2018.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We felt like we saw some change in behavior from our competitors on pricing. We made a strategic decision. We've been operating this way for quite a while to maintain our pricing, and we're willing to cede share over the short term to competitors who have chose to price aggressively. We've observed some recent behavior, appears to be – it's kind of a more aggressive regional pricing and they don't – they're not – we kind of maintained this careful control on a global basis. So we don't see that same behavior all the time from our competitors.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, thanks, Isaac. You put your finger on it. Yeah, one of the things that gives us comfort is the fact that we have SAPIEN 3 Ultra and CENTERA, two terrific valve systems, coming. We really believe that it's going to reinforce our leadership position. We're quite prepared for that Ultra launch in Europe, and we expect that to be a strong one. And then CENTERA's coming along as well. And so this is going to be a chance for us to touch many of our customers across Europe and, we think, change the dynamic in a time when, even though SAPIEN 3 is the best-in-class valve platform, it's been in place for a couple years now.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, yeah. Thanks a lot, Larry. We saw, obviously, those mixed reactions that came out of the MEDCAC panel yesterday. There was a – we'd say, a lack of consensus. That was not surprising to us. We believe that CMS understands the key issues. They're going to take them into consideration, and they'll look at volume correlations but they'll also think deeply about quality. And they'll also think deeply about access and how that relates to the underserved. So ultimately, we believe that this is really not a change to our long-term thinking. We expect the adoption of TAVR therapy to continue to grow, and we're confident in the $5 billion plus opportunity by 2021.
Michael A. Mussallem: We continue to believe that a successful COAPT will be very beneficial, but aside from that, we believe the TMTT opportunity is likely to reach more than $1 billion by 2021 regardless of the result. Negative COAPT could perhaps be an issue, but more likely people are going to point to the trial endpoint design. So it's something that we think deeply. We work very closely with FDA when we design our own endpoints, but it's pretty rare – when have you a technology that's going to impact mortality, I think you're going to have some very successful products that have an impact on quality of life. If you were to actually get a mortality impact, I think that is probably above and beyond what people are anticipating today.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. So as it relates to PASCAL, we're pleased with the way that's going. Enrollment is on track, and we look forward to having the results presented at future medical meetings. We plan to complete the PASCAL CE Mark trial in 2018 and expect to launch the product in 2019.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So, yeah, I mean if you watched that MEDCAC panel, there were a lot of different voices that came through. Our belief is that CMS understands those key issues pretty well and are going to take them into consideration the full range. It's not the MEDCAC panel that ultimately matters, its how that new NCD gets written. And that's probably going to happen sometime over the next year. We believe that the qualification shouldn't be based solely on volume requirements and our priority is to ensure equitable access. It's probably too early for us to comment on how it's going to go. The – I think all of their comments in total, whether it's the panel themselves or the public comments that have been coming in and continue to come in are all going to be considered by CMS.
Michael A. Mussallem: So as we previously indicated, we're in the process of integrating the Cardioband supply chain into the Edwards quality system and the inventory might be constrained throughout 2018 as we continue that process. So we're still in position where we expect to ramp TMTT sales in the second half to reach approximately $15 million for the full year.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Let me see if I can answer. First, I believe that the first half sales was more in the 12%, 12.5% range and not 11% so it's not maybe quite as big a leap. But we do continue to expect to be at the higher end of 11% to 15%. What we've got going for us is the fact that we've got Ultra and CENTERA coming later in the year. The TMTT, the Cardioband, gets reported in that category. And we also have CAP which will be a contributor. Remember, that's a nonrandomized trial. So, all those help contribute to the growth rate in the fourth quarter if you will. Looking forward, we're not ready to share any growth rates for next year. As you know, we feel like the CAGR is going to average in the mid-teens to reach this $5 billion plus opportunity by 2021 for the broad market and we expect and we're confident that we're going to prove non-inferiority with the positive clinical trial output. We're not really – expecting superiority, Jason, if that's a bit of where you're going. So at this point, I think you're going to have to wait for the investor conference to get a projection for 2019, but we continue to feel that strategically, we're very well positioned. We have a rich pipeline and we're aggressive investors in this space and we continue to know that there's a large untreated group of patients that we can reach in the future.
Michael A. Mussallem: So I mean, on your first point, Jason, we think the market's pretty smart. They know that this trial is powered for non-inferiority, that it would take a much, much larger trial to drive superiority. So I don't think anybody is really seriously expecting superiority. So when we prove non-inferiority, we think that's a net positive because it's going to impact an FDA approval, which will be supported then by reimbursement, and it will give clinicians the opportunity to expand their treatment. Separate from that though, I think you were talking about how we think that – we're continuing to see that this technology has a lot of legs. Length of stay is improving, quality of life. It's a preferred procedure by patients. And so when we said plus $5 billion by 2021, we realize that there's upside. So, of course, there's an upside in that number, that marker out there but I think I think when we made that prediction, it was out there four or five years, which always is a little bit dangerous. But we continue to feel confident in what we said.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So a couple of things. One is, we're not shaken by what happens in any given quarter on market share that it's some kind of fundamental change to the heart valve market. These are heart valves. People buy heart valves based on quality, based on proven outcomes with scientific studies, and we think that they'll continue to do that. When we have products like CENTERA and Ultra that are going to be introduced, those are some pretty terrific products, and we think they're really going to get people's attention and they're going to be interested in those. And those are going to give us some lift. But as you properly no doubt note, TMTT, what happens in Cardioband is also going to give us a lift and that CAP study that's going to coming shortly will also give us a lift. So that combination gives us a lot of confidence that we're going to be at the high end of the 11% to 15% range.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, Vijay, in the field this soon I think it's a little early for us to be projecting how we end the year and how to plan 2019 and beyond. We do think there's a lot of demand there and that we'll be able to hit the numbers that we projected during the fourth quarter. But I'll ask that you have some patience and wait till the Investor Conference, and we'll try and lay out what our longer-term plans are at that time.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Yeah, I think we reported on the call here that we continue to see good clinical progress with both of those platforms, and our strategy is unchanged. We are very focused on transseptal. We think that the transseptal solution is going to be necessary to drive the safety and the efficacy and the chance to really drive that opportunity. And so we're not deterred by the fact that there might be a transapical system that comes sooner. We just don't think that's going to be really meaningful in the long-term.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Our Critical Care team is not used to having the spotlight here, but I'm sure they welcome it. We did see really strong growth, and one of the things that underpins it is the HemoSphere. But the other thing that I'll note is that we had some help in the U.S. by new GPO contracts. So we're not ready to say that you should count on this same growth rate throughout the year, but nonetheless, we're expecting this to be a strong year for Critical Care and to be at the high end of the 6% to 8% growth rate.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. You know, it's actually a little bit of both. So we still have the longer term competitor that does some aggressive pricing, but we also see that the Symetis product that's now in the hands of a larger company, going to places that they haven't been before and also sort of continuing some of the aggressive pricing of the past.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's a good question, Joanne. We're going to spend some time really trying to lay that out in detail. Our history is that, yeah, the data itself does drive some level of performance, but the actual approval by FDA does also bring reimbursement along with it. So those both are factors. In our experience, it kind of smoothes over time. It's not a step function, and we would expect that to be the case in 2019. But probably not prepared at this point to be able to get much deeper than that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Glenn. Yeah. We did get new centers. I don't know the number, but I think we're closing in to around 600 centers at this time in the U.S. And what my commentary was intended to do was not to say that we didn't get a lift from new centers, because we did, but we saw it very broad-based. We also saw a lift in the centers that had been around for – very large centers that have been around for a while. So it was particularly broad-based this quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean, I don't think in the near term there's going to be any change. When we actually see what's written in the NCD, it could have some impact. Now, what do we think is going to happen? It's a little difficult for us to predict the future, but if you were to ask us strategically if we changed our outlook, no. We haven't changed our outlook. We think the NCD is going to provide a favorable climate, and so that TAVR technology will continue to expand.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, this is one of the reasons why we're, frankly, attracted to TF as an option. We would imagine it might be difficult to enroll a TA trial. We know what the rate of surgery is today for mitral patients and its not attractive. And although TA might be incrementally better than open chest surgery, we don't think it's a big enough leap to really change treatment patterns and that's why we're convinced the transseptal offering is the right approach to take on a longer-term basis.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we hadn't initially pegged it as a share gainer. We look at it as one that has greatly enhanced features and help us maintain our leadership. But having said that, it's an opportunity for us to go out there and spend time with each center. It's a chance for us to go through the training process and we think they're going to like what they see.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we've always found Japan to be an incredible opportunity. We think the opportunity is still very significant. It's tracking just about what we expected but it's a lot to say. As fast as TAVR is growing, it is our fastest growing region again this quarter. We continue to see strong TAVR adoptions and several new centers were being added there. So, that's an encouraging sign.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Yeah, I wish you were on the panel yesterday because your observation is a good one. I think there are going to be a number of considerations that go into reconsidering the NCD. The panel was asked to focus on nine specific questions and that wasn't one of the questions that they were really asked to delve into. I think we think it's a fascinating one and it's a really important one. We continue to believe that both TAVR and surgical valve replacement procedures should be expanded but they should be restricted to programs that deliver high quality outcomes. So, we are of that mind, and we think that CMS is going to take a broad perspective when they reconsider the NCD.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I think we have a lot of common views with those that were involved with the consensus documents, but there's other places where we depart. And we can accuse the other side just as they accuse us of being self-interested, so I set that aside. I like to think that the evidence is going to prevail and that there's going to be good sense. You have this remarkable procedure in TAVR that really addresses a very serious and debilitating disease with a procedure that's safe and very effective and can be performed around the world, actually, at a high level of proficiency, and we don't think that's going to be lost. So ultimately I think it's going to come through. The practice of medicine always changes frustratingly slow, and so we're not totally surprised by that. But ultimately we think the technology will stand on its own merits.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We think that heart valves are very important. We have a very long term history with surgical heart valves, and we choose not to really approach that as a market that should be buying on price. I mean, this is something that's expected to keep you alive for years, and we think that – we try and offer a lot of value. We back up our best technology and continue to try and push it and back it up with a lot of evidence. And so we just – we don't compromise on pricing. It's not surprising to have competitors at a lower price, and so this is not unexpected. And it's always going to be a little bit lumpy. But on a long-term basis, we expect that the best technology is going to prevail and maintain a strong leadership position.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I think we're very proud to be the leader, and we expect to be able to maintain that leadership. It probably does help from a share perspective, Danielle.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks, all. We appreciate your continued interest in Edwards, and Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. Back to you, David.
Bob Hopkins: Oh. Great. Thank you very much, and thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to ask two TAVR related questions, if okay. First is a question on the TAVR pipeline, and the second is a question on TAVR numbers in Europe this quarter. So I'll start with the pipeline, and I apologize if is missed this. But can you just update us on when will CENTERA be back in full launch outside the United States? And also please update us on what your latest expectations are for Ultra, both outside the United States and in the United States. Thank you.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. And then one other question I wanted to ask is on the European TAVR growth. Last quarter, you said the market grew double digits and Edwards was slower due to competition. It sounds, maybe, like from your comments here today that the competitive pressures in Europe got a little worse in the second quarter. Is that the right read? Was that all pricing? Or was that volume? Just maybe a little more color on what's going on outside the United States this particular quarter.
Bob Hopkins: All right. I'll leave others to follow-up a little on that. I'm sure there'll be more questions on pricing, but thank you.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. The EPS guidance increase midpoint is $0.07 or $0.08, and it reflects the beat in the second quarter, which resulted from a couple things. One was the – really the delay in recording some expenses that we expect to record now in the second half of the year. And so part of that beat in the second half is going to be contributing to EPS – or beat in the first half is going to be contributing to higher EPS in the second half and part of it is going to go to more investment in R&D and catching up on some spending.
Scott B. Ullem: That's probably, David, really tied to just sequencing and phasing of when we record expenses during the third quarter. That's probably what's going to influence most our earnings per share. We will get some contributions to EPS from the CENTERA introduction and from the CAP in the U.S., but those are really fourth quarter events, not third quarter events, to your question.
Scott B. Ullem: And on the Cardioband second half impact, I think you should expect that we're going to be ramping between now and year-end and so you should expect more sales in Q4 than in Q3.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. So tax legislation probably contributed about 5%, 5 percentage points to the reduction in our effective tax rate. Before we got some benefit from some refined interpretation about the tax legislation. So it's probably a bit more than 5 percentage points. And then we got some benefit as well that was in excess of what we expected for the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. So those two together reduced the rate pretty significantly from the original guidance at the Investor Conference.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. So this year, think low end of that 13% to 16% range. Longer term, we're still processing how we're going to true-up and realize the benefits of the tax legislation, and so we'll give you more guidance at the Investor Conference. But I think directionally the guidance we would provide would probably be mid-teens at this point, and we'll give you some more definition around that as we get to the Investor Conference.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. So, our capital allocation priorities haven't really changed. The first call on cash is continuing to invest in our internal growth programs and programs especially that would generate higher returns over the long-term. Second is supplementing those internal programs with external investments, whether it's minority investments or acquisitions of companies on the smaller size. And then we get to financial engineering and using our balance sheet, like share repurchase, which we'll continue to do over time. As a reminder, we've got $850 million of share repurchase authorization left.
David Ryan Lewis: Good afternoon. Scott, just a financial question for you, and then maybe a strategic one for Mike. Just on the three tier earnings guide, Scott, if I look at your historical cycling at the midpoint of your range, it kind of implies you do the upper end around $1.03 in the third quarter. So I'm just sort of curious, what gets to you the bottom end of the earnings range for the third quarter? Because that would put you sort of outside of your kind of historical cycling.
David Ryan Lewis: Okay. And then, Mike, just two kind of strategic thoughts, clinical questions. The first would be embolic protection. Obviously one of your competitors sort of made a move to perhaps build that market. Have your views around embolic protection changed at all? And I appreciate your comments on PASCAL, it sounds like you're on track. We heard some things about detachment issues ex-U.S. Just want to sort of ask about those issues and why you still remain very confident in the outlook for PASCAL. Thanks so much.
David Ryan Lewis: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 136-81-143. Let me repeat those numbers. Dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, and the conference number is 136-81-143. Additionally, an audio replay will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
