Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. In closing, after more than 20 years of rigorous clinical experience over 1 million patients treated. In this week, five year PARTNER III results. Edwards TAVR is positioned for strong sustainable growth, as many patient remain undiagnosed and untreated. In addition, we have two strong global businesses, critical care and surgical, which our position for durable long-term growth driven by portfolios of differentiated technology. Moreover, we are achieving many, many significant milestones in TMTT, that gives us the confidence about progressing our vision to treat the many mitral and tricuspid patients in need. Altogether, we are convinced of the tremendous opportunity to drive success in the future through our patient focused, breakthrough technologies and leadership. With that, pass it back to Mark to open up Q&A.
Bernard Zovighian: And if I may add, Robbie here. We're also at the beginning of better understanding of this tricuspid -- tricuspid disease, we believe that with TEER and replacement adoption physician will have more options to treat even more patients. So we are going to learn a lot here, about, what therapy for what patient but I think two therapy in Europe. And as you know, leading that space we are going learn a lot in the past sort of few years, and I'm sure, patient will benefit from that.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Larry. Let me take you to the first part of your question here. So for, you know, 2024 guidance, you will get all of the details here in December at our investor event. And your question is about my confidence and our confidence as a company. Yes, we are confident as I said during the script, I think like we have an amazing opportunity in front of us with so many patients. All of our businesses are in solid position in global leadership position. So I am confident for the years to come for 2024, more to come in December, Larry.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Vijay. Let me start high level, I believe last night, investor event was, very insightful with Dr. Leon and Dr. Mark. They went very deep into the data. They went very deep into the meaning, the meaning of the data and the trial design. At the end of the day, you know, for me, it is I like to keep it very simple. 90% survival at five years. That's amazing for patients that's in my mind, what we should remember, but I'm going to ask Larry to comment and with a greater detail here.
Bernard Zovighian: And in addition, Vijay, if you think about what we have been seeing all along about the underdiagnosis and undertreatment of this patient. Now you look at this PARTNER 3 five years, we hope -- we certainly hope, that we're referring network of cardiologists will send more patients because they have options, safe options, effective options. So we feel good about all of this
Bernard Zovighian: What we -- in addition of what Daveen said, what we like about where we are today is, in the past, few years, it was only about TEER, it was only about repair. So physicians didn't have a lot of options. And what we are doing is now progressing with our vision to being able to offer to physician a toolbox. So they can decide, what therapy for what patient, for what anatomy. And so that's still a big progress to where we were in a few years ago, even in a few months ago. So a great progress here, and I see more to come.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So let me start here, so 11% obviously, we are very pleased, I don't know if you remember, but a few years ago, nobody believed in surgical and we believe in surgical because we have been a pioneer here. We have been a great innovator and our innovation is paying off. What we see in Q3 again, like in 2023, we see a balanced combination between adoption of our RESILIA platform, premium pricing, and also the procedural growth. So altogether, but it is very balanced between procedure growth and our premium technology.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you. So let me close this meeting by saying, I am pleased with our performance in 2023. Beyond the numbers, I am excited with the progress we have made, reinforcing our TAVR leadership position with new clinical evidence, and expanding our mitral and tricuspid patient reach with new approved technologies. As a result, we are confident in our long-term strategy to help even more patients around the world. Thanks for your continued trust in Edwards. The IR team, Scott and I welcome any additional questions, any additional questions by phone. Thank you.
Larry Wood: Yeah. I don't have a lot to add, this is our third straight quarter of double-digit growth, which coming out of COVID and all the rockiness that we saw during that period of time. It's actually been really good to see the stability that we've seen and the continued growth even as our business gets larger. So I actually feel really good about our growth rate. I think, we're continuing to work to get patients off the sidelines and our patient activation. I think the data, hopefully, the data here is reassuring for patients. People were worried about a durability signal with TAVR. And now we have really high quality data published in the New England Journal of Medicine which shows absolutely no durability signal at five years using [indiscernible] definition. So we think all of those are positive and those continue to help us have double-digit and sustainable growth over a long period of time. So I feel great about where we are.
Larry Wood: Yeah. Thanks, Bernard. Yeah. This whole thing about the curves continuing to diverge, just isn't really accurate. I think we had a little bit of a catch up. But if you notice from the New England Journal Medicine manuscript, we are impacted somewhat by the patients that withdrew on the surgical side disproportionately. And when we did the phone sweep, the absolute difference that we're showing at five years is about 1%. When you go into the causes of death, you look at cardiovascular mortality, they're about the same. We had, I think, double the rate of cancer. We had 3 times as much COVID death in the TAVR group, as we had in the surgical group. And I think higher rates of sepsis, which were all adjudicated to be not TAVR related. And I don't think anybody is suggesting that TAVR causes cancer or COVID. So when you get into the depths of the data, I mean, we feel great about the data. What's amazing about this data set is that both groups performed incredibly well. And given the prominence of Edwards surgical valves, and then obviously our TAVR cohort, we're looking at both groups that have over 90% survival at five years. And the other thing that people have been worried about with TAVR was durability. And you're right, we did use the bark definitions for durability, which remember, isn't what -- with surgery is historically used. Surgery historically is used, freedom from X plant due to structural valve deterioration, not echo derived criteria. And so, part of what drives the New England Journal of Medicine publication is we used all the contemporary standards, all the contemporary things. So, I don't want to comment on other people's data. You can ask them about their data and what methodologies they use. But I'm very comfortable we applied the highest academic standard STAAR study. And again, we feel great about the data. And I think there's just a little bit of an oddity here that, that people are discussing that somehow TAVR has to be better than the surgery. If we have two procedures, TAVR and surgery, and we can go to patients and say, your results are identical at five years. Then that's going to automatically default people to the less invasive therapy. And now, we need to continue to follow these patients. We need to follow them all the way up to 10 years. But for a pretty significant interim look at the data at five years, I don't think we could be any happier about the data than we are.
Larry Wood: Yeah. I mean, I'll just add. I think this was a great day. Great meeting for the field in general. If you have patients on the sidelines, who say I'm just -- I just don't want to have open heart surgery, I'm too scared of open heart surgery. But they're being told, TAVR doesn't really have any data behind it and it's still early. If you look at both datasets that were presented, there is absolutely no durability signal at five years or four years, depending on which study you're looking at. And I think that's to just give the referral community tremendous confidence that they can patients for this procedure and they're going to get a durable outcome.
Larry Wood: No, I totally agree. I think, as it relates to just general things, obviously people losing weight is a good thing, but we've never seen anything related to even, even coronary disease, but a lot of these things are genetically derived and genetically driven, and I don't think your weight is going to be the determinant of those things. So I don't really see any impact of this.
Larry Wood: Yeah. It’s funny when we launched TAVR in the U.S., if you remember, half of our procedures were transapical. And people were like, hey, you already have a selling organization that's selling to surgeons, why are you developing this whole new sales organization, you can get a lot of synergy. But it's really all about providing that high-touch model and that level of expertise, and we built out a completely separate sales force for THV, and I don't think there's a day we looked back on that and think that, that was a bad decision. I think we feel that, that was the right decision for the therapy. Mitral patients are different than aortic patients. And, if you ask your clinical specialists and your salespeople to try to be experts in 10 therapies, they're going to be generalists and all of them not experts. And I think one of the reasons we've had the success we've had in TAVR is, when, I think our average field clinical specialist supports about 1,200 cases a year. And so you bring that level of expertise to every case and we really drive differentiated outcomes for patients, which I think what's driven the therapy and what's driven our leadership. And we like that model a lot. We think it's been hugely successful. Just because our teams sit in different organizations doesn't mean they don't talk. And Daveen and I talk a lot. I have surgical structural heart now, but I talked to Wayne, our General Manager of that, all the time. We look for where there are opportunities for us to work together. But at the same time, we want to make sure we have focus on these new therapies, and we bring the highest level of expertise possible so we drive the best outcomes for patients possible because we believe that is what's going to drive long-term, the success of our franchises.
Larry Wood: Yeah. We look at this every quarter, and I will just tell you just even internally amongst us. We sort of see the growth rates by segment, and then we sort of make up the reasons for why we think they're different a little bit. I will tell you, during COVID, we saw trends that said when COVID spiked, people tended to stay a little bit closer to home, and we saw maybe some of our smaller centers grow more and, and larger centers would grow less. And then as COVID wane we'd, we'd see larger centers kind of return to higher growth. I think this quarter, we probably saw a little bit more growth in the higher -- in the bigger centers than the smaller centers. But really, I think it's getting a little bit negligible over kind of returning to a little bit of a sense of normalcy as it relates to growth across center size.
Larry Wood: Yeah. I think -- it's a good question. I think valve-in-valve isn't, isn't a huge part of our offering right now. It's not a big driver for us. We do TAVR and SAVR, so TAVR in failed bioprological surgical valves. And as TAVR came online, we saw more and more biological valve usage in younger patients because they knew they would have this TAVR option down the road. So we think that, that's going to be, as these patients live longer, obviously, our surgical valves are very durable, but that was a whole basis for INSPIRIS, was creating a valve that would be a great platform for their TAVR procedure down the road, and that's the whole basis for it, and we think that will pay dividends later. As we just got the low risk approval, it's still fairly new for us. It's not something that's been around for, forever. But the more and more patients that are younger that are getting TAVR, eventually, those patients will come back and need a second procedure. And so for us, having a tab and tab option, it just feeds directly into our lifetime management strategy, which is putting in a first valve and ensuring that you have a strategy for that next intervention. And that's true, whether it's in INSPIRIS as your first valve or whether it's a SAPIEN 3 as your first valve, we want to make sure we have an option for that patient when they come back. And that's what's great about both of our surgical and TAVR platforms is they're both really a great host for that future valves. And we do think, as you advance down the road, the tab and tab will become a bigger contributor to our growth over time.
Larry Wood: Yeah. I appreciate everybody's trying to get an early read on early TAVR. And I don't think there's -- I don't think there's anything that's really --from this data that I – and I haven't even, we haven't even broke apart the early TAVR data. So I don't even know anything about the data set yet to even talk about and even if I did, I couldn't tell you. I think the, just broadly speaking, the fact that we show excellent durability out at five years with no durability signal whatsoever. SVA asymptomatic trial was successful, which you know, we obviously hope it is. But if that trial is successful, it just takes one more burden away from people saying, do I want to treat people earlier in the disease state. And I think the more durability data we can put on the board will help make that if that trial was successful and we do get the indication that, that will be one barrier that's removed. So I think the long-term data continuing to build on the durability and safety and long-term results of the platform, just continue to be important, and it's going to be important long-term for the progress trial. If you're going to treat people with moderate disease down the road, you need to make sure you have a durable platform and that it has options, down the road for these patients. So I think it all is complementary, but I don't think anything about this trial informs the early TAVR results.
Larry Wood: Sure. I think it's one thing that I think people are missing a little bit is, it's not like we just started doing patient activation stuff last year or in the last two years. I mean we go all the way back to starting a website with a lot of educational information for patients, even things like how to find a TAVR center and questionnaires and patient information kits. So we've been doing a lot of things over the last several years, and I think, is one of the reasons the market has grown and developed the way it has. So I think a lot of our digital and patient activation efforts are still -- are paying dividends right now. Now, the deeper you go into the prevalence pool, the harder it gets and the more activation you have to do. So it's sort of a -- it's not a light switch. It's a never-ending journey that you're going to do to continue to build on the last program with additional programs to try to get people activated. And I'll tell you, we have a lot of work streams, and we're looking forward to maybe get into a little bit more detail at the investor conference and trying to show you a little bit about other things that we're working on. But we have a number of pilots and we have a lot of very mature programs at the same time that we think help us a lot.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. No. Thanks, Bernard. I appreciate it. No, I think, as Bernard has said, we really do believe that it's the comprehensive high touch model and outstanding outcomes is a key step. But it's much more than that. And us having the ability to take the TAVR playbook from long ago and help apply it to this news area is really important. And for us that includes not only technology, innovation, evidence, but also continuing to then overtime, work on helping improve diagnosis referral and eventually treatment of patients. But for us, this is a comprehensive kind of play, a long-term play for us to really build a new therapy that we're really excited about to help patients with.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. I mean I think we continue to see out of our European experience where we do have PASCAL tricuspid approved, that we can, see these great outcomes where the technology is really making a difference in patients' lives. It's taking patients that ultimately can't do the things they want to do in their day to day. They feel really down. They have trouble breathing, and it really just helps them live the life that they want to lead. And so for us to see now in this randomized trial that's been presented with TRILUMINATE, to see high quality data, where that you can treat tricuspid regurgitation in a randomized trial, get safe results and have significant TEER reduction with meaningful quality of life. Wow, I mean that's just fantastic for patients. It's something we love. And ultimately down to the community and the regulators are going to keep looking at the benefit and risk trade-off to make the decisions that they need to make. But we continue to be super excited by what these therapies are doing for tricuspid patients.
Daveen Chopra: I'll add one thing on that. This is Daveen. Even here at TCT, as I talk to physicians, the one thing I consistently hear from physicians is, they so appreciate our comprehensive high-touch model. They love that they're Edwards person who is so deep in the mitral tricuspid space, and that's all they breathe, live and really think about. And so they can offer the best possible advice to the physician, the best possible collaboration to ensure the best possible patient result. And I just love seeing that this week as I talk to physicians.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah, I'll just add. It's, we'll try to bring this to life a little bit at the investor conference is, I almost feel like when we have a good surgical quarter that you guys get mad at us because you think it comes at the expense of TAVR. And I'll tell you as the guy that runs both those business units, that gets really frustrating after a while, and my new GM is really mad about it. So as -- but what you have to understand is our surgical business isn't 100% aortic stenosis. Our surgical business treats aortic, we treat mitral. And even in the aortic space, we don't just treat aortic stenosis, we treat aortic regurgitation. We have products like KONECT, where we're treating aortic aneurysm disease. We have repair products, replacement products. So there's just a lot more that goes into that business than aortic stenosis. So thinking that the zero sum game between the two businesses just isn't the right way to think about it.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. I think market share has been pretty stable. I don't think we've seen big shifts or big changes. We're very excited about RESILIA and I think, I think it does get people increased confidence in, going into younger lower risk patients. So, we feel good about that, but maybe we can try to update that a little bit more at the investor conference, but again, I think overall, I think share has been, been generally pretty stable.
Scott Ullem: Well, I'd take you back to the beginning of the year when our guidance for the full year for both TAVR and Edwards was 9% to 12%. We increased it to ultimately 10% to 13% because of the first quarter and second quarter results. So we're coming in about where we thought we would for Q3 and Q4. The 10% to 13% guidance reflects the stronger than expected Q1 and Q2. In the fourth quarter, our guidance for the full company is about $10 million higher at the midpoint than our results in Q3. So we haven't broken out guidance by business unit, but you can expect that overall, we expect the fourth quarter that looks pretty similar to the third quarter. You're right, I think for the full year, we're probably going to end up about in the middle of the range that we, that we said 10% to 13%, but that doesn't mean that it's 10% to 13% for Q4 because, again, that higher range reflects the increase from the first quarter.
Scott Ullem: And Larry, it's Scott. For the second part of your question about FX. We'll talk about more of the specifics at the investor conference. But if you take our exchange rate environment right now and apply it to 2024, it would be a headwind to sales, and also a headwind to EPS. So we'll be able to quantify that more specifically. And we'll see what happens to FX rates between now and then as well.
Scott Ullem: So your math is spot-on at the midpoint of the range that's exactly what it implies. And so, take the midpoint, it ends up at the lower end of that $2.50 to $2.60 range, but still within the range.
Scott Ullem: Yeah. It's Scott, let's hold-off on that question about share and the environment, new product introductions and all kind of stuff. There's a lot that we expect to happen in 2024. And we'll look forward to getting into all of those details and forecasts when we get together at our investor conference in December.
Scott Ullem: Yeah, I hate to do this to you, Joanne. But again, we're going to have to hold off until we get to December. Really, all we can say right now is that, we think we're going to see some pressure on the top line reported sales dollars won't impact our underlying growth rates. And the reported sales dollars headwind is going to flow right down to earnings per share. Now again, that's not current foreign exchange rate. So when we get to December and we lay out our full year guidance for 2024, and we'll go through all the lines of the P&L and take you through all the details. But at this point we really can't tell you more.
Travis Steed: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just to clarify one clarification, when I add your Q4 guide of $0.60 to $0.66, I'm getting to a full year of $2.47 to $2.53, which is different than your full year guidance. So I don't know if there was a restatement or just wondering maybe my math is off, just wanted to clarify that if you don't mind.
Travis Steed: Okay. Got it. And then, the comment on U.S. and OUS growth rates being comparable. Is that referring to constant currency reported? It looks like OUS is a little bit lighter this quarter, and just wanted to make sure I understood everything going on OUS and some of the Japan comments and what's going on in Japan.
Travis Steed: Okay. That's fair. And then my last question was on 2024 I know you're not going to talk a lot about 2024, but curious if you think you can still hold share stable with new competition coming in or if you think it's fair to assume, something less than the market growth rates in, in 2024.
