Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Our strong foundation of technology leadership, combined with a robust product pipeline, positions us well for continued success. As patients and clinicians increasingly recognize the significant benefits of transcatheter-based technologies reported by the substantial body of compelling evidence, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunities. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. So, yes, a couple of things. As we mentioned, because most of the PASCAL sales are in Europe, we do get affected by currency in a more dramatic way than we would otherwise. But the other issue is less of a competitive issue as we're really feeling like the market didn't grow. It really slowed down in TMTT. And Bernard, why don't you provide some color on that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. And just to add on, Larry, your question about Europe versus the U.S., we did see staffing shortages in Europe but they were more isolated in nature. We saw them in particular countries or regions, whereas the U.S., it really felt more widespread, more broad. And so, it turned out to be more pronounced. We were able to more or less swamp those in Europe.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. And I might just add, Vijay, that because our business is more concentrated in TMTT, in certain regions like, for example, there's more, business in Europe or in Germany, in particular, than other parts of Europe, some of those labor shortages and strikes in Germany probably had a little greater impact on this. So that combined with the point that Bernard made earlier that these procedures still require anesthesiologists and ICU space are probably why the market slowed. And you'd also argue in Europe, they're not fully convinced, right, because they have the mitral FR data that also is out there. And so it's another reason why we're kind of excited about bringing a new data set later on this year.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So maybe Bernard, you best to go through that, you can go through the particulars of how we plan to launch.
Mike Mussallem: And maybe just to add a little bit more, Joanne, this is going to be a step-wise launch. We're not going to try and serve all hospitals at once. We're going to -- we've really prioritized the group. That will be our first step, but we're trying to make sure that we have a well-trained team that assures great outcomes right from the beginning. So, it will be more of a ramp than a step function.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Cecilia. Maybe I start, and I'll let Larry and Bernard jump in to add some additional color about the trial. Just broadly, the fact that COVID has been persistent is a burden on hospital. In any way, you slice it, because what happens is even though we don't consider today's COVID so deadly. When someone tests positive, they're out. People they've had contact with are out and miss five days. So it really is disruptive to a team and that can help and have some impact. Having said that, overall, we feel pretty good about our clinical research. Larry, why don't you update us on the TAVR side and Bernard, you can talk about TMTT.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So thanks. I mean, I don't know, Larry, if you want to update that. We continue to be very focused on trying to make sure that we help patients come off the sideline just because it is such a big issue. It is going to be an important source of growth.
Mike Mussallem: On clintrials.gov, I think the 900-plus number relates to the primary cohort along with the registry with the registries that we have. We try to study all, sort of, the adjacencies bicuspid. We try to study the valve and valve things, all the different ways in which our platform gets used because it's quite versatile. So we -- some of those registries lag a little bit starting the original cohort, but they usually come on and so I think that's what's reflected in the numbers there. Bicuspid patients require, sort of, a different level of screening anatomically. So we tend to run those in a separate registry so that we can report on them separately. But then we have the primary cohort for all the patients. But I believe this trial is pretty much in a near all-comer trial. I don't think we're limited to just low-risk patients. So it's going to be pretty much a real-world trial on how this technology performs.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Maybe I'll start out here. In terms of U.S. TAVR centers, yes, the addition centers wasn't necessarily a big deal in terms of a growth driver. Larry, you might be able to characterize it more growth come from large centers or smaller centers this last quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Larry Wood: No, I think that's a good summary. When the pandemic first happened, hospitals, the beds were all filled up with COVID patients, and we don't see that today. Hospitals have beds, they have capacity. They just don't have staff. And I think some of what we're challenge with a little bit is as people test positive for COVID, they're not getting hospitalized, but they have to leave the workforce where they isolate. And I think that's exacerbating a little bit of staffing challenges. But you're right, the patients don't wait well. And we were already dealing with undertreatment of AS before the pandemic hit and certainly this hasn't made it better. But these patients deserve therapy, and we're hoping this returns back to more normal state soon.
Larry Wood: Yes. Contrast, I think, was more of an issue here, early in the quarter than late in the quarter. It seemed to get better as the quarter went on. But certainly, there was an impact. It probably impacted smaller hospitals more than the bigger systems that probably had more reserve. So that was that. In terms of trends, as much as we get frustrated by it, we did grow sequentially. So we did see an improvement in hospital staffing just not as much as we were anticipating. And we obviously have a tough comparison to a year ago when we grew almost 50%. So, that's just kind of where it is. We still anticipate it's going to get better over the course of the year. It's just been more slow than we would have hoped.
Larry Wood: Sure. Well, we have three big trials. We have early TAVR, which is fully enrolled. And we have our PROGRESS trial, which is our trial where we're studying moderate aortic stenosis. And while we certainly see some impact, we've been actually pretty pleased with how that's going so far, and there's a lot of clinician interest. And then, we just started enrolling last month in our ALLIANCE trial, which is our X4 trial for our next-generation SAPIEN platform. And we've been pleased with the enthusiasm there. You always start the trial a little bit slow as you're getting sites up and you're getting them trained in a brand new valve platform. But overall, we've been pleased with the start.
Larry Wood: Yes. We continue on these efforts even though the hospitals are struggling a little bit to train the patients they have. It takes a while for these patients to move through from diagnosis, to screening and to treatment. And so, we just think it's important to keep raising awareness around aortic stenosis, because it remains woefully undertreated, only about 10% to 15% of patients with severe aortic stenosis actually get treated today. And again, we're running the trials to prove the point with early TAVR and with progress, but we know these patients don't wait well even though some people may think they wait better than they actually do. So we're committed to the evidence, and we're committed to making sure patients are aware and we continue to execute on those programs.
Larry Wood: Yes. I think that's right. I think people are still pent up. And if you try to get a hotel reservation or an airline reservation lately, I think people are certainly taking their vacations, right? But I think the good news is the contrast issue, I think, is largely behind us, maybe not 100%, but pretty close. We're not hearing near as much issue with that. So I think getting that behind us is helpful and -- but as Mike said, we typically do see some seasonality in Q3.
Larry Wood: Yes. You know, Japan has been a little bit unique in terms of how the markets develop. In the other markets, we sort of went from this high risk to this intermediate risk to these low-risk approvals. And in Japan, we went directly from high risk and kind of almost inoperable immediately to low risk. So it's taking time for people to adjust to, sort of, that new normal because it's a much bigger step function. But Mike is absolutely right. In terms of the number of elderly patients there and the opportunity there, even though we've enjoyed pretty robust growth there, the opportunity there remains large.1
Larry Wood: Well, it's sort of two things, right? So in terms of -- when we add new centers, all the cases they do are pretty much add to the growth. But the new centers that we had at this point in time to much smaller programs and they're a little slower than So they're not a huge part of our overall growth story. But one of the things that we do try to keep an eye on is what's happening in the larger programs versus the smaller programs. We have seen a little bit of a trend where when COVID cases start increasing and the variants come on, we tend to see a little bit more growth in the smaller programs. And I think that's staying closer to home. A lot of our big programs, maybe people will travel longer distances and they may be a little bit more reluctant to do so when COVID cases are up. So we've seen that dynamic as COVID has risen and fallen and I don't think this quarter was any different.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. Yes, exactly, Mike. So if you think about on a short-term basis, the TMTT procedures are more resource-intensive. They require general anesthesia, ICU stay for the patients. So therefore, they have been impacted more than any other procedure that we know here.
Bernard Zovighian: No. You're right, Larry. We are -- what you are going to see is a number of analyses done with these pivotal studies. We have the original PASCAL and ACE, a number of mitral generation also. But as you can imagine, like in any pivotal randomized study, you have the first result will represent the data necessary to support approval and adoption. And what you can expect is additional presentation overtime with more analysis.
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks for the question. So in Q2, we continue to grow sequentially quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. We continue to grow our presence, our teams, we open new sites both in Germany and outside of Germany. We feel good about our meaningful presence in Germany, even though there are more to do. Beyond Germany, there is still a lot to do. So the adoption is going at the pace we want in terms of site adoption and PASCAL adoption for sure, the market growth was less than anticipated in Q2. And we expect that to last and to improve gradually in the second part of the year.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So first, let me say, we are pleased with our progress in Europe. So -- building the U.S. launch plan. Having in mind, what we did in Europe, obviously, our great success with TAVR in the U.S. You know, we are currently building the U.S. TMTT field team focusing on obviously high quality of training, making sure that we can execute on our high-touch model, the same way we are doing in Europe, having in mind excellent in the patient outcome. So obviously, we expect our U.S. launch with clinical evidence, which we didn't have when we launched in Europe, which is a big difference. At the same time, one of the other difference also is we are going to have only a DMR approval. So that's the way to think about the U.S. launch.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. And for TMTT today, we completed enrollment. We have CLASP IIF, CLASP II TR. We have TRISCEND II for EVOQUE. So yes, Mike  procedures are more resource intensive and they require more staffing. But we have seen a little bit of an impact, but not so much. We are pleased with the kind of enrollment we are having across all of the TMTT trials.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So on PASCAL, let me address two things. One is maybe the second half of the year and a little bit about PASCAL, the benefit of the device. So second half of the year, we are going to continue executing our strategy opening more sites in Germany, outside of Germany, driving the adoption of PASCAL with our high-touch model. And what we see, obviously, in Europe is that we have a differentiated device. We are very pleased with the kind of patient outcome we are having. But obviously, at TCT with the first of its kind CLASP II randomized study, this is going to inform us, inform the medical community about the difference between the two devices, Tier overall, so a lot of learning coming from the TCT presentation here.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, Mike. So as you know, there is a new process in Europe called MDR. And MDR, it is very -- it is probably more uncertain for very novel breakthrough technologies like EVOQUE. It is new, so they are looking at it. They might ask more clinical data, maybe even randomized data, who knows. So that's basically what we are facing right now. We are obviously partnering with our notified body to make sure they get the need to make an approval here. So now your second question is about repair versus replacement. We believe that we see value in both. I think Mike talked about what we presented at ECC and EuroPCR, where our PASCAL tricuspid CLASP study we are presented. It is a single arm study, and it shows some benefit for patients. And also, we are very excited about the kind of outcome we are having with EVOQUE. So we believe that we have value for both, and it will depend on the patient, patient anatomy, how sick they are.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you. So let me start by saying that we believe that there are many patients in it, many mitral patients, many tricuspid patients in need and that mitral is probably a little larger than tricuspid from an opportunity standpoint, at least at this point. Having said that, to comment on the U.S. DMR opportunity, we are not yet in the U.S. So Abbott is probably the best positioned to talk about how big is the market, the number of cases because we are not yet in this market.
Scott Ullem: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Vijay. We'll just -- maybe the way to answer it is to bridge the midpoint of our original guidance of $2.58 to guidance now, which is more like the bottom of that $2.50 to $2.65. And the moving pieces are probably first and foremost, just the sales change from the original guidance, partly driven by sales and just some of the headwinds that we've talked about, partly driven by FX and how that impacts sales and then flows down to EPS. You know, we're seeing a higher tax rate, as we talked about. We think now the tax rate is going to look something more like 15% of the top end of our original 11% to 15% range. That probably cost us about a nickel. And then we've seen some positives as well. We think we're going to get a couple of pennies from increased interest income as a result of what's happening in the investment market and $0.02 or so share count based upon all the repurchase activities that we've been doing so far. So we're not guiding to fourth quarter EPS down, but that gives you a sense of how the overall year looks compared to our prior guidance.
Scott Ullem: Yes, it's premature to start talking about the different line items of the P&L for 2023. Of course, we'll go through that in detail at the investor conference. But -- because gross margin has been so impacted by FX this year, we did want to give a little bit of a lens into what's going to happen as these hedges start rolling off in 2023. So based upon FX rates right now, we'll lose something like 250 basis points of the 350 basis point benefit we're seeing in 2022. Keep in mind, that's compared to 2021. So in other words, we still think we'll get something like a 100 basis point benefit from FX in 2023 because we've locked in some hedge gains during the first half of this year. All in, for modeling purposes, if you think about 77.5% or something like that, somewhere in that range, that's probably a good modeling assumption for now for next year.
Scott Ullem: Okay. Well, thanks. On the contrast media, I don't know that I can specifically characterize the size. As Larry mentioned, we saw it more in smaller hospitals. We saw more early in the quarter anticipate. Do we think it had an impact on Q2, we do. But it was a smaller impact than overall hospital staffing. So you can almost think of it as an 80-20 thing, something like that. Contrast Media was relatively small by comparison. On the capital spending trends, our only lens that is the Critical Care business. So compared to some others in the medtech industry, they may have a better handle on this because they are more exclusively capital. We're in a very limited segment and it's hard for us to know whether it's the capital budget in hospitals, our own performance, we've had pretty significant demand and we've been able to meet that. And we continue to be pleased with the pipeline of orders that are ahead. So we feel pretty good about the really being capital spending. It's nothing like it was when it was constrained early on in the pandemic, we feel like hospitals are indeed spending, at least from our narrow perspective.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Bill, on SG&A, it was pretty close to what we expected, actually. Remember, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we ended up having pretty high SG&A relative to our plans. It ended up being lower as a result in the first quarter. So it might have looked like a bigger jump just artificially because of the timing and sequencing of Q4 to Q1. But year-over-year in the second quarter, SG&A grew high single digits, pretty close to what we expected. You're right that we are investing pretty aggressively for long-term positioning of TAVR and TMTT in particular, both outside of the U.S. and in the U.S. So we're feeling good about where we are just in terms of our overall SG&A load.
