Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, our strong start to 2017 bolsters our confidence in our focused innovation strategy. We believe there are abundant opportunities within our areas of focus to provide meaningful innovations for patients and drive significant organic growth. Our foundation of leadership, coupled with our robust product pipeline, positions us well for continued long-term success and greater shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. It's – as you know, when you start talking about risk profiles it's always difficult to characterize. Overall, we're very pleased with the quarter. It was a little better than our expectations, several things broke our way. I do think there was a positive impact of the SURTAVI trial. Whenever we see these continued positive outcomes in a robust clinical study like that, I think it does help the overall awareness and therapy adoptions. But for us, we have some positive things break for us in several smaller areas across the quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. As I indicated, we continue to expect the CE Mark and to launch this later this year, so that tells you a little bit about how we feel about it. We're looking forward to having that data presented at EuroPCR, and that'll be 30-day data across the European experience. And what we've seen so far, we're excited about it. We think it has a chance of being a best-in-class, self-expanding TAVR platform. Now having said that, we haven't yet made a decision about the U.S. SAPIEN 3 has been so successful that we really have focused our efforts on indication expansion with the existing device and think that that's more valuable than bringing a second platform right now. But we'll keep you tuned in as this develops.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, the CE Mark itself. We're going to use this data to feed the CE Mark and there's just a lot to do in that regard.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. So let's just start from the top. This has been difficult for us to estimate and especially with a high degree of precision. I'll just remind you, if a valve is approximately $30,000 and there's 500 hospitals, if each hospital had one more or one less procedure per quarter, that's a $15 million swing. So I told you about the difficulty in nailing this and so here we are with 500 centers in the U.S. So what broke our way were several small things. Foreign exchange helped us, probably it was more than $3 million, we probably had a little faster recovery in France than we anticipated. As you indicated, the new hospitals in the U.S. actually ramped up a little faster than we thought. We saw this broad base and we used to see almost all of the growth come from the big centers, but the new centers are clearly adding value. That's going to probably increase slowly over time. And then, we probably didn't see the competitive impact yet. We probably will expect to see it later in the year, but we just didn't feel it in the quarter the way we expected to.
Michael A. Mussallem: You know, we've always believed that this was more of a heart valve market than a stent market. I know people like to draw the analogy to coronary stents. We saw our pricing in heart valves stay pretty stable, and we think this is likely – although it's highly competitive, this is a big burden on a company to be excellent in Transcatheter Heart Valves and we're going to do everything we can that continue to advance the state-of-the-art such that it's not easy for new players or small players to engage. So now it's price playing out pretty close to what we thought, we expect it to be more competitive over time, but it's not unexpected.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. So overall, the U.S. – we didn't really get surprised by any of the trends that we see. We're not sure that there was much difference. The year-over-year share growth – or market growth or procedure growth continued to be strong. We thought it was similar to our own growth levels so that tells you you've just got a fast-growing market. Whether that was stimulated by the SURTAVI results, I don't know, but it's continued to be strong. We look at things sequentially. We sometimes look at procedures per day, and that's had a continued march north and continually improve. But really, nothing unusual. Pricing very stable, clinical sales were not unusual, and I'm not sure the share position's really changed very much as well. In terms of the pipeline in the U.S., yes, we would intend to bring Ultra to the U.S. We probably intend to bring that in 2018. We haven't laid out any specifics, but you should expect that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So as I mentioned, we got a slow start last year on enrolling that low-risk trial PARTNER III. We didn't have – although we picked up and then the ramp has picked up, it was still less than $5 million in the quarter. And not really much different than a year previous, so it wasn't really a contributor to our growth, if you will. We said that we're hopeful that we'll get this enrolled by year-end. So we – it counts on the fact that we're going to continue to get a pick-up in those rates, but this is a big trial and we're continuing to track it.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. You know our feelings about this. We said that there – in our view in the U.S., there are 650,000 patients with severe aortic stenosis and symptoms. and that our treatment rate is under 20%, so we think we have a very long way to go. We're just at the front end of this. And there's lot of obstacles, a lot of issues for us to overcome and that's our challenge, but that's also our opportunity to drive growth over a long term.
Michael A. Mussallem: So first of all in terms of this year, we've only owned this – this is our first quarter owning it and it's too soon for us to update any estimates about what the contribution of Cardioband would be in 2017. More broadly, we've got a lot of progress that we feel good about. But probably not a lot of sales contribution in 2017 and 2018 from the overall portfolio. In terms of CardiAQ, yes, our intention and we believe that a transseptal device will be important for these patients, and that's what we're putting all of our energy into. Of course, we may have a transapical delivery system as well, but we think that ideally for these patients to be treated it would be transseptal. And that's what I was referring to when I said that we would hope to have a CE Mark and a launch in 2019.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, sure. So first of all, there is just a lot of learning. We think it's a really promising therapy. This kind of pause probably shouldn't be unexpected at this early stage. The fact of the matter is, it's a really large valve system, it's in a high-pressure environment and these patients generally have very sick ventricles. So as we gain experience, we've really thought about, we'd need to probably bring a more refined valve system that's likely to have the potential to have an improved safety profile when we bring it. And so there's been a lot of thought about refining the patient selection criteria as well. So we're really trying to bring an improved system when we bring it.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Right now I'm not sure that I would call out a frontrunner. We'll have more clarity on that as time goes on, but we've been pleased with the current progress. We're hitting our timelines, we're having favorable conversations with regulators and feel like there's momentum. I mentioned that we had more than 50 patients with our repair therapies that we had experienced with this quarter. It appears to us that even though they may not be perfectly efficacious that the safety profile associated with these repair technologies is quite good, and that's an encouraging factor and probably the reason that they're likely to have an earlier impact than the replacement technologies.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, it still stands. It really was almost a negligible contribution in the first quarter, but it's too soon for us to really offer up a view on how good to feel about the $10 million to $15 million. We'll let you know here when we get one more quarter under our belt.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. What we modeled at the start of the year is that we would probably grow in Europe at a slower rate than the market so we thought that we would cede some market share. There wasn't to one particular valve system, just broadly to an aggressive set of competitors. We know there is a big difference between competitor's pricing and our pricing, often it can be more than 20% for that matter. So although consolidation might be helpful in the long term, in the near term it's not very clear. One of the things that I wanted to – that we mentioned on our prepared remarks is that we didn't feel like we benefited from the exit of Boston. And a matter of fact, it's more likely that others would be a beneficiary of it. And I think in particular, we think that when we speculate on this that the customers there could often be price sensitive and that they might more likely have something that fit inside their budget that comes from one of our competitors.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think it's fair. We still have models that we could have some mild decline, that's what's in our guidance.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean, we're pleased with the momentum coming out of Q1. I think in general we've seen a modest increase each quarter in sort of the procedures per day or the procedures per billing day so we expect that to incline, to increase. We know that Easter occurs in the second quarter, didn't occur in the first quarter. So that could be a factor that affects second quarter. But other than that, I really can't put my finger on anything unusual.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. No, I think, that's right. That's a good point, Matt. The same thing that we sort of said about Europe, we also assumed about the U.S., is that we would have sales growth. That's probably slightly below the procedure growth across the overall market, and so we thought we would lose some share in the U.S. and that didn't happened much in the first quarter. That's probably more likely to happen in the rest of the year.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. You know what, we weren't really prepared to discuss that on this call. I think in general it's very likely that we're going to launch it in 2018, but I can't give you more specifics than that, Matt.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, you could imagine we're competitive and we believe in SAPIEN 3 and we believe that it's the best product out there and so that's we represent every day. We're also trying to be realistic. We have a very strong share position and we wouldn't be surprised as, for example, as Medtronic launches these larger sizes for them to have some impact.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. It's going to be a challenge. So the response was varied across the customer base. There's about 80 TAVR centers in Germany and some bought more than others. Our guess is that most of the increase or all of the increase probably already occurred and that there's more likely to be some kind of net decline or net usage as time goes forward. And you saw that Scott's comments that what we're modeling here, that's likely or it's reasonable to assume that it's washed out by the end of the year, but it's very difficult for us to estimate how that's going to flow. What you're going to see from us though is a report of underlying growth that takes that out. And so we're going to try and eliminate the impact of those stocking orders so that you can see more or less what same-store sales looks like.
Michael A. Mussallem: So yeah, there are several questions buried in there. So overall, we expect there to be an increase in the usage. So in other words, if we were to reduce it to how many cases are done per day, we think it would go up quarter-after-quarter throughout the year. Now as you correctly noted, last year this extraordinary growth rate that we enjoyed, the comparisons are going to get much tougher. So the actual growth rate that we reported in the U.S. for the out quarters is going to come down significantly from where it is. But that's all in our guidance. We feel very comfortable that we're going to have a strong year, that it's a growing market and that's very consistent with our long-term expectations.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks for that, Glenn. As I try to indicate, it's probably a Q4 launch and frankly in our guidance there's not a lot of impact from CENTERA. It's going to be – it'll be newly launched in 2017 even though we're optimistic about it. We're going to be very thoughtful about that. We're still working out, what we're going to price CENTERA at, and that probably will be an important factor and sort of nailing down our launch plan. So I don't have a lot of specifics but I can say that we don't have a big bump in the numbers for CENTERA as we stand today.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think we're going to be in better position to address questions like that after we see the data from EuroPCR.
Michael A. Mussallem: I hate to say this but I think it's more of the latter, Joanne, that we didn't think that the third quarter was so bad or the fourth quarter was so bad, they're actually pretty impressive growth rates. We were very pleased with what was going on in the U.S. and we continue to be pleased in the first quarter. Again, on the margin, a few little things that might have helped in the first quarter, but overall, very much within what you would expect as a natural variability. I shared that statistic about just one valve a quarter in each center can swing it $15 million in terms of our results. So sometimes I think we can be prone to sort of trying to explain trends too much when some of it can be just specific to some – to a given quarter or even a given month. So I think we need to be a little cautious on trying to read too much into any given quarter. We try and look at the long-term trends and we're obviously in this for the long run.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I mean, we feel good about the gross margin. And as we indicated, one of the things that lift it is the growing TAVR sales. Because TAVR grows faster than the rest of the portfolio, that should have a favorable impact. Now having said that, we're going to be launching hopefully some transcatheter mitral products over time, and those aren't necessarily going to be very attractive from a cost perspective early on. So it's tough to read too much into it long-term. Overall, I think it's a favorable story but it's tough to be precise about.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. A matter of fact, when we refer to countries that are growing at a faster growth rate, the UK is one of those that's growing faster than the rest of Europe. Now again, their penetration rate in terms of treatment historically has been lower than other countries, but it's really started to pick up some momentum. So yeah, we are seeing that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. This is something we watch on a long-term basis and we feel like procedures per day has been routinely increasing throughout the course of the past several years. Just to talk a little bit more specifically about U.S. TAVR centers, we mentioned there's more than 500. We probably added more than 10 in Q1. We expect that number of centers to slowly increase. As a matter of fact, we've been kind of surprised that there's been an addition of these newly qualifying centers. So there is obviously a driving force and they've come up pretty fast and started to contribute to procedure growth. So it's been meaningful.
Michael A. Mussallem: We still have to learn about that. As I mentioned, this is a groundbreaking trial, really first of its kind. And even though we're studying severe aortic stenosis patients, these are patients without diagnosed symptoms so it's really tough for us to estimate what enrollment is going to be like. We know that some centers already have patients that they've identified, but it's not clear how prevalent that is and how it's going to go. So we're going to learn a lot. We're also going to learn something, that when somebody gets enrolled in the trial, do they drop out? Once they go on the treadmill do they actually demonstrate symptoms which would make them TAVR candidates, but they would step out of the trial, and all that. So it's going to be a steep learning curve for us and we find it difficult to predict.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I think it's still too new. I wouldn't say that we got any benefit, for example, in Q1. So the screening is just now taking place. The key unknown is that treadmill is in the guidance but we know that there's many physicians that are cautious about putting a patient on a treadmill. So again, we're going to learn a lot about the practice of medicine and at this point, we just don't have much insight. But again, if the question was really, did we already get the benefit from that, the answer is no.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So, yeah, I mean, you're right that these customers have been impacted by injunctions of one sort or another in the past so they have that. This was a response by the customers. I mean, they made the choice to buy this additional product to make sure that they had an uninterrupted supply of SAPIEN 3 and we took that as a compliment. We're very pleased that was done without any special discounts or anything to benefit it. It's tough for us to predict exactly how the dynamics are going to go in Germany, as you know it's not all our decisions, some of it depends on the other party. So I really don't have much else to add.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I think the biggest thing for us is just the continued uptick in procedures per day. We got a little bit of lift, the same (01:00:50) from the new centers that were added. We probably would've expected that we would have been impacted by competition more and it didn't really come in the first quarter. That's probably going to come later on. So those are maybe, some of the key contributing factors.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for your continued interest in Edwards and all of your favorable comments. Scott, David and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone.
Scott B. Ullem: So to your first question, Bob, yes, it excludes any impact from stocking activity in Germany. And in terms of EPS, it really largely reflects the strong start to the first quarter. And so that's most of the driver to increasing the range of earnings guidance for the year.
Scott B. Ullem: I'll just add to that, Bruce, it's Scott, that longer-term we expect this global market to be $5-plus billion. And if you just do the compounded math on that, it gets you to a mid-teens underlying growth rate over time. The sequential growth rate quarter-to-quarter may jump around a fair bit as we've seen historically based upon seasonality and other factors just relating to therapy adoption.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah. So we'll show every quarter what the adjusted sales are, which looks through the stocking and the destocking. We'll also obviously show the GAAP results. And the way we're calculating this is really going center-by-center, tabulating with the help of our field sales personnel what the order trends are and making some assumptions and decisions around inventory turns and how much of this consumption is related to new orders and how much of it is related to destocking. But we're going to break out both numbers and be very transparent about how we arrived at the tallies.
Scott B. Ullem: So yeah, it assumes nothing relating to Boston. In terms of the FX benefit, we had a little bit of a tailwind in Q1 and we're expecting that just round numbers, instead of an $80 million headwind to sales that we expected over 2017 back at our investor conference, we're now thinking it may be in the neighborhood of $50 million. Obviously, the currency markets have been moving around a lot. Euro has strengthened, yen has weakened so we'll update that number as time goes on. But it would probably be less of a headwind in terms of sales than we originally anticipated. For earnings per share, no real impact because we've got this foreign exchange hedging program in place that insulates our EPS, at least for the course of 2017.
