Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. The exciting developments that occurred so far this year reinforce our confidence and our focused innovation strategy and our longer-term outlook. And we anticipate a year of value creation as we pursue important therapies that will benefit many more patients. We look forward to launching a number of new technologies as well as achieving important milestones across all of our product lines. We're confident that our differentiated strategy and focus on leadership will continue to create value and benefit the patients we serve. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Thanks, Vijay. Yes, so we expected obviously the PARTNER 3 Trial to be positive and that growth rates would accelerate moderately following Q1. And the early results have gone much the way we planned. So we really thought that this was the way, it would play out. In terms of share position, what -- well maybe I'll just back up for a second. So our guidance is unchanged in TAVR. When we issued our assumptions about competition, what we inferred is that Boston would get their approval mid-year and that there would be an approval of the portico technology by year-end. I don't know that any of those have meaningful impact on our guidance. The Boston information is new to us. It's not something that we had looked at but I don't anticipate that it's going to have a significant impact on our guidance.
Mike Mussallem: Well, yes, we believe that the old NCD is outdated and clearly needed to be modernized. And so we really commence CMS untackling the challenge of improving access, while trying to protect the quality of the patient outcomes. And we're encouraged by the progress that they made. Directionally we feel like the draft moves in the right direction. It doesn't achieve equipoise between surgery and TAVR but it does offer the opportunity to expand patient access and we're optimistic that the final rule is going to be an improvement over the current NCD. We just recall, well this is just a draft, so it's going to be hard to be exact with our assumptions about the impact.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So big picture we thought share was going to be pretty stable. We anticipated with new entrants in the U.S. that that would cost us some share but we also thought that we would do pretty well outside the U.S. So not a big change. One of the important things in addition to obviously the strength of the PARTNER 3 data is the introduction of Ultra and CENTERA. And as we indicated those really didn't have impact on our sales growth rate significantly in Q1 but were positive on the introduction of those products. We're just being very deliberate in terms of the way that we roll those out.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so certainly the fact that PASCAL came a couple of months earlier just reinforced our confidence in that. We always felt that there would be more PASCAL than there was Cardioband and the Cardioband is that supply situation is continuing to improve. But we're also very pleased with the introduction of PASCAL.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bob. You got to remember when we introduced that intermediate risk data; it was also at a time that we were launching SAPIEN 3. So there were a couple of things going on at the same time. We always assumed that there would be favorable trial results but we didn't assume superiority and we didn't think superiority was necessary to change practice. But having said that, it is a boost. We've heard a lot of favorable comments from clinicians. We just know from experience that practice of medicine changes pretty slowly with guideline changes, with education, with awareness. And so we're thoughtful about just how much that changes. And again probably think of it more as a ramp than a step.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks Bob. So again we've got the CE Mark a couple of months earlier than we expected and we are launching on a pretty controlled basis in Europe. We're very focused on physician training, procedural success, great outcomes because it's really a different procedure, it's a different technology than physicians have experienced in the past and we're very -- being very deliberate about that. They're ready for PASCAL and our early experience demonstrates that there are many patients that could benefit from this therapy. In terms of PCR, we do expect there to be data there but even before that at this meeting DGK, we would expect to see the mitral CE Mark trial. This is the class, the 62 patients at 30 days at that meeting. And I think you'll see some more information there. And then at PCR, there's a chance that we'll see six months results on that same group of patients.
Mike Mussallem: So I would just in general say that we've been more disciplined than we originally anticipated with Ultra. We've learned with experience that the system is different enough from SAPIEN 3 and that as we really try and drive super high performance. It's beneficial for us to be careful, and as you noted, it is a different sheath. And so it's something that clinicians need to learn. We've gotten very favorable feedback on the Ultra valve but I'll also tell you that SAPIEN 3 remains immensely popular with our clinicians. So we're rolling that out at this point. We only began launching in Germany just late in the quarter. So maybe that gives us some insight into how it's going.
Mike Mussallem: That's a lot of questions, Larry. I hope I remember them all. So let me start from the beginning. We don't necessarily think that FDA is going to hold it up waiting for the registry on bicuspid. We think that what was submitted should be adequate for approval. I'll just add that bicuspid is not off-label today and we don't expect that to be a change when the new technology is ultimately approved. In terms of the questions about leaflet thrombosis, we're going to continue collecting that but we think that the data submitted is adequate for approval.
Mike Mussallem: Now that's a good catch, Chris. We had a little subtle change actually into what we're guiding and you're right. We had indicated that it was going to be Cardioband first but at this point we have three technologies that are going through early feasibility studies. So that includes PHARMA, PASCAL, and Cardioband and we'd like to -- we're just trying to send a signal that we're going to fully evaluate that data before we make decisions. We're committed to start a pivotal trial by the end of the year but we're going to sort through that data first.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so we did pause that trial while we're evaluating trial design and remember some of this was related to the fact that there was co-app data that was relatively new once that trial had started. So we plan to reinitiate that enrolment and get that going once we have that trial approved that we expect that to happen later in the year.
Mike Mussallem: No, I think that's right, Chris. We do feel like the growth rate in Europe was a little slower, in terms of the total number of procedures, a little slower than it had been last year. Matter of fact, we think that was true globally. It was kind of interesting things seem to get off to a slower start in January almost around the globe. There may have been a little bit of an impact from billing days but it was a little bit slower growth in the quarter. We seem to see that in 2018 as well. So we're examining that more closely on a seasonal basis.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. As we've talked about in the past, right, we're probably better at predicting the long-term growth rates than we are the growth rate in a given quarter, there's a lot of things that influence it. We do think that there is going to be a sequential step-up in growth. We think the approval is important and so there we'll be -- we would think that what we would see in the near-term would be some of those borderline kind of patients whereas longer-term once we actually have an approval in place that that would help stimulate the growth of the overall number of procedures. What was the second part of your question? Oh yes, Japan. So, yes, Japan we keep talking about there's this is a tremendous number of elderly people and therefore elderly patients and we believe the AS burden is very large in Japan. And we've been very pleased with the growth rate in Japan but the addition of centers has been quite deliberate in Japan. And so that growth rate although very positive and a contributor to our overall growth has still continued to move at a relatively slow rate. And we look forward to unlocking the potential of that opportunity over the long-term.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Rick. Even though that feels like a long time ago, it really hasn't been so long since ACC and it's hard to deduce any significant trends at this point in time. In terms of the difference in pacemaker, that's probably best answered by doctors. You know that it's always challenging to compare various clinical trials but we're very proud of the results that we've generated in PARTNER 3 and we think the results speak for themselves.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks very much. So what we've said is that we have increased confidence in achieving the approximately $40 million sales for total TMTT in 2019. I will add that of course the litigation adds some risk to the sales projections. But overall we feel quite good about it. We think that there's going to be a ramp that lifts over time and PASCAL was just introduced partway through the first quarter. So we're pleased with the first quarter results. And as we indicated before, we think there's going to be more PASCAL sales than Cardioband. One of the things that's going to help out Cardioband is as we transfer production from the existing site into Edwards sites, we expect that supply condition to gradually improve. So yes, Cardioband will become more important but PASCAL will become more important at the same time.
Mike Mussallem: Sure, Joanne. Yes, I think we would say that we probably have slowed down the launch of CENTERA versus our original rollout plan. The original plan called for minimal proctoring based on site feedback but we're increasing the training and the proctoring requirements and that's going to affect the ramp. So even though we get some very, very positive feedback from those folks that have gone through the training and the proctoring, we find that it is a valuable feature and so we've only gone to a limited number of centers so far and we look forward to ramping that up during the course of the year.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Joanne. So, no, we continue to see much of the same trends that we've talked about in the past in pricing. So pricing is pretty comparable in the U.S. today. In Europe, there's a big delta between us and let's say all of our competitors. We do not plan to implement a tiered pricing strategy. We -- our thought here is to introduce the very best technology that we have available and we think ultimately the Ultra Valve will be our workhorse product for Europe and the rest of the globe.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Jason. Let me take a shot at answering your question, you can tell me if I get there or not. You're right. The big centers are the best prepared, they have the most experience and they're the best staffed in the business. And, yes, if we get some streamlining and modernizing the NCD, it clearly will improve that process and should lead to less patient visits and a process that's not as prolonged as it is today because even in the best centers, it can be painful. So having said that, so that sounds like it's going to ramp up. I'll also mention that it's the same large centers that also are taking on competing therapies like mitral and tricuspid. So they also have a little bit of split attention. So it's -- it's a little bit of a mixed bag. We have a difficult time being very accurate with that at this point.
Mike Mussallem: All right, I'm going to take a shot at answering there are several questions there, Jason. First of all the data was really positive and we think it's going to have some profound impact in the long-term. As we've mentioned it's going to take some time to practice medicine changes slow for a number of reasons. Speaking of international, we've heard a lot of excitement from clinicians but we expect the impact to be a little bit more modest in the near-term because the guidelines are going to take some time to change, the actual low risk approval probably doesn't come till 2020. And also reimbursement is important in many of these countries and that's likely to change slowly. In Japan, although this data is going to be very powerful, one of the constraints there we believe is there is simply not enough centers to be able to handle the population and the referral patterns in that country. So there may be constraints that don't have a lot to do with the excellent PARTNER 3 data.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. That's a tough one to call. We do think it's going to be a tailwind and it'll be favorable but again we expect more of a ramp with more of a long-term impact.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So I'm not sure that the training is going to change, it's probably going to be the same. So many of the centers that need to be in there and obviously need to have established capabilities, they need to have the capability to handle catheter based procedures. They need to have surgical capability. It’s just I think the new requirements make it accessible, the potential to make it accessible to a larger group of hospitals but there's still going to need if the draft is adopted 300 PCI's and so forth.  So there's a limitation. We don't expect the number of centers to approach for example to more than 1,100 centers that today do surgical valve replacements. But there is the potential for it to come up and we think that we'll be able to provide the support necessary.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Josh. See, I'm not going to comment on the number of patient's necessary for the CE Mark, I don't know that we would share that and I don't think I know it myself anyway. But in terms of the permanent pacemaker rate, I'd say we don't expect it to be very different because the frame is compact and our balloon expandable designs are relatively similar and very different from the designs that you'll see from our competitors self expanding designs. We think there really is going to be a difference but we're going to have to just see that play out in the data but we're not expecting it to be substantially different.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Well you saw the distribution of valve sizes that was presented in the PARTNER 3 data and that had a full representation of all of our valve sizes and I think the results kind of speak for themselves. We had 99% of the patients that were alive and without significant stroke at a year in this really important dataset. So I think it kind of answers the question about patient prostheses mismatch. The data is sort of the ultimate arbitrator of that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So I think what we're really saying is that if you take a look at the new centers, their growth rate was just higher than those centers, they're much larger and been around for a while. I don't know that that's really affected by the NCD or PARTNER 3, I think it's much more attributed to the fact this is a new group of patients and now they have some local referral pathway that wasn't available before and that's the key driver of their growth.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So far the number of new centers has been pretty consistent here over the recent past. And if the draft NCD goes through it's likely to stay at a relatively consistent basis since there would be more centers added, we think they would be added gradually. But again we don't think it comes anywhere close to approaching the number of centers of the 1,100 plus centers that do surgical AVR.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bruce. Yes, you said it right. There's been an incredible amount of excitement around this, it was really eye popping data and the clinicians were truly thrilled especially those that have been held long history with this therapy and have seen it over the many years just get better and better. And this really feel like a big moment, I think for those of us that are very close to this and for the clinicians as well we felt like this was one of those top 10 moments in the history of the treatment of heart valves that good to see these kind of results. So it was amazing. I'd say the results were even beyond our own expectations. But having said that, we know Ultra valve that the practice of medicine changes relatively slowly and it's going to take approval and coverage in the rest of it to happen. But we're really encouraged on a long-term basis.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, well you know from a big picture perspective, we look forward to the day. We're not measuring quality with a surrogate like volume. So I look forward to that becoming the reality. But having said that, I do think CMS was more moderate in terms of the volume requirements and we're not particularly alarmed by the requirements to maintain the program.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. So the two things, one is why do we think that the volume is going to go up. We just think that that data that was presented at ACC and the New England Journal was really compelling data and that it will stimulate the growth of the market. Secondly, we think the new products are very much making a difference as well. And so we look forward to that. And that's going to be -- that's going to be important. And the NCD could have some impact even beyond that so all those are favorable. In terms of what we've seen before or what we've seen so far. I would say it's going very much as planned. We expected it to be positive and it's very early to do any predicting but things are at this point proceeding much the way that we anticipated.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks for the question. Well the shot clock is running out on this call. And I want to thank everybody for their continued interest in Edwards. And Scott and I welcome any additional questions by telephone.
Scott Ullem: And David, it's Scott. On the guidance increase, we're increasing both ends of guidance by a nickel. And if you assume that we beat by about a dime versus our guidance for the first quarter. Keep in mind, we expect some higher spending in Qs two through four mostly because we have some delayed spending from the first quarter and continued investments that we're making in the business. Tax is also going to be a tailwind for the rest of the year versus our January guidance but it's not large enough to offset the higher spending.
Scott Ullem: Yes, it's Scott. Our -- yes, it was $181 million cash flow from operations if you add back the payment to Boston Scientific. Our overall cash flow estimates for the year have not changed dollars; we're still at $800 million to $900 million for free cash flow. Just remember the first quarter is always low just seasonally. We've got a lot of confidence that we're going to be on track to do the $800 million to $900 million for the full-year.
Scott Ullem: Sure. So we actually gave a little bit of a preview to this at the Investor Conference in December and we had a slide that outlined some of the initiatives that we're really focused on including improving our yields. I'm really leaning out our operations getting harmonized across our different facilities around the world and making sure the logistics are as efficient as they can be. And then we also spend a lot of time focused on our supplier base and trying to make sure that we're being as efficient as possible and supplying components for different products. So all that together has left us in a pretty favorable position not just in the first quarter, we think for the rest of the year as well that efficiencies may be able to offset the incremental expense associated with the continued investment in our capacity and making sure we've got redundant production facilities around the world.
