Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. As the transcatheter valve procedures continue to expand and we further strengthen our competitive position with innovative new technologies, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity represented by transcatheter valves. Edwards remains dedicated to investing in transformational structural heart disease, therapies and Critical Care technologies for clinicians and their patients around the world. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, as I think we mentioned, Larry, the clinical sales were comparable to last quarter. I think last quarter, they were around $13 million. And the net stocking was a decrease to that of approximately 10%. So if you put those together, I guess, you'd back into commercial sales that were pretty close to the same numbers as the reported sales, right? Commercial sales being in that $77 million, $78 million range.
Michael A. Mussallem: Exactly, Larry. That's completely separate. The net stocking was about a 10% decrease that was separate from the reversal.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think we've been vocal about that in the past. We have requested the 29 millimeter and the high risk indication. But obviously, it's subject to the FDA's decision.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we would have hoped that we would have had it approved by now, Rick. But we are confident that we're going to receive it this quarter. I don't have anything specific to add about the process. But as you can imagine, we're pretty far along in that process at this time.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think I've commented on this in the past. We really -- we don't know is the short answer. We have a 2-year endpoint on that, and I will still continue for the purpose of how you do your estimations to continue to anticipate that. Obviously, if we think there's some opportunity, we'd consider that as an alternative. But I don't have anything that can provide clarification at this point, Bruce.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we don't think Medtronic's arguments have much merit in that regard. And we think that Judge Sleet has already agreed with our position. This is not something that is being litigated.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, yes, thanks very much, David. Broadly, even if it was just SAPIEN in the market, we think that the market would do some growing. But we think that there is some significant uptick will come from having valves that will treat patients with larger annulus. So for example, of our 29-millimeter valve were available, like what happened in Europe, we thought there was substantial uptick in market growth with that 29-millimeter valve. Separate from that is just the access issue. One of the challenges associated with the SAPIEN platform, which is our earliest generation, that's the only country that we still sell it in is this large profile. And we think when we get down to an 18 French profile, like in SAPIEN XT, that will also be an accelerator of the market. So we think that's maybe, let alone, when you get do something like SAPIEN 3.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, one of the things that we see and maybe one of ways to look at it, David, it's hard for anyone to be absolutely quantitative on this, is we're seeing over 50%. Sometimes it's close to 60% of procedures being done transapically, right now with the SAPIEN system. Once we are in Europe, well penetrated with XT that move to more of a 70-30 split. And we're watching that move again with SAPIEN 3 to some kind of higher numbers, probably in excess of 80-20, maybe even 85-15. So it gives us some kind of signal about what happens when you get these smaller delivery profiles.
Michael A. Mussallem: We've been, Raj -- I mean, thanks for the question. We're trying to get off specific center accounts. One of the things that we did say, though, is that we're on track to meet our previously stated goal of 45 to 65 new centers in the year. So we had a nice uptick in centers in the quarter that was very consistent with being able to stay within that target.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. I think, I noted that the growth in Europe, it seemed like it had picked up in the second half of last year. And we think Q1 was even stronger than that, stronger than we had expected. That growth rate must have moved into the mid-teens at this point. Growth seem to be spread across the continent. So many countries, pretty much all the countries, were engaged, including the south of Europe. And I -- we attribute it to a combination of sort of just the growing body of impressive clinical evidence. But also, in particular, because of S -- SAPIEN 3 is lower profile and the PV Leak solution, we think that may start to stimulate some clinicians to move a little faster than they might have in the past, although it's a little early to say that decisively.
Michael A. Mussallem: No. I mean, Germany, as I think, well noted that the treatment rate in Germany is much higher than many of the other countries in Europe. But here it is, continuing to grow in double digits. So I don't know how you characterize how far along that is. It's still going.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, a few things. One is, we are getting -- most of the growth is coming from existing centers, there's no doubt about that. We're -- there are some new centers, I think, particularly in France, but most of it is coming from existing centers. I think, as we noted, that where -- even before we've launched S3 in the accounts, where XT is available and not SAPIEN 3, we're watching XT gain some market share. So we've also experienced that. And I guess, that probably gets at the key part of the question, Jason.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Danielle. What I would say so far, it's probably gone pretty much the way we expect it. We don't give specific share assumptions, but we have that first mover advantage, and we think there's a lot of clinical preference that goes along with that. It's going to be important for us to get XT. Once that's approved, we think that's going to be important. The fact that we don't have XT right now means that we feel particularly some impact on these larger sizes. But short of that, I don't know that there's much else that is out of what you would expect.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. No, not really. It's really hard to say. It's a smaller percentage of patients. And again, if those were going to competitive products, we would probably have a little less insight on it as well.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So I think the fact that there are more competitors, that may have some lift. But the biggest thing about new devices, is the fact that both you have the slower -- the lower profile on the way, and I think that's very attractive, and when you have a larger annular sizes that could be treated. Those things are meaningful in terms of lifting the market. When you combine it with the fact that the evidence is just continuing to build, every time we hear presentations for the most part, it's demonstrating that it's better and better, we know that patients prefer this option. And so we think that will drive growth. And I think, we've been pretty vocal in terms of what we think that growth can do long-term. When I reflect back, it's some of these clinical trials that we've been involved in. So when people get randomized for surgery, we even find 10% of those patients off and will opt out of the trial rather than have surgery. It tells you a little bit about the mindset of these patients and their preference for catheter-based options.
Michael A. Mussallem: So in Europe, the 23-millimeter, 26-millimeter and 29-millimeter is available. The 20-millimeter is still in a study. That's enrolled slowly. And we expect that, I think, sometime in 2015.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So a couple of things. One, in terms of SAPIEN 3, I think we'll see some of the CE Mark data on SAPIEN 3. Additionally, and I'm not sure about this, we may see some data from John Webb on his experience or some of the Canadian experience on SAPIEN 3. But I think it's not going to be a huge data set at this point. But it'll give a -- it'll be a good indicator. We -- there is a late breaker presentation that's planned at EuroPCR for our FORTIS mitral valve. So that will, obviously, be a small experience at this point, but there is a plan for a presentation.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We're still early in this is the short answer. And you just -- it's hard to have a good feel for durable success without significantly more experience and more longer term follow-up than we have or any of the competitors at this point. So this is one that I think is going to bear watching closely, David. It's too early at this stage of the game to fully judge the value or competitiveness of any program, ours included.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, we're not. No, we think that's pretty mature to be thinking about that, David. We'll let you know if we -- if the data supports moving forward to a CE Mark.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think we have been pretty vocal to hear that we have tried to provide some room. And we've been consistent about that, about the fact that we have not asked that there be some out right ban of core valve. When we get into these kinds of discussions, they're confidential. However, we expect that they're going to continue with respect in particular to what the district court has asked us to do, which is to work something out in conjunction with this preliminary injunction. So I'm not able to provide any more color other than that, Glenn, but hopefully it gives you a sense that we would like to reach resolution, as the judge indicated.
Michael A. Mussallem: Glenn, as you might imagine, this all happened over a matter of days. And so I think we went back and forth, and there was -- it looked like some sincere movement by both companies. But the judge really limited the number of sites. He's the one that said that, and so we are operating under his instruction.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, there was a little bit of stocking in SAPIEN 3, but it was very small. And I mean, very small, I don't want to say that it was probably not even -- it was just small. Maybe not even 1 million or so.
Michael A. Mussallem: I do not expect to see the SAPIEN XT at EuroPCR. We would expect that there probably be some 2-year data sometime later on this year at a medical meeting, but not at EuroPCR.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I don't know. It's our sense that the market is going to be stimulated by the addition of valves that are allowed to -- that can treat some larger patient annulus and also the attraction associated with smaller profiles, Chris, so we don't think it's going to be a negative trend in the market. We think it'll be the opposite.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I think what we've reported was not just Europe alone, but OUS. And what we said is that over half of that growth was by -- it is just a pickup in overall procedures across the geographies, and so that's not share gain. In terms of the combination of SAPIEN 3 and XT did gain share. And I -- what I tried to note in my earlier comments that we have places where SAPIEN 3 -- it's only been -- it's early in the introduction. So it's accounted for less than 1/3 of the OUS sales. In the -- so in addition to whatever SAPIEN 3 share might have come, which there was some, the XT was actually gaining share within the accounts where it was still isolated as the only valve available.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's a good question, Chris. We feel like we noted this impact had started earlier. So the second half of last year, we felt like it picked up, and Europe was going nicely, maybe some of that was the recovery in the South, but we're also are seeing it broadly across all of Europe. It really ticked up in the first quarter. And possibly that was stimulated by SAPIEN 3's entree into the market. It may have stimulated some interest. But it's still early, Chris, and it's hard to know what's driving that.
Michael A. Mussallem: It's a really good question, Bob. Unfortunately, the appellate court didn't give us a lot of definition. They said pending further notice. And so what that means is that this is really a fluid situation that's evolving each week. It's possible that the appellate court could act before the scheduled June hearing, but we would be guessing. And we'd also anticipate that we'd be back in front of Judge Sleet on May 21. But again, a very fluid situation that's difficult to predict.
Michael A. Mussallem: Oh, well, in particular, I think the appellate court seem to indicate that they would hear this in Q3. There's a June 19 briefing that has been established and the hearing would be later. And so we're expecting that would be Q3. But again, that's kind of our best estimate, Bob.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I don't know. The -- in the past, the appellate court has taken some time before that's taken place. So I have not heard of specific date, Bob. But when we have something, I'll update you on the future call. Okay, well, thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
Scott B. Ullem: It's a good question. It's something that we've really tried to shy away from in terms of reporting product line gross profitability. And so we've been intentionally vague about it. But I'll try to give you a little bit of roadmap to at least see through the impact of this sales swap reserve. But beyond that, we just can't get any the details about what's the profitability of different SAPIEN products and surgical valves and so on.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, we did. The non-GAAP gross -- the GAAP gross margin was 72.1%. And we said, roughly a couple of 100 basis points of that gross margin decline versus last year represents the impact of that sales return reserve. So call it, 74-plus percent gross margin, if you strip out the impact of the sales returns reserve.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, again, all the guidance is exclusive of the reserve. The guidance completely disregards the accounting reserve activity. So the 73% gross margin that we guided to is exclusive of any reserve activity, in or out.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, same thing. That's a non-GAAP -- that's non-GAAP sales guidance. So the GAAP number will show the ins and outs to that sales return reserve. But really, in terms of just modeling the year and the quarters, all the numbers that we've given you are non-GAAP.
