Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, we're very pleased to achieve strong financial performance and significant progress on transformational new therapies across our businesses in 2016 and expect continued growth and progress in 2017. We are enthusiastic about the continued expansion of catheter-based therapies for the many structural heart patients in need, which positions us well for the long-term. We believe our patient-focused innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to both healthcare systems and shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, David. Yeah, in the U.S., I think we would broadly say that share positions compared to the last couple of quarters have been pretty flat. I think we had a share gain versus the prior year, but they probably have been pretty comparable here over the recent past. If you go to Europe, I think your assessment is correct that if you take the French situation out, market shares once again were pretty stable. Overall, sort of the new competitors are accounting for something in the mid-teens of market share, so not a lot moved other than France.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, yeah, thanks, David. They're both really important. So, market development is probably more near-term and more important. As we indicated at the Investor Conference, we're penetrated maybe at the – our estimate was the 18% level and that that needed a move to something like to 30% level by 2021. So, for us to make sure that we're doing our work to properly make sure that physicians and patients have the best information is really important and we're focused on that. We're building that organization and we're building that capabilities. But separate from that and you know we're long-run guys, we're engaged in wanting to study this group of patients that have not yet demonstrated symptoms. We're firm believers that people with severe aortic stenosis are really at risk and we're prepared to do the clinical study to test that. We won't get our results for a while, of course, but we think it could be very meaningful once you get out into the future, probably beyond 2021.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. Yeah, that's a really good point and a good question. Frankly, we don't know a lot about this group of patients. We're really looking forward to learning much more about it. So, the real answer to your question is unknown. There are number of physicians we talked to that speculate that although the patients have previously been diagnosed with no symptoms that once they're on a treadmill, they might indeed have symptoms, which would mean that they would be candidates for the therapy in the near-term to either maybe if they're in intermediate risk to be treated commercially or if they're at low-risk to potentially go into the PARTNER III trial.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Bob. I can't say there were any real surprises. It was pretty much as we expected. I will tell you the very end of the year finished stronger than we anticipated would. We did an estimate at the time of the Investor Conference never being too sure how it's going to turn out around the holiday period, and it – that turned out stronger than we thought. But other than that, I thought it went very much as we anticipated.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. So, yeah, we think the 15% to 20% is right on. When we put that estimate in place at the time of Investor Conference, there wasn't a lot that we learned since that time, so we think that that is a good estimate and we would encourage you to think about that as you think about our growth rates. In terms of CardiAQ, I'll just refer you back to what we said. We said that we are engaged in this and we've been going through this process where we tried to very thoughtfully make sure that we learned from all of our clinical experiences. And we saw something that we decided we wanted to – and this is again totally voluntary, go back and take a look at. And so, we're running some internal tests associated with that to make sure that we feel comfortable moving forward. We're doing this in complete cooperation with our clinical investigators. The teams continues to be very positive, but it's just a step that we're going to go through. It's a bit of a signal of just how early this therapy is. We're still on our pretty steep learning curve across the board, we're seeing the learn in every case not only something about our device, we learn something about the procedure, something about imaging, and something about anticoagulation, and we're trying to apply all those learnings as we go.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Let me try and walk you through it, Larry, and if I miss something, we'll come back to it. We were not saying that the CE Mark is off for 2018, it's still possible for us to get that. We'll keep you informed of all the developments. We're just pausing enrollment. And that's not really unexpected for something at this early stage and transformative. Your second question about how we're going to perform in France, we would hope that we would do well. France is a growing market and we would hope to regain some, if not all, of that share during 2017. So, to your question of why was Q3 different than Q4, during Q3, people were still working off inventories and in Q4 they felt the full brunt of the effect. And so, I think it's just that simple. Finally, your question was about Cardioband, we're early in this process. This only closed – what, a week ago. And so we're putting together a separate field organization in Europe, that's a combination of the team from Valtech and Edwards and we're getting ready to take the field. So, I don't have much more to report at this point, but we'll keep you posted, and each quarter we'll share with you our progress on sales.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. At this point, I'm not sure that this is worth detailing. We're adding some senior leadership that will bring some more experience, Edwards people that have experience with therapy adoption in other fields. Beyond that, we're going to use actually a host of different, I will call it methods to be able to drive education and therapy adoption. In the U.S., it will be largely web-based, there will be – there is a lot of actually telephone conversations, and direct contact, and seminars in Europe and Japan that seem to be effective. So, there is going to be a variety of tools that are applied, and we'll try and be a little bit more granular for you as time goes on.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So, it's designed to be a superiority study. It is randomized. We expect it to have a two-year composite endpoint, and the endpoint is likely to include death, stroke, and rehospitalization.
Michael A. Mussallem: We're going to randomize it between SAPIEN 3 and clinical surveillance, and I think it's going to have about 1,000 patients in it.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Without getting into specifics on Japan, I think there are just two companies approved in Japan and we're fortunate last year that we had SAPIEN 3 approved. And we've been really pleased at the way that the therapy is being adopted in Japan. If you'll recall, we got off to kind of a slow start a couple of years ago and there were a number of structural elements that were obstacles. But at this point, we feel like much of those have been cleared. I think, we're probably headed – maybe around 100 accounts in Japan and we continue to think that that has a total addressable opportunity of $300 million to $400 million.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, we think, there's reasons to be conservative. We think, across Europe, it's been many years since this technology has been adopted. We expect the market's probably going to grow a little faster than Edwards that will lose a little bit of share, probably both in Europe and the U.S. So, I ask you to keep that in mind when you think about how realistic the 15% to 20% is. We think that's a pretty good estimate and not that conservative.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. We don't think so. We give our centers that are involved, for example, with us on the PARTNER trials an opportunity to enroll in the EARLY-TAVR, and we think it's been probably in excess of 90% of those centers have said that, yeah, they're interested and they feel like they do have the bandwidth to do that. The good news is they have infrastructure in place that they can leverage. So that's helpful. And this really is a new group of patients that they haven't addressed before. So we believe that they can handle it. We got a lot to learn, though, because this is a new field for us.
Michael A. Mussallem: It is fair to look at it. We have some efforts in place and we're proud of those, but we think we're still relative novices at this and growing. So, we'd like to think we'd have – we'd be more effective in the future.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So, as we've indicated, we expect to get the CE Mark by the end of the year and we expect it to be based on data that probably is presented at EuroPCR meeting in May. So, I think that's going to be a good chance for you to get a look at that, Matt, and be able to judge what kind of a therapy that is.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Even though, the Valtech is new to Edwards, we also are excited about Cardioband for tricuspid regurgitation. And they tell us they've got some pretty good momentum, so we believe that that CE Mark trial could be enrolled by the end of 2017.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I don't have any update on that one. We'll keep you tuned in, Matt, and we'll need to let other people ask questions, thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. We – I think, your point's a good one. We think if they have – if they show good results, that's only a positive for patients, not only it helps transcatheter aortic valve replacement therapy as a total class. And so, we actually hope that they're successful in treating these patients and we'll be anxiously awaiting the results like you.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Raj. Yeah, there are a number of things about the Cardioband that we find attractive, but there's also opportunities for improvement. And yeah, absolutely, one of them is to shorten procedure times. Those can be really very lengthily and tedious, and we have a number of ideas that the R&D team has to be able to shorten this procedure time. And so that's going to be one of the key areas of focus for us as well as to try and put some engineering into the system to improve reliability and take out cost.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I'm not going to speculate. There's really a broad range of things that could happen from where we are right now. Just to be clear, we just suspended clinical enrollments. We didn't really pause the whole program. And I don't know that pausing is that unusual for this sort of an early stage in transformative technology. As I tried to relate earlier, we're on a steep learning curve and to place a valve in the mitral position is a tough task and to do it well. The valves are large. The pressures are high. The anatomy is very complex. There are very serious imaging challenges. There's coagulation challenges. And so we're on a steep learning curve and we're very pleased at the pace that we're moving at. We just decided on this feature that we were going to pause this while we're going through our own internal tests. So we'll keep you tuned in. And we're hopeful that it's positive and that we'll be back rolling again in the second quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: So I'll tell you my understanding and then again I'm not an expert. And I think, collectively, the clinical community is going to learn something as well. These are patients again with severe aortic stenosis. So someone has done an echo or an ultrasound on this patient and found that their valve is closed. So typically, it starts out with a murmur. They get a diagnostic echo. That echo says that they have severe aortic stenosis. But their physician does not diagnose symptoms. So I think the first step of the clinical trial actually is to put this patient on a treadmill in addition to a number of other diagnostic tests. And so this would be the first interesting test. And then ultimately if they show no – demonstrate a lack of symptoms, they'd be randomized between getting a transcatheter aortic SAPIEN 3 by femoral delivery or just clinical surveillance.
Michael A. Mussallem: We don't have a good sense. When we did our early estimates, we felt that there may be as many asymptomatic or patients without symptoms as patients with symptoms. Again, that's what the clinical community would estimate. And we believe that a lot of those patients are probably out of the system. Now, there are also a number of hospitals that tell us that they actually have groups of patients that have no symptoms that they could name names on. So again, we're going into a bit of uncharted territory, Ben, and we'll keep you tuned in on what we learn.
Michael A. Mussallem: So if you're to say what we think is going to happen in Europe, in the U.S.; we think that the number of procedures would be down slightly, so down a few percent in terms of the total number of procedures done in Europe or done in the U.S. And that again is of surgical isolated aortic procedures, right. We expect that we offset that decline through our new products. So through new products and share gain, that our sales would actually grow 1% to 3%.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, some of it, I suppose you would say, turns out in price. So for example, when a physician chooses to use an INTUITY Elite valve instead of a Magna Ease valve, the value that they would impart would be higher to Edwards. Obviously, you're getting a higher value. So you'd see that, I suppose, in the price relationship. But the other part might just be share gain associated with our products that are best-in-class and we're the market share leader on.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. It's not unusual if you go out there to speak to surgeons to find some that have a lot of confidence in their own ability to do great surgery on intermediate-risk or low-risk patients. We really don't find that as a surprise. The surgeons that are already on heart teams at TAVR centers seem to really understand the value of the therapy. And those referral processes seem to go much better. When you're in hospital systems where there is no TAVR and only surgical valve replacement is available, probably those surgeons are less – probably understand less the value of TAVR and the importance of TAVR. So it's part of probably our system moving a little slow, probably not a big surprise to us. That's in our estimates. We know that it's going to take some time and it'll be a cumulative sort of weight of the data that'll ultimately influence them. We're really pleased that we have powerful data in PARTNER I and PARTNER II. We've got PARTNER III right behind it and then EARLY-TAVR right behind that. So we're going to bring big powerful studies that are highly scientific to bear and ultimately we think the weight of that data will carry the day.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Glenn. As you know, no two sites are alike. But I would say broadly that we really have not seen structural roadblocks, that sites have had an amazing ability to add capacity and cases per day. And in some cases, it's been pretty significant that they're able to do even four cases a day with SAPIEN 3. So they get a pretty good capacity bump out of it. And so, no, structurally, I really don't think that's the core issue.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So 2017, we're likely to get some growth. We expect that to probably slow some, not to be as big as the growth in 2016. There are still centers that are interested in joining, but we expect that to be at a reduced rate. It's hard for me to estimate just what that would be.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. So, yeah, there have been some new products. But overall, there hasn't been a big change that we've observed over the past several quarters. The new competitors are still having some impact. I think, total, they're in the mid-teens sort of level of market share. And outside of what happened in France, we haven't seen a lot. ASPs have been very stable across Europe. So again, you know that we're selling at a premium and sometimes that premium's quite large. It could be even larger than 20% in some places. But there's no significant changes in the market dynamics, Joanne.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. You know what, I think the quarter turned out pretty much the way that we expected to. It was maybe a little bit stronger than we thought based on how the year closed out. I don't know what to tell you about that. Our 29 millimeter valve serves most sizes of patients. And so we don't really feel like we lose patients in that regard. And that a large-size valves is already factored into our guidance. So there was really nothing new there.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. I know it must be frustrating. But we really would like to steer you away from just isolating, looking at just the risk factors. As we tried to talk about it at our investor conference, there are a number of factors the heart teams take into consideration, which include risk or – but certainly everything about their – the anatomy of these patients and the frailty of these patients. And so it is multi-factorial and it's done by these multi-disciplinary teams. I'd encourage you to go broader. We feel like there's about 650,000 patients out there with severe aortic stenosis and the treatment rate right now is around 18%. And so our job is to see if we can improve that and improve the lives of these patients and our performance as well.
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I'm not intimately familiar with it. It sounds like that's real world and that reflects what patients go through. And so I would say typically when a surgeon opens a patient, they are going to consider from time to time are there other things that they should do because this is a pretty big procedure to take a patient through and they're not going to miss the opportunity to do more. So I think that when it's all done, it probably is a realistic comparison of what goes on in the real world.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. Our thinking really hasn't changed dramatically on this, Chris. We continue to feel that with the stroke rate that's as low as it is – and you saw what the stroke rate looked like for a SAPIEN 3. They're in the neighborhood of 1% at 30 days. That adding another delivery system and another catheter potentially adds as much risk as it erases. And so for the additional cost and risk associated with it, we have a tough time endorsing that therapy.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah. I couldn't be more proud of the way that we assess stroke risk in our trials. I don't know if you recall what happens. But we actually have a neurologist, not a cardiologist, but a neurologist do an assessment before the procedure. And then they do the follow-up assessment. So you have a neurological assessment by somebody that's detached from this and they're highly qualified to be able to assess stroke risk. Now, if you would compare it to an MRI, we'd argue that that is sub-clinical often. So we think that our trial has probably some of the best and most robust data generated related to stroke.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Okay, well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome additional questions by telephone. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah. So, yeah, we're very proud of those products. We think they are both going to be very well received by our customers. They're mostly going to – the Ultra product is particularly going to help the physicians and those heart teams do even better procedures. They're in our guidance, Brooks, so I wouldn't say that there is any upside beyond what's in our guidance. The CENTERA system, again, is in our guidance. We're excited about that. We think it has the opportunity to be best-in-class among self-expanding stents.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. It's not uncommon, and it's probably not FX, because most of our EPS volatility or unpredictability is addressed through our hedge programs. So, it's really going to be more driven by revenue, and that's been the largest driver of our earnings so far, and our margins, and that's really, probably that's going to have it end up wherever it ends up in the range. But I'd point you to the middle of the range for modeling purposes.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. So clinical revenues did decline in the second half of 2016 as intermediate risk patients went from clinical to commercial after we got the approval. And we expect clinical revenues should increase again during 2017 in connection with PARTNER III. But the growth rates in the U.S. have gone from – last year, they were at 64% in Q1 and then 66%, 55% in Q3 and 41% in Q4. And now it's expected. It's really the law of big numbers that's driving the decline in the growth rates. And ultimately, we don't expect that there are any new headwinds or considerations other than the ones we've been talking about.
Scott B. Ullem: So there's nothing really that we expect to change with the royalties. We've guided people to assume about $10 million per quarter. And that's about what we've been running with a couple of exceptions, where we might have a quarter where there is a true-up and it ends up being more than that. But generally, $10 million a quarter or $40 million for the year is the right assumption for royalties.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. It was actually 72.2% for Q4. It was about 73.1% for the full year 2016. And the best modeling assumption for 2017 is right in the middle of the 74% to 76% range. And the difference is take from 73% roughly for 2016 and add about 100 basis points for mix and about 100 basis points for FX.
Glenn John Novarro: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. My first question, Mike, just on the intermediate adoption curve. As now we've had a full quarter of intermediate in terms of the label, have you gone out or your sales team has gone out and have you been able to assess how the TAVR centers are absorbing these new patients? Are they able to get extra lab time? Are they hiring new operators? I just want to make sure that there's no structural roadblocks to the market picking up with all these intermediates coming into the marketplace. And then I had two quick follow-ups.
Glenn John Novarro: Okay. And then two quick follow-ups. One, you said you're implanting at over 500 centers in 2016. So how many centers did you add in 2016 and how many you expect to add in 2017? And then on the CardiAQ, are you still developing that device for transapical? Thank you.
Glenn John Novarro: Are you still going forward with a transapical system? And then I also asked about how many centers you thought you'd add in 2017.
