Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. So we're confident in our long-term outlook for strong sales growth and our teams remain passionate about helping more patients around the world. We continue to focus on driving organic growth with leading innovative technologies, while aggressively investing in our future. Our foundation of leadership coupled with a robust product pipeline positions us well for continued long-term success and greater shareholder value as we pursue significant opportunities to improve patients' lives. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. So let me start out with the progress of the recovery. It's a little different, obviously, when you go around the globe. And I think the recovery that I'll talk about first is the U.S recovery, and I think that probably has the biggest impact on Edwards results and why it would be meaningful. Big picture, we're not sure that U.S hospitals have really fully recovered from COVID. There's still a bit of a hangover of protocols. And, more importantly, we -- this issue that relates to the significant labor crunch and churn in the workforce is meaningful. Those workforce shortages are real. They're having an effect on staffing and their costs and they're just in the front of mind of a lot of the health care industry. And some of this is churn, and some of this is just openings that are yet to be filled. Now in our conversation with hospital executives, systems are aggressively working to address these challenges and they expect the dynamic to improve, but we're anticipating gradual improvement in our forecasts. And I'd say overall, Edwards procedure growth, we've fared pretty well on a relative basis. We're mindful that these systems have been extraordinarily challenged, but we're still able to grow pretty handily in this tough environment.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Yes, thanks, Robbie. We don't have perfect visibility into the patient funnel. It's just kind of limited and we get a lot of our data from conversations with health care providers and our own frontline clinical specialists that really helped give us some perspective. And certainly, we believe that there's a small COVID-related backlog at this point, but we think that that's relatively small by compare, because I think the positive experience the clinical outcomes that people are having, but this is a story yet to be told. And so, we're going to have to live this one.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Yes, we think at this point, we're starting to approach about 850 centers in the U.S. And at this point, it's possible for there to be additional centers added, we still have some centers that approach us, but we think are going to be relatively few at this point. And we also think that they're going to probably tend to be smaller centers, and probably not have a dramatic impact on the overall numbers. But hopefully that gives you a sense of where we're at and what we're projecting.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, it's easy to get lost in the pandemic, because we've had so many ups and downs. Maybe what I'll do is just remind you of what the company has been able to do over this period since 2019. And if you look at -- whether you're looking at the first quarter or full year 2022, we're looking at a 10% growth rate compounded annual growth rate. So, 10% each year from 2019 to now -- so 3 years, which gives you a sense that even with all of the constraints and incredible distractions and all the pressures that have been on systems, there's been a pretty continuous lifting of the TAVR treatment rates. And again, TAVR is a little faster than the rest of the company. But I don't have that number handy. But hopefully that gives you a sense for it's been happening on a pretty steady basis, and we expect the system to continue to adapt and evolve and add capacity. Although we don't expect it to happen kind of overnight, it will be more gradual nature.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, we typically don't give country-by-country growth rates. But that we did experience 20% constant currency growth outside the U.S. And that most of the geographies around the world were all in that 20% range and that included Europe and Japan, and other places in the world were dramatically under penetrated. So, all that is a big positive. In the case of Europe, it was broad based across many countries. I mean, every country just grew in the first quarter. Now some of that might have been the fact that it was a little tougher last year, but nonetheless, it was very impressive to us and here it is a product that was launched in 2007. Now it's 15 years later and still growing at this kind of pace, tells you that in some ways the system is still catching up with what the demand is -- that's out there, and what gives us optimism for the future. So, on a long-term basis, do we expect Europe to grow 20%? No, we don't. But we'd be very pleased if Europe can continue to be an important contributor to growth. We haven't tried to parse long-term growth rates out, but I have to tell you that it's exceeded our expectations in the recent past.
Mike Mussallem: Well, your point is a good one about tough comp in Q2 for TAVR. We saw a really strong growth. I mean, it was mind boggling, something that we didn't expect Q2 of last year. Now having said that, so we expect a real step up in our Q2 sales in TAVR. Again, we're going to see what we think is probably an all-time record for TMTT in the second quarter as well. But we say TMTT is really going to take off in the second half. TAVR is not going to come down probably from Q2. We expect that probably to just continue to increase, be a little stronger in Q3 and stronger yet in Q4. So, we expect a continuous ramp there of really setting all-time highs.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, and just a pile on there, and I don't have exact numbers behind this. But even though we've seen a pretty nice recovery here, not sure that the hole that was created for Omicron has been filled at this point. And that's still in the future. So, we have a pretty good-sized guidance range. And so, we continue to feel comfortable that will be within that guidance range. But we haven't fully filled the hole from Omicron yet.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're not maybe the perfect barometer. For capital, we have a pretty good capital business, but it's only about 20% of overall Critical Care. And so, part of what we saw, we saw a pretty good recovery that started last year. Started last year, probably in Q2, and a pretty big capital recovery and part of that's in our comparables when we look at this year. So, we think that that is -- it was been pretty impressive and that we think we expect it to repeat this year, but not be greater than it was last year. It was a pretty -- it was pretty significant last year. And so, from our view, at least the way people are purchasing HemoSpheres, we saw quite a recovery from what we saw in the early days of the pandemic.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, it's a great point. Part of this is not to have COVID interfere. Just it seems as though COVID has traditionally impacted mitral is a little bit more than it has TAVR by comparison just because we still require anesthesia and some ICU stays with the mitral procedure. So, some of it is that, but probably new sites is a bigger contributor than the increased adoption in existing sites. And so hopefully that gives you a little color on what we're expecting.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, we're in the process of building that U.S field team. And we're building with the idea that we really want to ensure that we do a great job of training our own team, and trainings of physicians, and really doing this in a very deliberate fashion. So, it's going to be a pretty gradual and deliberate build out for us. And we're going to focus on having excellent procedural success and clinical outcomes. And so, we're taking a pretty thoughtful approach to this, rather than broad base. We're going to try and stay in accounts that already do quite a bit of a transcatheter and have real experience in doing it and are likely to be able to attain a high level of competency and maintain that. So hopefully, that gives you some sense of how we're thinking about it.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Well, we have -- we certainly have design intent and SAPIEN X4. We believe that it's going to have improved paravalvular leak performance. We also think that it's going to have RESILIA tissue on it, which we think is a big plus and add durability. And it also just has a chance to address some of the variability that's in patients. And so, we think it has a number of advantages and we look forward to trying that out. In terms of the pulmonic opportunity, I really haven't gotten into the news today that's happened on that. We're just now rolling out the Alterra product. We've been pleased with that. This isn't a really large group. I think compared to the overall TAVR market, it probably gets lost in the numbers. It's not really that big of an opportunity, but boy, these are patients that really, really need the help and so we feel a real obligation to be able to help them through a tough time.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. Well, maybe it's something that just a clarifying point is, remember, we're just selling in Europe at this point.
Mike Mussallem: And so, when you talk about this transcatheter edge-to-edge therapy, the supporting evidence in Europe hasn't been overwhelmingly positive, it's been somewhat mixed. And so that's led to a growth rate in Europe, that's been probably less than what it should be. And we think there's going to be a real contribution when the family of class trials become apparent, we think has a chance to really lift market adoption. And that's going to be one of the pluses. And then as I said earlier, adding new sites is going to be a positive us growing, the team is going to be positive and all those are going to be additional add ons.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks so much for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone later on.
Scott Ullem: Larry, on your second question regarding guidance, we always guide people to the middle of a range just for modeling purposes. So, at 13.60, or $1.360 billion to $1.440 billion, the midpoint of that is $1.4 billion. So that's a good modeling assumption. Your math is right, which is year-over-year underlying growth for Q2 with that range is in the range of about 5.5%. And yes, it's 4.4% of these exchange rates sequentially from Q1. So sequentially up from Q1. And really for the full year, it doesn't change our underlying growth rate and our guidance of low double digits. And so, while FX is impacting our dollar guidance ranges, it hasn't had a big impact to our underlying growth expectations.
Scott Ullem: I just add to that, Mike, one of the benefits of having this now significant TAVR business with a global footprint is we do have different regions contributing to growth at different times. And so, we've got new technologies that get introduced to different markets, new indications that are issued on TAVR devices in different markets. And so, it really helps to have this broad footprint. And if one business is performing, maybe not as weak -- not as strong in one period, then that could be offset by another region that is.
Scott Ullem: That’s a good question. Back in December, it was before Omicron had really been introduced in the U.S., and we're still seeing Delta in Europe, but in January, we saw a pretty noticeable impact of Omicron in the U.S. And we talked about a little bit on the fourth quarter call. We talked -- say about how conditions generally improved since January. But I don't think we'd say that conditions have improved all the way back to what we still saw back in our December Investor conference. So, things are better, but maybe not all the way back to what we had foreseen back in December at our Investor conference.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Thanks for the question. Thanks for bringing us home a little bit over the time. So, I'll try to go quickly here. But our cash priorities have not changed at all. First and foremost, we invest in the business. But eventually, we're also going to end up with a lot of cash. And we intend to at least offset the impact of incentive compensation dilution. But beyond that, we've been gradually over time buying down the overall share count. And we're going to continue to look for opportunities to do that. We got off to a good start with a $400 million repurchase this year, we'd like where the stock was from a repurchase standpoint. And we still have over $700 million left in repurchase authorization. So, you should expect that that's going to be just part of our long-term capital deployment plan.
