Greg S. Clark: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. It is an exciting time for the new Symantec and I'm proud to lead the company that will define the future of cyber security. We are already off to a great start by closing the Blue Coat acquisition earlier than expected, in under two months since announcement. This has allowed us to move rapidly into the execution of our integration strategy. Since the announcement of the acquisition, we have pressure tested our financial assumptions and continue to remain confident in achieving fiscal 2018 EPS guidance of $1.70 to $1.80 which we disclosed when we announced the acquisition in June. Our combined product portfolio separates us as the most strategic security player in the industry, with a portfolio of solutions that addresses over 50% of the Enterprise Security budgets, or an approximate $40 billion of total available market. Furthermore, we are the only security company that has the scale and vision to be considered by the CIO as one of their most strategic technology partners. As you saw from Dimension Data's quote in our closing press release earlier this week, partners are extremely optimistic about the technology the combined company can bring to market. In addition to great support from our partners, we have had outstanding feedback from the customer base. I'll provide more customer feedback later in my remarks. First, Thomas will begin by providing an overview of the Symantec Q1 results and our financial outlook. Then I will address why we are confident that we have the deep leadership expertise in place to integrate the two companies and deliver upon our financial targets. I'll wrap up by describing major cyber security challenges enterprises are facing, and how Symantec is best positioned to usher in a new era of cyber security solutions to solve these multibillion dollar opportunities.
Greg S. Clark: Yes so, good question, Brent; thanks for asking. First of all I'd just like to give the team at Symantec excellent marks for delivering the ATP solution integrated with the endpoint that is in the market right now. That product is really proving to be very effective at advanced malware detection. And the customers – as Thomas mentioned, we closed a good clip of customers in Q1 with that technology and the point that he mentioned in his remarks I think is really important, is two thirds of those customers were not at an endpoint renewal. They bought it in advance threat needs that they had and added it to the environment that was already there. So I think that's a really good show of faith there. The roadmap on that product is excellent. The threat database that it is sitting on is phenomenal and we are really excited about our ability to also integrate that in the network via the web gateways, both in the cloud and on premise. We already have through our content analysis system the ability to execute that advanced threat platform as one of the choices that we give customers for how to fight those same threats as they manifest in the network. Again, the telemetry that that platform is sitting on is we believe the deepest in the industry, taking everything from the consumer world at Norton, everything from the enterprise endpoints and very shortly everything from the Blue Coat world and applying that against all the various threat detection engines. And we feel very good about the ability to up-sell that, both from the endpoint route to market and also from our network point of presence that also provides Advanced Threat.
Greg S. Clark: Yes, so there is a number of filings on it. If you sum them up, it's over $100 million that I've personally invested into Blue Coat – or Symantec.
Greg S. Clark: I think one of the key things that I've heard from our larger customers, which I think is very interesting, is just the cost of what they have to stitch together to deliver what we're up to. If you take an endpoint and you have one that's dealing with sort of the essential needs of keeping up with antivirus, then you put some of the next generation things on it that we have in CIDS 14, and then you go and put in the integration of that to any of these SoCs, and then you stitch that up with any of the remediation technologies, you create a very expensive and fragile world that customers have said, if you can just put that together for us – we've all had to build that ourselves. It's very expensive for us to own it, and through life sustain it, and that has been something. They've said we do believe you have an open platform we can integrate other vendors in here, Symantec. That's great. If you can put these pieces together for us, it really delivers value that is very helpful – difficult to keep that stuff going on through all the releases and all of the folks you have to employ and retain to make it continue to work. That's been consistent feedback. We've got a great story there. That's doing well. The other piece is really in the integration of the endpoint to the cloud. Everyone wants to adopt the cloud. We still have to protect the endpoint. People are very bullish about solving problems when desktops – you know, we're all mobile these days. Everyone has laptops; they want to carry them in and out of the office. When that's auto-connected to the cloud, always connected to the cloud across messaging, web use, anything in your internal data centers, also all of the cloud applications, cloud infrastructure, that resonates consistently through customers, I think. So two things, complexity of building a really advanced cyber defense, and a true life sustainment of that. The second thing is really adoption of the cloud generation, really making the endpoint work with the cloud security platform we've developed. Those are the two major things.
Greg S. Clark: So a bunch of those are actually in the e-mail, and they're adding the Advanced Threat to the e-mail dial tone, which is really a highly competitive world. Everyone tests everything there. And so when you break those two things off, we end up stopping more of the harder problems to find that the other guys are having trouble with. We've had a great set of results in hotly contested e-mail deals. That's going very well. And we've also had of course a great attach rate to the endpoint. So in terms of the future, we think we can add this technology to a great majority of the e-mail customers as well as the endpoint.
Greg S. Clark: You know I think, yeah, good question. We saw a strong demand across the entire product set at Blue Coat and that's really encouraging. Because we've been able to sell in line with where we used to sell some web proxies, we sell pretty much everything into those deals now, which is pulling through our encrypted traffic management, content analysis system. And in many cases, also our security analytics products all at the same time. That's been really good news for us, really driving a lot of growth, as we have a huge installed base at the proxy and being able to attach those products to it is just continuing to do very well. So, if you can imagine what happens after we announce a combination like we did last call, people like myself and Mike Fey and many of the other executives go to work on a bunch of other things, and the strength of the go-to-market machine and customer demand still delivered above expectations across those product lines. And would I say even in EMEA, where there were substantial headwinds with Brexit, we saw good news, even in troubled territories.
Greg S. Clark: Yeah, no, exactly. So, a couple of things are really good tailwinds for us as we bring the two salesforces together. First of all, Symantec had a pretty strong presence in the mid-market; Blue Coat was primarily focused on the higher end of the enterprise. So if we sort of take the salesforce component that dealt with named account selling at the higher end of the enterprise, the combination of the two salesforces is actually very complementary. So we were, on the Blue Coat side, looking for a bunch of capacity expansion anyway because we had really strong demand. And we have enough of that demand that as we look towards 2018, we do not need to make any reductions in that sales capacity. And also, so in between now and us assigning all of those territories, we came up with a compensation model. And we have really invested in making sure that we can compensate both account reps that are calling on the same account in a way that keeps their interests aligned and if there was a Blue Coat sale, someone at Symantec gets some. If there was a Symantec sale, someone at Blue Coat gets some. And if there was a new sale the new thing that wasn't in there before, everyone wins in a bigger way. So we put a ton of work in the last number of months in how we would do that, and really taken that all the way down and pressure testing that in the big territories that matter like around the Eastern Seaboard of the US where you can have a large bank that's carrying a big chunk of commission and making sure that that's going to work with those folks and even getting right through to talking to them all about it. So we are way down range on that discussion and have made those things clear in our organization and we feel really good, Keith, about how that's going to go. In the mid-market, Symantec already had a strong presence and we didn't at Blue Coat, so that's an easy one. That's a great piece of the puzzle that is just getting a better solution to go into those partners and customers in the mid-market. So net-net, I think we're pretty good at this topic on both the Symantec and Blue Coat side. How to think about it is we just increased our sales capacity and we have enough demand that we do believe we have makeable plans for all of the selling teams across the territories, And we feel really good about that. The cross-sell and up-sell opportunity we think once that sales force is ramped and both sides can sell a lot of the other's products, that we should see some nice tailwinds in 2018 as that becomes productive. So we feel really good about the top line six to nine months from now as that really starts to fire. And the other piece I think is also really key is that many of the Blue Coat salesforce which we grew substantially over the last couple of years has sold endpoint and has sold the other like solutions that Symantec has, such as DLP and things like that. And the Blue Coat salesforce is excellent at selling DLP because their ProxySG orchestrates most of the enterprise DLP in the market anyway. So we feel really good about the two really big market leading Symantec endpoint and DLP products and those being able to be executed by the named account reps on the Blue Coat side. We're optimistic about having some good calls with you throughout 2018.
Greg S. Clark: Yeah so, John, that's something that you can imagine I've got my eye on close. And I really like the differentiation we get from other enterprise security vendors, in that we're actually getting threat telemetry from a completely consumer and a completely sort of private web experience which really shows up a lot of shady parts of the Internet. So, let's sort of say that's really goodness that really helps us out. And the reason why some of our enterprise endpoints and why we are much better in effectiveness tests is we know a lot about what the bad guys are doing and a lot of that information comes from people that browse things at home. So we like that. So, and then we say okay, this is a big piece of our business and we would like it to grow. Just like you would imagine, we would like it to grow. So in our comments before, we're really extending what we're doing in the consumer brand to get more value than just on the endpoint and really start to look at the network and the use of the Internet by the consumer. And we are already – we're working on a bunch of things that are really going out to really excite consumers more about wanting to make a decision around Norton for their consumer security needs because it's more than just the PC. So getting off that PC platform is important. We actually know a lot about it because we've been working with telecom providers for many years at Blue Coat and we know technologies we have and our quality of service, and being able to do things like measure screen time and we've already been in content control for a long time. And so we actually really want to extend the value of Norton off the PC platform, off the other kind of just sort of technical endpoints more into of what that user is doing and helping them with some of the new challenges that they have in the Internet. So, you'll be hearing more from us over time, but we definitely have technology in this space and we have the networking cred to get in and help out on that part of the story for consumers. What we're doing in Wi-Fi and some of the home IoT is also impressive. And so, John, we don't want to sit around and watch an outgoing tide on the PC platform. Really, we want to address that part of the business also.
Greg S. Clark: Yeah, absolutely. We do a lot of work internally on attribution of where these platforms and this sort of malware tradecraft that I mentioned in my prior remarks – where it comes from. We learn so much about it from what happens in consumer, because people will warm stuff up on consumers rather than warm it up on somebody with a really big security infrastructure. Also, people want to beat there and walk it back into the enterprise. There is a big tie-up between how this stuff works, and in many cases it's the same criminals. So we get a lot there, John, from consumer that benefits enterprise, definitely, and that telemetry is for real. It matters.
Greg S. Clark: Yeah, so I think this is a great question. So first of all, when we talk about a next-gen endpoint and we actually think about what's going on on the platform, we're seriously competitive against all of the other folks that are there right now – things like flight recorders, things like being able to have behavioral analysis, machine learning algorithms. They all exist and serious tech in terms of very experienced people that are working on them here at Symantec. I'd say if I was going to give us a ding on something, I'd say we don't talk about it enough. But we have a very powerful platform, and the latest release of SEP, it has – just very competitive against the next-gen endpoints. And we've been able to win with that next-gen endpoint integrated with the ATP stuff we were just talking about. We've been taking out some of those guys who market well into that next-gen endpoint, and some of them have some good tech and they're good competitors. But I tell you we have a very good competitive offering just head to head on modern techniques, what they call modern techniques, which means the old techniques. I can tell you the old techniques are all seriously still needed. Modern techniques are also useful. And there will always be the next modern techniques because the bad guys are smart and they change the way they do things. But being able to defend against what are the most advanced, advanced threats today, we do well in that space. And we do have a good platform there. We don't market it as well as we should. We will change that. And in addition to that, the number of technologists that are very good at what they do that we are investing in this space is substantial, and we will continue to do that. And we will grow that. And we are after the best and brightest all the time in the industry to do that. One of the things of my reputation, in every company I've ever been involved with I've gone after the best experts and retained the best ones we have and getting more. And we are setting our crosshairs on this ownership of this next-gen endpoint. So then we move to, what are we doing that the other guys aren't doing, and that the other guys will have a big problem doing. It's very difficult to think about protection of users when you don't think about protection of those users in the SaaS applications that they are using. When the applications used to be all inside the data center, you could isolate an endpoint and protect that identity and the associated data. Half of those applications left the building. If you can't isolate the user's identity in the cloud applications, and to do that you need logic like a CASB, it's difficult to really go into a company and say, I've isolated Greg. Did I really get Greg isolated at salesforce.com, at ServiceNow? Did I get his NetSuite stuff locked out? What about all that renewal database over there at ServiceNow, whatever it happens to be? So we are right now the only next-gen endpoint vendor that can address the isolation of the user. And then if you really want to get into the bowels of it, if we start talking about multi-phased attacks, the network assist that we give our endpoint in multi-phase attacks, then being able to vaccinate those from the messaging layer, from the web dial tone, we feel really good about competing against the endpoint vendor. And then the final point I'd like to make, is when you move to the cloud you don't get to pick your next-gen firewall. When you're not picking your next-gen firewall, the tie out between the next-gen firewall and the advanced endpoint breaks. So we feel really good about our cloud platform connected to the Symantec next-gen endpoint and our ability to really change the game on the next-gen endpoint. So we will really work hard to make sure the industry understands what I was just talking about. There's a lot there. And that that architecture and our ability to execute it and deliver it is well understood. And I feel pretty good about our ability to stem the tide of what I'd say had been maybe a better execution from Symantec that would have taken some of the tailwind out of some of the next gen-endpoint folks.
Greg S. Clark: One more point, which is one of the most important points. We have a very strong balance sheet. And this next-gen endpoint party is going to go on for a long time. And we're going to be there, and we're going to be there with a strong investment all the way through it. And I'm not so sure that's the case in many of the others. So that's hopefully helpful.
Greg S. Clark: Okay guys, I think that's it. I think we're running out of time. But I'd just like to thank all of you for taking some time to talk to us today and your support of Symantec. Thank you very much.
Thomas J. Seifert: That's a good guess. So we included the first two months of the Blue Coat quarter. The second quarter normally comes with the linearity that 50% of the revenue happens in the last month. And the assumption that we took 50% of that $100 million into our guidance is a good assumption.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, all good questions. So first of all, we are quite pleased that we not only completed the acquisition successfully, but also quickly, and have now an early start lifting the synergies. The assumptions on the restructuring costs and how they appear, our thoughts have not changed. 50% in this fiscal year is a good assumption at this point. And we have deployed good operational plans. We have a confident executive team in place working on those plans, so our confidence in delivering the EPS of between $1.70 and $1.80 in fiscal year 2018 is strong.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, what we said before is that we try to deliver aggressively over the midterm with both cash on hand as well as cash that is already on the balance sheet. I think that is a good way how to think about that.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, it's a fair question. But to be very honest, the Norton business came in right in line in expectations that we had where it would come out, maybe at the low end of our guidance but still within the guidance. There's some in-quarter revenue components that can fluctuate and that hit us this quarter. But overall, we are still on the plan that we outlined and that's why we also affirmed our thoughts around top line for the remainder of the year. So I understand that your question, why is the low end, but we are still in line with our expectations, how this business is recovering and moving forward.
