Vincent Pilette: Yes, and as I do that, we have to go back to where we are coming from, right. When we broke out and decided to focus slowly on the consumer business how tedious has been that cyber safety will become more and more important for everyone as we move more and more of our activities online. And cyber safety doesn't just mean security, security for your device, security for you data. It also means privacy, protecting your identity, and including services to restore when it can't be prevented. So it's a overall rollout we know we have -- we are building in the long-term. There are a lot of applications and fields that we still need to fill in that portfolio and build up the category. So we believe the thesis if you want is long structural one. So that's number one. Number two is the division at the time under Symantec had not invested in marketing as we discussed in the past and we re-accelerated marketing as a way to communicate our message to consumers. We raised our marketing envelope by $100 million on an annual basis. We also said that the efficacy of that marketing investment, if you want, has to show up over time as we consistently deliver and spend in market. And then we started to tweak that marketing investment, moving to new channels of marketing, moving to new regions and starting to market in Europe, for example, where we had not marketed in the past. So those are our contributors, if you want, for the return to growth. And we said, hey, the most important is product. In April '19 we launched the first version of Norton 360 an integrated platform addressing four pillars security, privacy, identity protection and restoration and the entire family and homes if you want and we still are in the process of rolling that out. I believe it's very attractive for consumer to adopt that overall umbrella for membership fee having access to all of those areas and having a peace of mind. And then the last one is then COVID-19 happened and definitely it change the way people operate online. Is it a peak change or is it a step function. I don't know but we believe in the long-term view of building up our portfolio and creating awareness to drive growth.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Absolutely. So before the pace, I want to say, we put a business model out there and we say, hey, we're going to grow at mid single-digit and operate the business at 50% operating margin and I don't have to remind you that eight months ago I think the majority of people were doubters. We delivered on that business model at least a quarter ahead of plan. I think we've proven we can operate at these levels. We reduced the headcount from the Symantec company 12,000 people, today where our business model should be around 2500. And for the first time in a long time, we shifted from restructuring to hiring talent where it makes sense. And I can tell you, it's definitely energizing for the entire company to talk about hiring the right talent, the right skill set. We are hiring engineers in Dublin where we are trying to create a prototype over there and we are hiring in threat analytics. So we definitely are building up the functions. We have a few new leaders. I mentioned Gagan and his passion around machine learning. Robert came in and has a passion around the customer life cycle. Both of them are coming up with proposal for investment to accelerate the growth. And I can tell you I'm super happy to have Natalie here. So I found my match in term of CFO skill set and she and I will partner trying to prioritize those investment to accelerate our performance.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. No, absolutely. So first of all the employee benefit program has been a grower channel for us or growing channel for us for a few quarters. This quarter it was very strong performance that offset the physical retail weakness of course. The overall proposal I think is the number activity. Norton 360 overall that offers with your identity protection also the security element is a big one. Today if you take employee benefit right at a very macro level. The U.S. company spent 37 billion on employee benefits. There 5.6 million employers and there are programs address a few thousand. So we want to bring on new and unique solutions to more employers and at a very basic level after obviously upgrading the platform, it's really about sales and sales coverage. So you'll see us continue in that area.
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely. So we said it now for a few quarters. Our number one objective was to return the company to growth and the number one priority in our metrics was to attract more customers, so they can expand the cyber safety program. Moving into new demographics in term of age if you want to pyramid as well as new geographies was an important objective. As you know we are marketing in Europe, we partner with TELUS in Canada and then some of demography and reaching out. We are moving from traditional form of marketing into new reform social media digital videos. I was looking obviously quarter in quarter out, you cannot always map it. But I was looking at the long time two years trends. If you look at 2018, our Gen X plus baby boomers were over 70% of our total customers. Today that group is around 55% and the rest into newer cohorts. So we'll continue in that trend we'll continue with that effort. We launched a gaming addition of Norton 360 and as we develop programs we are going to have in mind this needs to reach out to all cohorts.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, we're still refining our program, but I would say over the last couple of quarters. Specific last quarter mature countries in Asia, Japan, Australia and New Zealand in Europe, Germany, France, U.K. where high performance for us. We definitely pushing one message when it's come to marketing awareness, and it's under Norton 360. The ability and unique competitive advantage to offer a cyber safety blanket full consumers is our main value prop. This is our way to build that vision to ensure that everyone can get that digital lives pace. There are some cases where we lead with specific standalone products and that's market specific. We can go into more details, but overall we charge was Norton 360.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So I'm not upset by market share especially because today market the way they are defined are by pillars, you have the security traditional security pillar then you have the identity pillar, you have still forming once waste privacy. Privacy is the new frontier of security or own standalone set of market. Frankly, we really working, as we said about acquiring new customers and delighting those that we have and you've seen that we've done somewhat of a good job with our retention of 85%, but we continue to improve there and that's our major focus. If we continue to focus on innovation building up the portfolio and trying to build that cyber safety vision. I think that's the ways we want to run.
Vincent Pilette: I think if you're interested in FP&A role, we have a job for you. You're totally, right, you've seen it. We first invested in the U.S., we mature CAG. We had good return. We're now moving from traditional forms to digital forms are playing out ahead. Two quarters ago, we started to do international, international we started directly more digital and social media, leading the charge with Norton 360 as I mentioned. We're still building up new identity feature and privacy features and dark web monitoring being expanding into new countries in Asia next quarter into Europe. So we definitely are behind the U.S., but it's faster growing and we are very focused on building up that international presence. I think it's the huge opportunity for us moving forward.
Vincent Pilette: So you have a new leadership team for them achieving mid single-digit was the entry point, okay. What's next. Where can we go? What do we do? This vision is fantastic and full of opportunity. And so we discussed and we agreed that accelerating the growth and making our solution more complete and available to more consumers is our number one mission. Now we are running the consumer business slightly above the current operating margin target. I'm not going to change it. So we still intend to run the business at 50% and some quarter we'll find operational efficiencies. We don't have an immediate reaction to spend it, but we have plenty of new ideas to fund to try to accelerate the growth if we're able and I think we will be in the long-term to accelerate that growth. I would say growing EPS faster than revenues is our segment metric. We won't be bounded by a ratio of percentage, it's really about accelerating the top line growing and growing EPS faster than revenue.
Vincent Pilette: Well, I think, we are global leaders. I have to invest in developing the portfolio and developing the marketing and sales channel. I have to invest indirect digital media and building up on the opportunity in the employee programs and with Natalie's help and I can tell you, she has a growth mindset, but very analytical. So when you use data to prioritize those investments. Canada is a huge opportunity penetrating the identity space internationally where digital identity and I would say [technical difficulty] are growing very fast all huge opportunity for us.
Vincent Pilette: Sure. I'll give you main target. Look, we've earned the credibility of looking at also growth inorganically or organically. So our process really start with the portfolio and the market to build up cyber safety. What are the gaps in the other applications we can build on. And then we have real-time assessment on organic capabilities or time to market needs versus what already exists, whether it's a prototype of product or fully developed business. And then at the end of the day all matches it becomes a financial decisions. I think we've earned the credibility. We have the operational chart on the whole management team, leadership team and company including the Board is focused on growth from all sites.
