Stephen M. Bennett: About the same. I mean, we just got up and running, and about the same on the renewal rates, but obviously much lower cost as we do this more with a different business model than we did with -- than we had with the old model, John.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think that the John, this is Steve, I think, it's a little bit of the long tail we had in some of the countries outside the U.S. and that's what happened. The total is still within the range that we talked about but the timing was delayed based on some local market laws and regulations.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think, were -- for the most part, I think, it will be done by the end of third quarter completely but it'll be a trickle, I think, in the third quarter.
Stephen M. Bennett: You know, Walter, I think it's -- look, we -- life is about doing things, making decisions, reflecting on them and learning as you go and continually to improve. I'm utterly convinced this was the right long-term decision for us. If I would have been more prudent in my guidance, you guys wouldn't have believed me. So we just didn't know. And we were surprised at how -- but it's isolated to new license sales. It was about the same everywhere in the world, so there was no geographic phenomenon. There was no government phenomenon, although we, like others, were a little bit less in government but that wasn't material to the results. So what we've learned is that this transition from hunters to farmers and people getting it with the new coverage model and getting specialization was -- had much more impact than we thought. And we dug a hole for ourselves, as you can see in the deferred revenue, that we have to dig our way out of. So I think this has been, on the positive side, a catalyst for us now to break down some of the barriers in the organization. And I think the team is collaborating more effectively now. And I think this is going to make us much better. It's a little painful for all of us to go through this. But in the end, we're going to be better off and I'm convinced the decisions we made are the right ones for the long-term.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think we've got, this is Steve again, Walter, we've got a lot of moving parts here and it's something that we're going to, obviously, take a hard look at. I mean, I think we're down 624 employees year-over-year. And so a big part of that is the management structure where we reduced 35% of our management. But it's something that we're looking hard, and we have a ramp-up as we're implementing some new IT systems. And so there's a bunch of things that are going in and out. But overall, it's something that we're very focused on. But we are investing in a bunch of areas for the long-term. And we're also finding redundancies and inefficiencies that are freeing up resources. So it's going to be a combination of investments and also reductions as we go forward. And I think that's -- we're going to manage this tightly and do the right thing for the long-term and be thoughtful about the short-term.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think it's a really thoughtful observation. I mean, look, we have -- over 90% of our people in this coverage model had new responsibilities. And so I think it just takes longer. You got to go meet with customers. It takes 6 to 9 months for some of these products to build a pipeline. I think we also have -- we had a lot of people leave that were probably farmers. I heard a bunch of stories, anecdotally now, of people that interviewed with competitor -- a competitor interviewed 20 of our people and they asked them, well, are you farmers or hunters? And 1 person said, they were a hunter. So I think we've had a shift from the keeping our hunters and letting farmers go and I think that's a natural attrition and my strategy is to have stronger partner relationships and fewer higher-impact or more highly compensated hunters and then feed them these great new offerings that we have coming, both through our sales force and the channel that we think are going to give us a real advantage in the marketplace when they start hitting. So I think this is a more meta combination. It's bigger than just salespeople. I think we're going to have more compelling offerings, dramatically more compelling going forward and that'll make it easier for our salespeople to book new business. So this isn't really about salespeople. It's about giving them better solutions to sell, better channel relationships, more support and enablement. We've talked about the fact that in the past, our system was broken and our salespeople didn't spend as much time selling as -- at the industry norms. We're making progress on a lot of those fronts. We just had a big pothole here on new license sales. I think Drew said it was down about 30% year-over-year and everything else was really within normal ranges. And I think a lot of it is for the points, but new people -- or people in new territories getting into their jobs. And so, we expect to do better in Q3. We expect to do better than that in Q4 and we expect to get our head above water in -- going into fiscal year '15. Obviously, we're going to work hard to be the best we can be. But after this surprise, we want to be prudent in how long it takes to dig out of this hole.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, look, I think this has always been a tough competitive market. And at the same time, I would tell you, there's always a lot of focus on shiny new objects. We actually just launched the shiny new object we call our "Disarm" technology in our new Messaging Gateway product that ships next week, that we're pretty excited about as a -- a feature that we think will be part of our suite to help customers protect themselves from APTs with a technology that we think is better in some ways than some of the other competitors, and so you'll learn more about that from us as we go forward. I think this, to be honest, is mostly self-inflected. I don't think that the competitive dynamic has changed dramatically. I hear noise like you say, I also just heard about somebody that ended a 12-year relationship with McAfee to come to Symantec. So I think you can hear noise on a lot of different things. I think in my view, the competitive dynamic hasn't changed that much. We just -- this was self-inflected wounds in the short term to win in the long term.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. I think that -- well, no, it's all -- the great majority of it is Enterprise. Norton is down year-over-year, but not nearly to the amount that -- and Norton was pretty much in line with expectations. So the big surprise was new licensed sales to business customers through -- directly or through the channel, which was down in the neighborhood of 30% year-over-year. That's really the driver. I mean, there's lots of things we could say to blame it on somebody else. But this was the decision I made, I believe it was the right decision, I believe it'll pay big dividends for us as we work our way out of the pothole that I created.
Stephen M. Bennett: I would tell you that I have more confidence in the guidance we issued today than I did in the guidance we gave for last quarter because of the uncertainty. We don't -- to me, it should be onward and upward from here. And we said this would be -- the second quarter would be the toughest quarter, because we were making all these changes and we did the best we could and, look, we missed the low end of our range by $13 million and -- but more importantly, we missed on bookings of new license by around 30% and so I have more confidence on the guidance going forward. I -- we did the best we could in Q2, and I'm disappointed that we didn't do a better job, but we did the best we could.
Stephen M. Bennett: No. Sorry, we bit the bullet and did almost all of it around the world in Q2. And to build on your point and that's why as we looked at, to Brad's earlier question or Walter's point, we looked at, is there a geography problem here? No. Actually, all of the geographies were within a couple percent of each other of their new license booking miss. So it was phenomenon that was not industry, geo, product. It was pretty consistent around the world, which means I was the problem. I can't blame it on any of the -- of our geo leaders. It was my guidance that underestimated the impact of these transformational changes.
Stephen M. Bennett: Aaron, it's such an insightful question. Let me share probably some inside baseball here. We are working really hard. We build engineering road maps that we shared with our team in July that -- for these new roadmaps, because we never really had multiyear roadmaps to solve our most important customers' problems. We are now learning and working really hard and I'm personally involved in building the roadmaps to put in the hands of our sales team, to take to partners and customers and to share with investors or analysts or whoever. And I would expect that by the end of this month, we would have some stuff to talk with you about, that we're pretty excited about and I referred to this in my script, where I say we got to -- we have a great story. Every customer that I go out and talk to, or Francis goes out and talks to, or Stephen Gillett, is very excited or people that come into our briefing center are very excited about what they're hearing about what we're trying to do. And actually, many of them want to become development or lighthouse customers. There's again a weakness -- we haven't done as good a job as we need to, getting those tools and stories into the hands of our sales person -- people and I think that's part of the reason why we had a bit of a stall here. We are working like dogs to get our sales people the tools they need to tell this great story. And again, I think, this is part of our learning and self-inflicted wounds, in addition to the transformation of all the roles. So I think we'll get a lot better on this a lot faster. And it's all hands on deck now to make it happen.
Stephen M. Bennett: No, I think, Aaron, another -- a very good question and we alluded to it in my script where we're going to announce our new partner program in -- at partner -- our North American partner exchange in Scottsdale in about 3 or 4 weeks. And so the net of it is going to be, in the past, we treated everybody the same and everybody sold everything. And all of our incentives were volume based. I think, net-net, you're going to see a much more -- a strategy much more aligned to having franchises of our products based on the channels' ability to sell and have the technical skills and capability to sell and service the customers and create demand. And we're going to change the economic structures to better reward and enhance the margins for the people that are -- have the ability to create demand and do a great job for customers and their commitment to us. And so this will be a big change, again, that we think is 100% the right thing to do and there'll be some transition on this too. But for the long-term, this is a very, very important part of changing our go-to-market. I think it's a huge opportunity now for us to improve our value proposition for the channel and the partners that have the kind of capabilities that we need. So we're going to be announcing more details around that in about a month.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, let's have Helyn follow-up with you afterward. I don't -- I mean, I don't know the answer to your question. But I think revenue, overall, was down, what, 4% year-over-year. And it wasn't 100% license and the 4% is in the neighborhood of $65 million. So maybe our model and our results in your model don't match up. But we'll let her follow-up with you on that.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think it's a good question. And we get new learning every quarter as we see how we perform. Look, I still believe that and I'm still 100% committed. We had a board meeting this week. I said, look, I'm still committed to the 5% growth and greater than 30% margin targets. I think we have margin opportunities here because of our hidden factories and the way we've done things and redundancies. And the big question still now is, can we drive -- how fast can we drive growth? And I think, the answer is, we're investing in the products and we're excited about those, the customer feedback is great about that. We're changing all of these elements of our go-to-market from our sales model, renewals team, partner strategy, e-business capability, all in the same year, we're making a lot of these changes. I believe they're all the right changes for the long-term. And I think we'll get volume growth. And remember, we're still in markets that are growing 8%. So we're taking a beating on the share front while we transform the company, but I think we're going to come out of training camp here and play a much better game and we're still committed to the financial numbers I've shared in January. This is a transition year, we're changing a lot of stuff. We just hit a pothole, but we're still committed to what we said in January.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, Phil, if you don't mind my adding that, very often, there are other things bundled into a deal. New license is reflective of just one piece of the sales activity. There is maintenance attached to it, but there's often other products that would be a subscription or something else that would attach itself and build up that deferred. So the license is only a small percent of any individual transaction.
Stephen M. Bennett: While you guys are thinking about that, I think the answer is, there's no big positive or negative. I think NetBackup is a great product for us. We have a new release coming that we're excited about. I think we might get some traction on that as we move through Q -- end of the fourth quarter. It's a big business for us and it's been performing well. We -- Appliance has been great. We have some good things coming there. So I think we have a great Information Management business and we have a great security business. But what we're -- but there is no pattern or anything in terms of one product versus the other, it's a general -- because we affected 90% of the people in our coverage model. So there's nothing that stuck out that's material in answer to your question about a specific products and guidance and all that. There wasn't in the second quarter and there's not factoring that into our thinking in the Q3 or Q4. We'll see if we've got -- do you know how much currency would be for the total year? Well, our currency adjusted was like 1.5 to...
Stephen M. Bennett: It's a great question, Michael, and I just I was at a Gartner conference talking to their backup specialist, so let me give you -- his view was that for many business, they're not going to back up into the Cloud. And so he thinks that people are way over overestimating the backup. Now, what we're doing is we're going to and are building backup capabilities, whether they're on-premise or in partnership with the cloud. And so I think our backup story is NetBackup remains strong. Appliances, we had a softer quarter than we have been having. Appliances remains strong and we're still digging our way out of the self-inflicted wounds we had from Backup Exec, which we have another release coming in the next 6 months that we think will really get our head above water there. I think the market has started to change and as fewer people buy servers, you buy a server at a small business, you generally buy backup. I think the market dynamic has changed, which is why we're reinventing Information Management with some of the new offerings that we're -- we announced in January, because we want to solve a higher order problem for customers in backup. We still want to have the leading backup point solutions, but we want to focus on and have announced these higher order solutions too, like business BCP and some of the other things, the information fabric that we've been talking about recently. So I think the market is changing. I think we're making progress, but there's a lot of moving parts now and we have to get our head above water on Backup Executive to get back on the full speed track.
Stephen M. Bennett: Sure, sure. No, it's pretty simple. Say that, in the past, you were a salesperson, was a generalist salesperson. This happen up through Q1. And your territory was Boston or a part of Boston. Okay, what happened July 1 is you became either a Information Security or an Information Management Specialist. Then let's say the size of your account base probably doubled or your coverage territory probably doubled. But your focus narrowed. That happened to over 90% of our sales people starting in July. That's a pretty big change. And remember then in addition to that, and you're only focused on new license, where in the past, you were compensated, and the bulk of your revenue or your activity or bookings was based on renewals. So the change is you became a hunter with the new territory with a specialization in either Information Management or Information Security. That's a big change to bite all at one time.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, the good news is, we're through the first 3 months. And so I think you're right. I'm hoping it's 3 to 6 more months. I think -- look, there's still a lot of uncertainty here and that's why we're prudent in our guidance. So obviously, we're going to try and do the best we can do because we believe this is the right path. I think the better job we do, the faster they will become more productive and I shared some of the things we are doing now to better enable them and give them better tools. So we're moving as fast as we can. But I think we, being prudent, I think, it's going to take another 1 or 2 quarters to get where we want to be and I think we'll be roaring -- starting to roar when we go into fiscal year '15. And so I think that's the best insight that we have now. This is a pretty massive change. And look, a bunch of you wrote about this. And so there's no surprise here. The surprise is it was bigger than we thought. But we -- and so now we're working hard to recover. And the good news is, as we get better on the sales structure settling and we have new offerings coming and we have a lot of new positive things that we think are going to help us gain additional traction too. So there's a lot of moving parts here. This is not at all about our sales team or sales execution. It's really about the transition we put, I put the sales team through and now what we can help them -- how we can help them with enablement and messaging to help them be even more successful going forward. So we have a strong sales team and they're adjusting rapidly and effectively to this, it's just a lot to digest in a short period of time.
Stephen M. Bennett: So it's a great question. This is a company with 20,000 employees. And if you just look at normal turnover for a company like this, if you looked at normal float, my guess is you went back for the last 20 years, you'd see 1,000 open headcount in a company with 20,000 employees and 10% annual turnover. So the answer is, we're getting great talent. We just actually had somebody accepted, I can't talk about publicly yet, for a very senior role in our products organization. We've hired people from Amazon, from Google. We are acquiring great people that want to sign on and help us with the mission. And then in the sales front, as we get these new offerings coming to market, I think we're going to make our sales people look even smarter than they already are, because we're going to give them these compelling must-have products that solve these important customer problems. So I think we probably have some turnover and some of that would be expected. I mean if we had people that we were paying $200,000 to $300,000 a year to be a farmer, there aren't a lot of those kind of jobs around, I don't mind paying that kind of money or even more for a great hunter. So I think we're having a natural selection here. But we are not having trouble finding talent and I think the 1,000 number you talk about is normal float for a company of our size and scope.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, guys, this was a surprising and disappointing quarter for me. But as I said, I believe everything we're doing, we reflect and we try and learn and adjust and course correct. And what I would tell you, I'm disappointed in the quarter, not that -- about the performance that we underestimated the impact. At the same time, I'm -- never been more confident in our ability to win in this company and based on the feedback I'm getting from our employees, from our customers and from our partners. So we've got to dig ourselves out of the ditch here, we're working hard to make that happen. I think '15 through '17, we're going to be right on track with what we've shared. It's just a little bump in the road or a big bump in the road here, because of the disappointing bookings that we had in the balance of this year. So we'll work our way through it, we'll learn from it and we'll be better and thanks for all your support and help on this in -- as we get through it. Good talking together and I'm looking forward to next quarter, where, hopefully, we have a lot better story.
