Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, good question. Good job on CNBC this morning as well, Gabriela. You did good there. We did close deals that had slipped out of Q1 and Q2. That's definitely the case. I do believe we're still cautious on the length of time it takes to close them. As you know, we announced the completion of our investigation on, I think it was September 24, the very end of September, which was five days before the end of the quarter. And we do have a healthy pipeline as we go into the back half of the year as we commented on in our prepared remarks. There is a good chunk of that pipeline that is large deals as exampled in the examples I gave you on the conference call. Those deals, because there are a lot of product sets involved, sometimes are taking longer and I believe it is just going to be more difficult to close these huge deals than it was prior times. They're more competed for, there's more pieces and it's bigger and they're a little bit more complex. And so we are planning, as we talked about I think in Q1 that we are planning a longer time for the pipeline to close. You're getting to the outlook, I think we do have the sales capacity in place and the pipeline in place to reach similar numbers like we delivered last year, and that's taking into consideration that longer sales cycle.
Gregory S. Clark: So a couple of things come to mind. Saket, we do take a close watch on sales capacity. And so making sure that we have enough tenured sales capacity in our go-to-market function to back the amount of business that we need for the quarter. We have intolerance attrition in our sales force and our calculations on sales capacity are good for our forward guidance. So that is something that we really care about is what is the shape of our sales force right now. We're happy with that. And we couple that with what is the bottom's up view of our pipeline. We have a large sales force and we do look at the pipeline from a bottom's up point of view and we are happy with the amount of opportunity that's in our pipeline for the second half to back what's happening. I think the – as we mentioned before, we did see a slowdown in the close, the time to close took longer for our larger deals. We do have a reasonable amount of those in our pipeline and that's where the softness in the first half has come from. So we – looking forward, we do like also the seasonality of the business and then in our prepared remarks we talked about Q3 and Q4 being seasonally bigger quarters for us. I think that's underpinned by the end of the calendar year as a good time for Enterprise deals and also our fourth quarter, which is the first quarter of next calendar year is the beginning of the new budgets. And so we do see higher business levels in Q3 and Q4, which also give us some strength towards our guidance.
Gregory S. Clark: Saket, good question. So we – in our Network Solution, we have a number of form factors for how to get it. Pure cloud proxy is an important one. We also have virtual appliance proxies and our hardware proxies. We offer our customers all three of those and most of our transactions included a substantial element of our cloud proxy even in the event where we are in the business of refreshing some hardware stacks that is still inside of an account. We usually are attacking a substantial amount of roaming users or branch offices to our cloud proxy and our pure cloud proxy sales are also substantial in our business these days. So we definitely see the cloud-based solution being an essential factor of most of our bids. And I think we got a very competitive offering in that space and have investment in it that is definitely in it to win it for the long term. That's a very important focus for our company.
Gregory S. Clark: Good question. So we did report in our prepared remarks, we've had a slight decrease in members in the total number of members in the business but we also reported an increase in ARPU there and what that is driven from is, is from the cross-sell opportunity that we have. So when we did the acquisition of LifeLock, we had a case for that cross-sell and we're happy with the business case and that is working for us, so we do find that the conversion rate between a renewal whether it'd be LifeLock or Norton traditional folks as they look at these cyber safety offering, that we're offering now as a bundle where we have malware, privacy and identity protection in one thing, we are seeing a good purchasing of that bundle, which is driving an ARPU increase. And privacy is a very important topic in these times and we're seeing some very strong uptake of the obviously managed product in that cross-sell also.
Gregory S. Clark: So, let me take the first one and then I'll pass it on to Nick. So, Keith, we feel that our offering is resonating very well with our installed base and also with even net new, we still have a very strong acquisition budget in place in our Consumer business and we do see that offer of the combined set of offering is being very competitive and we are still happy with our conversion rates across that upsell. So, we got a long way to go of being able to grow our ARPU within our own customer base. I think we also have a renewed energy on partnerships in the world and making sure that we can go to market with other memberships. And I think we're going to look to the future also being able to get some more growth from partnering with other companies as we address their customer base. So, we like the ability to continue to grow our Consumer business for the long haul and we think that our cyber safety positioning is very strong, especially with the attention that's happening in the world today around consumer privacy and identity protection being a big piece of that. So, we think we've got a long way to go in that business.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes. So, I think the endpoint is a hotly contested environment. As we're all aware, in cyber defense there's a lot of start-up companies and heavily funded venture-backed organizations that are chipping away at it. We are pleased with our product effectiveness. We have been rated as the best, not just on the size of our business through ability to execute, but also in the vision side, we have also been rated the best by Gartner in the last period on endpoints. And we are very effective in the enterprise context around protecting against malware in the endpoint, whether it be through traditional signature-based detection and prevention technologies as well as our AI. Our AI has been extremely powerful in detecting and preventing cyberattacks and so we think we are competing well there. From a – question that you asked on our renewal rates, I think we've had some good wins in Endpoint that I talked about in some of the prepared remarks. We are taking accounts away from others and we're pleased with our renewal rates. I think if you look at some of the other bigger players in effectiveness of endpoint, we are a lot, lot better and so I believe that some of the growth we're seeing in the other start-up companies that are maybe executing reasonably well is coming out of other people's share.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes, so thanks for the question, Brad. I think we have a substantial footprint, U.S. federal government across both the defense sector and also the civilian side. So, we're very happy with our installed base in federal. I think federal was not an area for outperformance in the first half and a few factors to consider there. We did see an extension of the annual budget in the federal year-end to be granted a two-year budget and I think some pressure that used to exist in prior periods to spend everything in the September timeframe was alleviated this year. Going forward, we feel very good about our relevance in the federal government, our partnership with the federal government as not just in the United States, but also globally. And that I think we're well positioned to pick up some adjacencies in that market as we go forward.
Gregory S. Clark: So, just to answer your first question, I think the directors that we added to our board are excellent executives and very experienced directors. So, we're very happy with the addition of the directors that came in from Starboard. So, I have nothing – there is no – nothing but accolades for the contribution that they make. They are very seasoned and experienced people. And also, Dale Fuller is as an example of someone who has deep domain experience, both in Consumer and Enterprise Security and Peter Feld and Rick Hill, I think their resume stand on their own. So, I think we feel that we have a very strong board. We have a very decent set of diverse points of view on our board and an excellent governance as you can see from our 10-Q.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes. So, I think demand in Europe is strong. And if we look at the history of European performance, we are not seeing any slowdown in what's going on in cyber defense in Europe, I think I covered a substantial example in the prepared remarks that was European. Our European pipeline is in a great spot and we feel very positive about our ability to execute in Europe especially with the backdrop of cyber problems, the size of companies in Europe and our brand is extremely strong in all the major economies in the territory. So, I would go further to say that softness experienced in the first half has not been experienced in Europe.
Gregory S. Clark: So, as we think about the U.S., pipeline is very strong. We have a business case that can't be ignored when we have the best – arguably the best product in the category and three of those products need to be integrated together. We go into a customer with an integrated set of things that they would have to buy individually and integrate themselves. That value proposition, both from a Cyber Defense effectiveness point of view and a total cost of sustainment, which is the long-haul in cloud is a very strong business case in the United States. We have a very healthy pipeline and the slowdown that we saw in the first half is – in the majority in the U.S.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes. So, that's a good question for folks on the line. ATP is a very powerful advanced threat platform that works well with all of the Symantec portfolio, but it's extremely powerful as an EDR element for Endpoint. That has been a great success story for us. We have a very strong attach ATP to the Symantec Endpoint installed base.
Gregory S. Clark: So, how much visibility we have into the pipeline, I'd say, visibility of our hardware installed base is very good. We can see them, they get signatures and virus and bad website definitions from us all the time. So, we know where they are and we like our situation in our hardware footprint. As we move forward, we have offered our customers a very easy path to migrate from that footprint to pure cloud. And many of them take us up on that and quite a few of them enjoy a hybrid environment where they have some of that and some cloud as we talked about before. But we are pleased with our network attach. If you look at the five examples that I gave in the prepared remarks, you'll see some pretty substantial network proxy footprint in those examples.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Thanks, Gabriela. So couple of things and obviously as you know we don't give specific billings guidance, but let me walk you through a few pieces for FY 2020. So first of all in the scripted commentary, I talked about really three pieces to consider. Number one is what already exists as of this period of time and what exists as of the end of the second quarter. And there's a supplemental disclosure in terms of our performance obligation and the roll off of those performance obligations have become very important and you'll see that in our supplemental materials on page four. So first you're going to start with that. In addition, then you have the business in the back half of this fiscal year, which is included in our guidance, and which incorporates as Greg indicated the longer sales cycles that we're – that we talked about 90 days ago when we set the guidance for Enterprise, so those are two pieces. And then it's going to be our business and what we expect in FY 2020 for business. So when you think about those three pieces, we can calculate that high single to low double-digit Enterprise revenue growth off of one, the existing balance sheet and the roll off; two, what is in-period versus deferred in the second half of the year this year, and how that rolls through in FY 2020 into revenue; and then finally frankly a set of pretty low to moderate billings growth built into our FY 2020 assumptions. So there's three pieces there, but we have that ground down into the revenue outlook and the growth rate outlook for Enterprise that we've given for FY 2020.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Okay. So I'm going to bet that that cloud proxy point is going to be articulated much better by the guy across from me and that would be Greg. But we have talked about that ratable mix moving and obviously that moving over the course of the last year substantially. What you're going to look for and I think it's important before I hand it to Greg is to look at those supplemental materials in terms of how revenue is going to roll out in Enterprise. So as we talk about this mix of business transitioning and we gave you duration, which is the 605 metric for this year, we've talked about the fact that basically implied billings and duration and everything comes basically on top of one another. So your billings growth and your revenue growth are going to be the same ultimately. We're in that ratable transition. We're trying to give you a bunch of statistics around it and I hope those are helpful and I hope the supplemental materials are helpful. But on your question of cloud proxy, let me give it over to Greg.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure. So we actually don't break out, Fatima, the new versus the renew in terms of the implied billings. We've given a good amount of information there in terms of the ASC 606 balances and obviously, the compare to ASC 605 and you're able to work through for those on the line, the total which was a minus 3 (36:03) versus even short-term for those who are interested in that. Suffice to say, we have a large installed base on the Enterprise side. Those are renewal machine, is a very important machine for us and one where we look at and we work through those pieces at all times and we feel very good about the work that team has done with the bringing together of the businesses between Symantec and Blue Coat. Because many times the first place everybody focuses on is the new side, but it's equally important to keep working on our installed base and our retention of our installed base so that team has been working very hard over the course of the last year and those renewal numbers are built into the overall implied billings.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Hi, Keith, so a couple of things I think on the margin side to keep in mind is just as much as we're focused on the growth of the business, we're focused on those margins. And I think we've been pretty specific about over the past, the costs we've taken out and the commitments we've made on costs as well as consistent in terms of how we talk about margins going forward. There will always be elements of costs that move from one quarter to another. I wouldn't call anything specific for this quarter versus prior. Obviously, we have a – versus the guidance a beat on revenue that we see the benefit of in terms of the margins recognized in Q2. So, as we look at the rest of the year, we're guiding for what we see in the business, we're guiding for what we see in the top line as well as in the cost base. And as we build in the restructuring, which we think is really full effect of which is a benefit to FY 2020, we'll talk about the benefits from that as well.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure. So, as you know, Michael, we give you a P&L look at the world, and I think the best way to look at that is actually in our supplemental materials as well as in our 8-K for the earnings release. So, in the supplemental materials for FY 2018, you're going to see a line called restructuring transition and other costs of $410 million. And then in addition to that in the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP operating income and EPS that's attached to the 8-K, you're going to see an impact from restructuring transition and other costs of about $285 million. So that's just a calculation, okay? So, I think what you need to consider when we think about cash flow for the future is we have a reducing set of costs that show up in that P&L that will roll into cash. And what we've been saying and saying pretty consistently is that our restructuring and transition-type expenses are largely coming to a close in this fiscal year, which means that from a cash perspective we'll see the benefit of that roll off as we go into FY 2020. It's not going to be exact, because cash is always going to follow P&L by some set of days and months type of thing, but we expect to see a benefit from the completion of those restructuring transition types events in 2019 as we go into 2020.
Nicholas R. Noviello: So yeah there are tables that we do once a year in the disclosure in the 10-K that are related to Identity Protection and all of the pieces that you saw. So we won't have a disclosure that looks exactly like that in the quarter. Suffice it to say or for the quarter or for Q1 or for Q2 because both of those Qs are coming here. We hope shortly as we get back on file, those are annual tables, suffice it to say the Identity Protection side of our business continues to do quite well as Greg alluded to earlier and especially as we bring in the cross-sell and the other pieces of privacy et cetera, we feel good about the trajectory of the business. And the final part, I'd talk about there is we also had a pretty significant event occur a year ago in terms of the Equifax event and the amount of paying subscribers that came to our platforms than that are now built in. And we've seen very good retention from.
Nicholas R. Noviello: And Karl, let me make a comment there in terms of your question on margins. As you heard in the scripted commentary, we have a significant focus on margins and we talked about our outlook for FY 2020 with total company operating margins in the mid-30s and certainly there is a set of margin growth there that comes from the Enterprise side. And as we look, by the way, at Enterprise and the impact of just the divestiture on the last year, it's something like 6 points or 7 points of margin quarter-over-quarter in terms of that impact. So, as we look to 2020 in that mid-30s operating margin, that is work we're doing. We've talked about the restructuring elements, we've talked about the top line elements and the leverage from top line. We've not gone further than that, in terms of talking about where margins may get to, but obviously we feel like we have a platform here between the two elements of business that has the opportunity for top line growth. We've talked about that, have the opportunity for continued leverage and earnings and cash flow benefits.
