Vincent Pilette: For sure. And, obviously, the topic of innovation and the future development is a huge important framework discussion that's difficult to address in a very fix time frame here. So, we'll share more at our Analyst Day, about that specifically where do we want to invest, how we use technology and the new capabilities we've built to address the next Gen of cybersafety and more. And when it comes to genie, it's both a future acquisition tool if you want, we actually acquired Avast as capabilities with freemium. Today the number one priority is adoption. And then we're going to continue to add values into the tool and turn a freemium into a premium. And at the same time, it's also a retention rate because it's adding functionalities and value to the current members. So, that's that. It's more than that, because the AI new developments if you want have impacted both for us the threat landscape on one side. So, it's changing what the threat looks like and from the past device security and protecting new data to personification, scams and frauds becoming a big topic. AI is accelerating that in ways that are multiple and we'll share more at the Analyst Day. And at the same time, it's also an opportunity for us to continue and improve our platform. The value we bring, not only against a lack of protection, but also an empowerment tool for you to help understand in the AI safety how algorithm and other machine learning and AI models can influence what you're looking at in the digital world, and how you use it. So we see the whole technology as a transformational strength here both on the threat and on the protection side that give us plenty of opportunity. We started currently with a very simple easy-to-use anti-scam tool, that you can download and very quickly check whether it's a scam or not, gives you advice on what to do and how to address it and then we'll continue to expand today, in early access and you'll hear more over the next few weeks months and quarters, how it goes. And then at Analyst Day, we'll share more about how we envision the Genie platform, to be part of our next-gen cybersafety. 
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So, absolutely right. We -- first of all, yes, it's nice to see the direct customer count pressure we've seen for the last five quarters continuously being reduced on the path to breakeven and returning to growth. And if you look at the really, really post-COVID effect where I think we lost 400,000 customers that quarter. We've been reducing that gap all the way to almost breakeven here in Q1. We for the first time talk about those gross adds because many of you investors or analysts had the impression that maybe we're facing like a headwind that we were not controlling and it's really about flushing through the post-COVID impact that Natalie described I won't reiterate it. But when you look at the gross adds and where we are here in Q1 and it's up high single-digits over the last two and a half, three years low single-digit CAGR, it's actually right in line to what we had said three years ago which we will grow balancing all of our drivers including low single-digit growth rate on customer count and normalizing for COVID that's where we're getting to. Now, that is coupled with now having merged with Avast built Gen that has accelerated capabilities and the capabilities as we had mentioned was the breadth of the portfolio the capabilities whether it's renewal cross-sell or technology and then the channel and international expansion. You talked about the expansion internationally. And I'll give you one example because we actually -- internationally we feel pretty good about almost all areas. But Latin America was particularly strong and when you decompose the last three quarters' strength we've seen there it's really coming down together with our capabilities. NortonLifeLock was almost inexistent Avast already had a lot of presence. Then we brought into that region the portfolio of brands introduced products under Norton as well as we continue to then beef up the portfolio in introducing the first identity offering if you want -- so expanding the brand, expanding the cross-sell, and then expanding the channel, not just direct, but also indirect and having a combined view. Basically leveraging the strength of Gen as we came together with LifeLock -- NortonLifeLock and Avast. Basically the capabilities are coming together and over the next two years you should see us managing the macro level environment but really driving on our revenue synergies and accelerated our growth to that mid-single digits. 
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Saket, if I can add also my perspective on this one for as good as operator as we believe we are, and for as far as we wanted to integrate these two leaders together into Gen, the reality is it takes time. It takes time to build the best team in today. We have the best team in consumer cybersafety. It takes time to integrate the processes that now have center of expertise all renewals, across all brands are from one team that has all the expertise, same with cross-sell, et cetera. And it takes -- it just takes time. And now we have at least after Q1, a full quarter operating as an integrated company. And so the confidence to redirect is improving. The second aspect would be for me is we have the ambition to trend -- to change the current trend. We had to flush through the post-COVID effect we're almost at the end of that and you've seen it in the reduction of the customer count gap and it's getting there if you trend it. And we've seen early signs of success from our early investment and/or cross revenue synergies that we feel confident we now can guide the business in the longer-term.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Well, I would say, negative is negative, breakeven is breakeven, and positive is positive. So I would expect that we breakeven through the year and finish the year, as I said, on a positive note, which means on the positive direct customer count growth. And I'll stop short of quantify, because we have multiple levers, we'll have priorities as we go and we'll see trends. It's not linear day in day out, week in week out, everything comes into move, but we have so many levers to go and drive the over long-term value that we feel confident enough that the trend you've seen in direct customer count over the last five quarters, are you reducing that gap almost I could call this quarter breakeven. We still call it minus 29,000 is going to breakeven and then return to growth. 
Vincent Pilette: We'll partner with Natalie, but I'll take the first crack at it. We can take offline on how you think that CAC is increasing depending on what is in the marketing line. But our cost of direct customer acquisition has been within a small range pretty stable for the last few quarters. Now we continue to invest in that. We now have a system that we feel is working. We have for our entire marketing spend by cohort and by investment, the CLV, the return on investment and the long-term value. And based on our very structured and data-driven framework, we continue to invest more in marketing as we see the growth. So as long as you see positive trend going you'll see us continue to invest in that. And we have not seen marketing rate change over the last short term, I would say, last few months. Natalie I don't know if you want to add anything to that? Okay. Okay. If there is no more question then let me quickly go to some closing comments. I want to mention that on Monday, we published our 2023 social impact report. As the new company Gen, we took the opportunity to reimagine what impact you want to make and reshape our global social impact strategy with our family of trusted consumer brands. Our dual head cores and more importantly our mission in mind. So, today, we're well positioned as a clear leader in consumer cybersafety and we're building a company that drives a real impact around the world. I'm very proud of the team and what we have accomplished so far. This is a reflection of our team so intensively mission-driven, focused on executing and creating value for all of our stakeholders. And while we have already achieved a lot since becoming solely dedicated to consumer cybersafety the truth is that we feel that we're really just getting started. So, thank you for joining the call today and I look forward to talking to you soon. 
