Michael A. Brown: Walter, so we are continuing to improve our SEP or endpoint product, which, you're right, is the flagship of our security -- Enterprise Security portfolio. So with continued releases, we would expect to keep up with some of the trends we need to, to better protect attacks. And then I think significantly, as you referred to, the ATP series is a set of modules that are really complementary products. So ATP endpoint obviously will be a complementary product that will better protect the endpoint, but it also drives strength from the modules that we'll be selling with that. And so ATP network, for example, will be attacking a completely new market for us to better protect incoming attacks that occur over network traffic. So we're excited about the continued growth we're seeing in the endpoint product. We're going to continue to enhance that product, but the ATP solution is something that will be additive to our revenue in the Enterprise Security portfolio.
Michael A. Brown: Brad, I think about it as being very sustainable. I mean, one of the things that you point out about the OEM placement fees is they should help pay for an ongoing stream, or you can think of it as annuity. But what you find when you look at the actual results from placing with OEMs is first of all, you're not assured that for the business they do that's not direct, for example, what they sell through retail, you can be replaced even before the consumer sees your product. And we were finding that with large retailers that many of them exert their own power to put whatever consumer protection product they would like on there depending on how they're paid. And then those in turn end up being a lower rate of renewals. So the business is driven off how well you can improve renewal rates. So rather than rely on this chain of very uncertain transaction, us, the OEM, the OEM to the retailer, the retailer to the consumer, we're choosing to focus on improving the online acquisitions, going direct to the consumer, improving the customer experience and then improving the renewal rate. That's one of the reasons why we simplified the product line and have gone to subscription service. Now it will take us a number of quarters to be able to convert most of our Norton consumers to a subscription service. But when we do that, we believe we'll have very sustainable business and really get away from the headwind we're facing right now that relates to auto renewal policy changes.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, as we said, we expect for the next several quarters to have rates of decline that are equivalent to this magnitude, and then we would expect the compares to ease or improve so that, that trend becomes moderated. And obviously, we keep you updated as we go through that.
Michael A. Brown: Well, Thomas probably will have a comment on this in a minute. But before he comments, I would just say that the license growth we're seeing is driven by some particular products, as we mentioned. So if you look at the strength that's being driven by our Enterprise NetBackup business and our Appliance business, we're both growing share in that business right now. And we're focusing more of our resources in the backup business towards the Enterprise. So, for example, on the Appliance business, we just introduced the 5330 at the end of last quarter. It doubled the capacity and performance of a previous model that was in the market. So we're really addressing a whole new market segment there. And we would expect that we'll be able to continue not only to expand that globally because it was introduced first in North America with that product, but also we'll continue to make improvements in capacity and performance. So we feel like that trend has some staying power.
Michael A. Brown: Brent, I wouldn't view it as a new strategy. It's really just reflecting the fact that network traffic is an important area to understand when you're trying to analyze a threat. So if you recall, when we, several quarters ago, introduced our first ATP offering, which was managed security service ATP, it also took advantage of a partnership that we have with 3 of the next-generation firewall providers: so Cisco, Sourcefire, Palo Alto networks and Check Point. So it's not an indication that we're going into network. Don't expect us to be delivering a next-generation firewall product. But we are recognizing that adding that telemetry to what we already do in terms of understanding from the other control points like mail, email, like web, like endpoint, is an important element in understanding the whole. So we'll continue to partner there. And if we can provide a product like we're doing with ATP network that complements an investment of firewall, you could expect something like that from us.
Michael A. Brown: One of the things that is often missed is that there's tremendous leverage between the Consumer business and the Enterprise business at the endpoint. So all of the innovations that we talk about for Enterprise endpoints are also in our Consumer product. And in fact, as consumers subscribe, they're getting more of a real time improvement in product capability. So in addition to the real time signature updates which people were getting before with products, now you actually can get improvements in the functionality rather than waiting for a renewal cycle and downloading the next version. So we're keeping consumers every bit as protected with advanced features, use of high capability analytical engines that we have and sourcing that vast telemetry that we like to talk about, that 4.3 trillion objects in real time that we're monitoring globally. So consumers are benefiting from that just as our Enterprise customers are.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think of it in 2 ways. So one is that we are able to keep customers protected and avoid this question of an annual renewal cycle. So this is something where we made changes to the business recently, somewhat in response to changes in consumer protection in EMEA but was rolled out worldwide. And if you think about it, every time you present the customer with a renewal opportunity, they have to make a choice, there's an opportunity for leakage in the business. If someone is a subscriber, then they maintain their subscription until they opt out. So that's what we mean by going to a subscription basis. This is the second way to think about it. A customer benefits here because we're not waiting for a renewal and a download. So that means that rather than a 1-year cycle that at the end of that period and then I download a new version, we can provide more continuous updates to the customer in terms of functionality of the capability delivered from the cloud. So it's just a more modern way of protecting consumers. They get better protection, and we think there will be a better business model that results for Norton and Symantec.
Michael A. Brown: Well, if I think about one way your question could be going, it's kind of how inconvenient is this for customers. And actually it's designed with customer convenience in mind because it takes a large enterprise something on the order of 2 years to implement a new endpoint protection. And that's because it needs to be qualified and tested. You not only have to replace perhaps an endpoint product with a new endpoint, but also the endpoint manager needs to be replaced at the server level. So rather than ask our customers to go through some kind of a 2-year upgrade cycle, they're able to add this complementary product of ATP endpoint and get this advanced capability while leaving their current investment in SEP leveraged. So I think that -- and of course, that will be at a different price point because this will be a separate capability that we'll be offering from what people have traditionally bought with endpoints. As it relates to future packages down the road, it would be too early to say. We'll have to see what customer feedback we get as we launch this initial ATP solution with the 3 modules. We'll certainly be looking for their feedback on what's the best way to buy security in addition to continuing to offer services for those customers that don't want to go through that process of trying to integrate products themselves, we view expanded services as another growth opportunity.
Michael A. Brown: Well, the momentum is really driven by what we're seeing -- let's start with the Veritas business -- as the opportunities that we're focused on. And so we feel like we're focused on some of the higher growth opportunities where we have real advantage. So we've talked often about NetBackup as being the premier backup product for enterprises, and we're gaining share in that right now. We're investing in improving NetBackup with more frequent releases. We would expect that to be able to continue to drive strength. Same with the Appliances which, of course, has been one of our fastest-growing businesses and we're clearly gaining share, now the #2 in that market. So I think the headcount reduction is separate. They were looking for some efficiencies and we're being smart about where we would take that headcount reduction. That doesn't get in the way of providing better products for customers, R&D or the selling motion, where we have productive territories. So I really see them as 2 different activities that we're looking very carefully at the connection between where can we get continued growth but still drive efficiencies and not slow down our progress.
Michael A. Brown: Thomas brings up a good point on the go-to-market motion. So we, in fact, have increased the number of quota-carrying salespeople while bringing total sales headcount down. Leadership for each of these 2 sales forces has already been meeting to start planning FY '16 in Q1. So it's certainly our intent to have as smooth a transition as possible to the beginning of next fiscal year when we'll have those sales forces completely dedicated.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, so I think that's about 15% or so of our total Enterprise Security business and -- Helyn's reminding me, total revenue of Symantec, is that what you -- so thanks for the correction. And it's really the email protection. Email.cloud would be the largest product line there, largest offering.
Michael A. Brown: Sure, Pat. We sat back and looked at what is the brand equity for Veritas because that was an obvious choice to make. So we undertook some research there with customers and partners, probably no surprise to you and many of the folks who follow us, we kept the Veritas name in some of the product lines that we've had. In particular, the Storage Foundation, Cluster Server products, still very much identified with Veritas. And then we also took a look at other names that we could use. Of course, that would have cost us a lot more to be able to invest in launching another name and quickly concluded that it made sense both from the tremendous positive brand equity there was in the Veritas name, with customers, partners, employees, certainly. And that made it a very simple choice relevant to the additional costs that we would have incurred by trying to launch a new name in the marketplace.
Michael A. Brown: Interesting enough, Michael, it's all 3 of those. So it will be an appliance. Of course, it's software loaded on that appliance. And it uses a cloud. So just in a nutshell, some of the key capabilities of that product. We will be able to, through the software, prioritize the incidents we see from the traffic that we're analyzing. That's key from a productivity standpoint, because one of the things that we've talked about before is the complex problem that security operations professionals have and they've got to look through a tremendous number of alerts and identify quickly what are false positives here and what's already been remediated. So the ATP network product, particularly in combination with our ATP endpoint product, you're going to be able to see if something you're observing is a potential attack. It's already been remediated on the endpoint. So tremendous benefit by looking at these capabilities together and then the ability to prioritize these incidents is a tremendous productivity improvement. Delivered from the cloud will be something we call Cynic that I referenced in my earlier remarks. So this is the virtual execution engine, the sandbox capability. And we believe this will be certainly best-in-class because we are now able to prevent attacks from what we're calling malware-aware threats. So the threats, or the malware has become more sophisticated in evolving to know if it's in a sandbox. We've got a way around that to force it to expose itself so that we can detonate that. And then of course, also delivered from the cloud is the correlation with that telemetry data that we have. So we'll be able to -- that's a capability we call Synapse so we'll be able to see what are you seeing on the network and how does that correlate with our 4.3 million threats that we are monitoring. So on appliance, obviously using software and definitely utilizing cloud capability.
Michael A. Brown: Aaron, I think both of what you said are true. We have some products that are not growing that we called out here. But we're seeing in terms of the business activity, significant improvements that lead us to believe that in FY '16, our next fiscal year, we'll definitely see growth from the Enterprise Security segment. And in particular, we're excited about the ATP products because those are additional revenue coming from new products that provide complementary capabilities. Our DLP business continues to grow. We're twice as big as the next competitor there. We've seen that grow in the last couple of quarters and we continue to add some new capabilities to make sure that we have the best DLP capability out there. We talked in my earlier remarks about 2 new cloud offerings that we're having there, or are going to be introducing this quarter, I should say. So I am confident we're going to see some growth from enterprise security in FY '16.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think there's kind of 2 concepts that you're talking about. One is the advantage of suites and the other is size of vendor. So I'll just talk about size of vendor first. I think it's a tremendous advantage to be able to supply customers, not only with a range of products but also the support that's required and the benefit of a historical ongoing relationship. So I think as it relates to size of vendor, if we can provide something that is competitive in the marketplace I think we have an advantage versus the many small companies, startups out there, even though they've got something that could be interesting. It's very complex to be integrating all of these point solutions. So I'd say that if there's something that truly offers incredible advantage, the largest enterprise customers are going to be willing to take a look at that. But even they have to be selective and it takes up a lot of their resources to be able to understand all these products and integrate them. So we should have an advantage at Symantec given our size and scale. One of the things that we're banking on, as you can tell from our strategy, is taking advantage of all that threat telemetry. So it's not just the technology capability but what do we see out there in terms of the threats and how can we make our customers smarter. We've already got some interesting proof points of customers being able to see more about what's going on and protect themselves better by taking advantage of that vast threat telemetry that we offer. That's why we think the ATP solutions are going to be so powerful in the marketplace.
Michael A. Brown: Thank you very much for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you at our Financial Analyst Day in New York on April 17.
Thomas J. Seifert: Not at this point. We were down to, I think, slightly above $280 million remaining in the previous authorization. That is the run rate we had that you correctly mentioned. That was not enough of a buffer. And we were rather public that we are going to continue the capital distribution policy that we have in place to date at least until the separation takes place. So this new authorization is really enabling to continue with what we have in place. And at this point in time, not a contemplation to increase the run rate.
Thomas J. Seifert: A very good question. Of course, we think, and I think we said that before, that the momentum that is building through the initiatives and driving the organization to better focus on efficiencies, that momentum will carry into the new fiscal year and we will carry that momentum also in both entities after the split. Of course, the rate of improvement is going to slow down a bit. It's going to plateau. And we were also public saying that some of these savings we are going to reinvest, especially in the security side, on the Symantec side, we're going to reinvest some of the efficiency gains into innovation and R&D spend. So you could expect improvement beyond separation, but probably at a slower pace.
Thomas J. Seifert: Not much to add from my sight. I think we see the benefits of the go-to-market changes that have been initiated. Unfortunately, some of the progress is camouflaged or headwinded by currency topics for the time being. But the soundness [ph] of the transformation attacking some of the root causes of the underperformance in the past seem to be rather effective. And that's why we are quite content for the profits we have achieved so far.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. I think it's important that we especially protect the momentum in 2 areas: on the innovation front and on the go-to-market side. On the innovation side, we hardly touched our overall R&D spend. We're putting a lot of focus into productivity measures, getting faster doing HR [ph] deployment and more efficient development processes, but we are hardly touching R&D from an overall spend perspective in order to protect the innovation momentum. On the go-to-market side, we've accelerated the separation. I've been talking about getting operational separation for the 2 entities by October. We plan to enter the new fiscal year starting April. However, with 2 separate sales organization so the sales leadership has been dedicated. The coverage models have been defined. Sales compensation and quotas have been rolled out so we can make sure that we are not impacting that momentum during the year but are in the right starting positions with the first day of the new fiscal year.
Thomas J. Seifert: I think that would be a fair description from a momentum perspective. This is one of the areas where we think we are -- we've hit the turning point.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, unfortunately, yes. So I think I said this on the last call. We understand this year is a bit messy and we'll think for the Analyst Day whether we finally get to a point where we provide cash flow guidance on a quarterly basis. But we will have more impacts than just separation and restructuring impacts. We also said that in order to move our business model, we have to see some increased INT as infrastructure spend to consolidate sites, to consolidate data centers. And then we have some onetimes, especially this quarter, on the cash flow side, not so much from the separation but with respect to tax payments. So we ended this quarter at $358 million. For the fourth quarter, we will be up probably 20% including all the separation and restructuring charges.
