Gregory S. Clark: Yes, so I think the endpoint is a busy space at the moment, and one of the things that we're really into is delivering a converged endpoint to try to reduce some of the chaos and expense in our customers as we had described in one of the examples. And so we have I think closed the gap on any of the AI-based [stimulus] detection machine learning aspects of the endpoint and always had the best sort of detection technologies that we had. And recently, we had turned our energy onto the EDR front. EDR is a very important piece. It is really trying to get to the repair and response to malware events or cyber security events. We have entered the market last year with that and I think in our prepared remarks we talked about some substantial success in that first year and we really look forward to that converged solution coming into the release of our SEP 14 platform in the very near future. From a customer wallet point of view, there is a wallet open for EDR at the moment in the enterprise, and we do expect to take a good piece of that. And I think another big benefit for us is the effect of that capability in our product in our renewal and we do expect our renewal rates on endpoint to increase. We are also delivering other endpoint technology that is great. We have a future release coming up this year of endpoint integrated very tightly with our proxy technology that will change the game in being able to respond and detect problems. And we have a great cross sell opportunity for endpoint DLP, which is very powerful in the cloud generation for protecting enterprise data from the endpoint to the cloud. So you put all that together, we also think there is a great opportunity for us to take share as some of the big market share leaders have had some headwinds in third party analysis. And as mentioned, in our prepared remarks, it had reports come out that have sort of downgraded their capability. We expect to step into some of that share also. One of the other points I'd like to make about the remarks in our conference call is the traditional Symantec Enterprise Security business grew this quarter in Q4. And remember comments from the prior call where that was slightly negative and we had felt good about our opportunity to bring that back to growth. And that was delivered in Q4.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, so I'll start off. I think with the Blue Coat question. So first we did see more subscription. I think there's a couple of things that are going on there. First of all, we have now achieved feature parity with the Blue Coat solution, whether it be the hardware appliance, the VAs that we deployed for software defined network solutions and also the pure cloud offering. So we want to provide our products to customers the way they want to buy them. And as we see more and more cloud adoption in the enterprise, we now offer our customers the three different versions of how to take that technology on. In the fourth quarter, we saw a more than what we had planned adoption of the cloud and subscription versions of those form factors. Very good result because that is proof that the Symantec technology is being designed into the future network architectures of some of our large enterprise customers. We think that there's going to be more of that in the future, and hence, we have on many conference calls, we have put an underscore on mix as we go forward and we do see, as the cloud generation takes off, more of that mix. We also have seen great traction with our Blue Coat subscription and Blue Coat cloud technology. That is something that is growing at a very strong clip. And as we reported in our remarks, that 67% growth rate at the sort of revenue zip code, we do expect a strong future there. So that hits the current period with tailwinds into the deferred revenue for the future. But we really also want to point out it's difficult to decipher the deferred revenue, and Nick can make comments on that later or at the Analyst Day. But I think it's really important to understand that we did see the expected levels of business in the Blue Coat products in Q4, and we saw a shift of some of the form factor with which it is purchased, which affected some of the end period revenue. Okay, so the business was in good shape. And we're happy with the outcome there.
Gregory S. Clark: Hey, Melissa. Thank you. Very good questions. So two things are happening and just put an underscore around the product mix that we described and also the ramp in sales. And we did talk in our prepared remarks about two things. We have put a substantial amount of work into the back office systems and what we have done in our demand chain and our channel. That has gone into effect coming out of Q4 and into the first quarter of this fiscal year. And we have spent a lot of time planning and preparing the sort of realignment of our sales force where we used to have that sales force overlap on a bunch of named accounts. We have now worked for the last nine months to align them to the market. And we are just signaling to folks that it will take a little bit of time for that newly-aligned field to get productive. Okay? And so those are two things. And I'll pass the call over – the question over to Nick to hit a couple of these as well.
Gregory S. Clark: I think that's a good point. Okay, the bundles are important. We mentioned that we are the only vendor in the market in our prepared remarks with the four major pieces of CloudStack, and others really taking what used to be four separate sort of pieces of technology and putting them together. That's an example of a bundle. And when we put it together, how that gets purchased and recognized is different than it may be historically. And I think the other piece that's really, really important is we did do the hard work for those of you who are long-term, we did go after the massive number of different kinds of distribution contracts. Thousands and thousands of SKUs, and reduced those things to a modern demand chain, modern set of distribution contracts and a much, much simplified price book for our products, and so we are going after long-term complexity take-down. And the other piece, I think, that definitely makes me feel good about things is our sales attrition is extremely low. And we come out of a fiscal year with just everybody hit all their – the usual cohort of very good folks did well, and now coming into this year, you usually get a spike in attrition. We did not have that.
Gregory S. Clark: So, now let me start off by passing over the growth by product question to Nick, and he can knock some of that down, and I'll come back to the last one.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, no problem. So let me take on the Norton Core one first, and then I'll circle back to the private. So in the Norton Core discussion, we have seen from the pre-launch of the product at the CES Show around the start of January, we've seen a continuing build in substantial interest both from kind of end customers as well as cable, broadband, telecom operators and other folks that have been traditional channels for more malware oriented technology. So we think that the future is bright for Core, and we've had some very, very good business interactions with some of those providers. We don't have – we don't want to mess up any of our announcements that may happen in the future by talking about that on this call, but I would say that we still are very optimistic about Core. And because of the value proposition, and I think the growing awareness of the plethora of internet enabled devices in the home and being able to take care of that. So we like the business activity around Core, and we think as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the growth driver from that is definitely a reason for optimism. For the first part of your question is really about endpoint and Proxy. And I think that we've delivered. One thing that we talked about on the call, which is very powerful, which is the threat telemetry into our AI that comes from the integration of endpoint and our Proxy technology. And what that means is if we know about something in the web that's bad, the endpoints are aware of that and they won't even initiate those kind of connections when the user is requesting those or when malware is trying to go to those. Also, modern malware comes to you in lots of pieces. It can be taking a long time with different forms of getting there. When we detect that and we go and stitch that back together, we can vaccinate all of those avenues in the network, and thus shut down those infections, and so we really like what's happening right now in our telemetry and the AI associated with it. When we first launched it, we talked about blocking 300-and-some-thousand events per day, and that's gotten smarter over time. And is now into the 3-plus million per day. And so that is extremely encouraging. What's happening next in conjunction with what we're doing in EDR is being able to have our network technology reach back to the client when they see something that they don't understand or something that's new or something that's anomalistic, and ask what's on the other end of this? What is requesting this? What is this? And when we see kind of a Twitter tweet that didn't come from a Twitter app or a browser, we would get very interested in that, and that EDR meets ProxySG. And our security analytics technology delivers a solution that we think will seriously differentiate us in the market. We know a lot about it and we're working hard towards that goal. Additionally, we have some more work we're doing with our client multi-factor authenticator to also enlist our users when we something that's anomalistic, and actually ask them, hey, we noticed this. Are you actually copying all these files right now? And we get a yes or no out of that, and that can really also enlist a very different set of remediation and detection capability. So we are driving innovation in network meets endpoint in a huge way and we are – our engineers are super excited about what's going on. And they run into my office quite often to show me something cool, and I think we're going to excite people as we start to release those pieces of technology where the rest of our network technology meets endpoint.
Gregory S. Clark: We're forecasting organic growth in FY 2018 for consumer, and there's a lot of room for positive thoughts about how that's going to go.
Gregory S. Clark: So, I think that's it. We're out of time, overtime. And I'd just like to thank all of you for getting on the call and asking some great questions. And at this point, in the transformation of Symantec, I think we have achieved some outstanding results on the operational efficiencies and the margin optimization. And I think we are set up on an outcome for FY 2018 that we feel as management team is achievable. And we feel great about what happens coming out of FY 2018 into FY 2019, and that is something that we really look forward to the discussion at Financial Analyst Day. We'll put the coffee pot on early. It's going to be a lot of detail. There's a lot to discuss. And look forward to seeing you all in person I think in just a little less than a month on June 8. So thank you very much for your time today.
Nicholas R. Noviello: So, Sarah, it's Nick. Thanks for the question. So maybe first of all, let me just frame the general size of the business, around $350 million in that type of a range. A substantial amount of the business especially as we enter a year in, in Q1 will come off the balance sheet. So, obviously I wanted to size it, but as Greg indicated in his comments, we're having a set of conversations and discussions around our business, around the environment with Google and others. So we don't want to get into too much detail and granularity on that at this point in time because those are ongoing discussions, but we feel good about those that are happening. So, suffice it to say, I think it's important to understand the relative size of the business versus the rest of the portfolio. A substantial amount of the business comes off the balance sheet. So obviously that's a risk mitigator in terms of end quarter or quarterly revenue streams and contribution to EPS. But it's certainly something that we think about on the go forward.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yeah, Melissa, maybe just to put a point on the non-sales side for a second because Greg's obviously incredibly close to that. But I wanted to also highlight the amount of work that the enterprise team has been doing in the integration activities. And because we are touching every SKU, every disty, every channel partner, all the price lists. The team's been training the sales force since October/November timeframe. There's been a significant – and then the system side of the fence where the team here has really broken through multiple years of stuff that hasn't been integrated to make it integrated. So a lot of work has been done. We look at that as a real positive in terms of the future, in terms of traction, in terms of visibility to our business and all of those pieces. Obviously that all landed at the beginning of the quarter, and we want to be conscious of that. And want to be measured when we think about how fast an individual can pick up all this new stuff and be at 100% capacity with it. Everything feels good, and I think the team is very, very excited about all that change. But just want to be conscious of it, when we pull together the financial side of the fence for Q1. And obviously I indicated in the scripted commentary, also our thoughts around where the revenue falls this year, and it's a different mix in terms of the proportions in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. That is obviously a discussion of what's going on, on the enterprise side here, and the ramp up that we expect to have, as well as the synergies on the consumer side with the bundles on LifeLock.
Nicholas R. Noviello: And Matt, you're kind of getting into some stuff that we're looking forward to showing at Financial Analyst Day. So let me just give you some high level statistics. What we're looking at, and the teams, again, on the enterprise side has done a really good job here looking at the products and where we are on the products. And frankly we can group growers and great growers and others, and when we do those types of things, we've got a substantial element of the product on the ES side that are growing already in the mid to high single digits. And that incorporates some of the elements obviously from Blue Coat, from endpoint, et cetera, which we'll show you at the Financial Analyst Day. That is also reflecting only the front end of what we think we can do in terms of the combinations of products and products working together that Greg spoke to. We also indicated that looking at products is going to be difficult go forward as we bundle, but we want to try to give you some of that perspective the best we can. And I'll point you to Financial Analyst Day for some of that material. We also acknowledge that there's elements of the portfolio that are shrinking, right? And that's a small proportion of the whole. When we break it into those types of proportions, we feel that that shrink is going to moderate over the course of the year as some of these things just become less and less important. But we do expect to show you that kind of what set of products are in what camp, if you will, to give you a perspective of what we're working with, and then how that looks going forward, and how we're going to be combining things go forward. But as I indicated in the scripted remarks, I think that us talking about specific products and numbers for specific products in any one quarter, we're going to be doing a lot less of.
Nicholas R. Noviello: And then maybe just a couple of points on the Norton side of the fence or I should say on the consumer side of the fence with digital safety strategy. So first of all, I think – let me come up for a second and really acknowledge what's happened over the past year. I think the results and the top line results have continued to get better, and we've been better than, and the team has driven better than expected results each quarter. With LifeLock, the actual – the GAAP results are basically flat year-on-year, and I think nobody would have expected that. Obviously I realize there's a stub period in there for LifeLock, but as we project forward into FY 2018, we have a consumer organization that is growing and is growing organically. And I think that's really important based upon a couple of things. Some of them, we're seeing already, such as the renewal metrics, the mobile solutions, the privacy technology. And some of them are on the LifeLock side of the fence in the bundles between Norton and LifeLock. And we continue to be very, very positive on that interlink. There is – the last piece I'd say is between the two, we have a substantial demand gen budget. And we are utilizing that. We are doing all of the pieces in terms of building and getting those bundles ready. Greg mentioned some timing on some of that stuff in his prepared remarks. I'm going to point you to Financial Analyst Day again because I know that Fran will be spending much more time talking about it then as well. So we are very positive on it. I think what I don't want to do is have you think that it's only the bundles that are driving the betterment in consumer. It's the work that's going on in just blocking and tackling of the basics of renewals, on new products as well. But we feel very, very good about the prospects for consumer and for organic growth in FY 2018.
