Vincent Pilette: Yes. So definitely, as you know, we have been investing in our partner channels. We've been saying that now for many, many quarters. It represents about -- slightly above 10% of our overall business and we believe that there is more opportunities to go to other channels and/or to partner with other solution providers to provide a combined solution to consumers. I mentioned the two channels we like. Of course, it's the mobile channel. Some of our competitors have moved that channel into a direct. It basically goes through app stores, and it's not in our direct business today because of the billing definition, doesn't go to us directly. But to be honest with you, the consumers gets on our platform and we have direct access to them and communicate and provide value. So, that has been growing. We're seeing definitely a shift towards mobile users. A few quarters ago, we crossed the Norton 360 platform to be the majority of the product sold on mobile, which is a very good sign. And you'll see us continue to move up in that channel good momentum. The second one is employee benefit. It goes through employers that offer to their employee full protection in the cyber world, identity protection privacy and device security. There too, we have the direct engagement with the customers on our LifeLock platform but the payment goes to the payroll of the company that supports that. We believe we have more to go in mid-market. We continue to invest in our direct sales partnering with the broker to penetrate that. And you'll see continued growth and focus both on the product marketing development side as well as the channel side. So, those are the direct engaged customers in our partner business then we have another set of channels that go and combine with other provider of other solutions to provide a full package. So, here like for example, the partnership with TELUS in Canada to bring cyber safety along with the TELUS solutions to Canadians has a very strong momentum. And you'll see us continue to expand. Travis Witteveen, who was the CEO of Avira, ton of experience in the environment, has become our customer acquisition chief, if you want, a few quarters ago and he's developing his team. And along with his team, they're definitely building up the funnel of new opportunities. So, you'll see us continue to invest in that. I do want to say a few words on the direct business. The direct business you mentioned the sequential slight decline and you're right on that. The metrics are very healthy. Retention rates have been very strong across all cohorts. We said a year ago, we would improve the first year retention rate and we have by a few points. Over the last 24 months, we've increased overall retention by a little more than 70 basis points. And so you see continued operational initiatives, whether it's on how the product is being downloaded, how it's being used, how the value is demonstrated to the customers, that improve customer satisfaction and then overall retention. So focus on that healthy set of customers. The gap or disappointment, if you want for the quarter, is really related to the macro level headwinds that we saw with lower traffic or global traffic on that cyber safety website, if you want. Conversion rates still holding well, but it's about the traffic. It was volatile. There were pockets of weaknesses, other pocket of areas where we continue to invest, because we're here for the long-term. And as we navigate through the volatile environment, we know we provide a product that will be needed in an area that has structural growth.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Well, thanks for your question. I would be very disappointed not to have a question on Avast. I think this is a very, very exciting news. Talked to Andre yesterday. I know the Avast team is also super excited about coming together. And we know we are about to create the foundation of an even stronger company with a very broad mission of that digital freedom for digital lives. We discussed that a few quarters ago, but when we made the acquisition model or the transaction model we based the merit of this transaction on cost synergies overlapping activities to the tune of $280 million that I've talked about. And we wanted to have the value of that transaction to be based on that. We also said we would reinvest a portion to accelerate the top-line growth or transform the profile of our revenue. We did not include in our acquisition model revenue synergies for many reasons, but certainly not the reason that it will be our priority number one as soon as we close. We see the opportunity. And I see three buckets of opportunities if you want conceptually without giving any numbers. The first one is on the retention side. NortonLifeLock has developed a set of capabilities and operations and experience that drive high NPS and retain at 85% in unit. That equivalent number is 68% in Avast at least in the last reported numbers. And we know that we can bring a lot of the practices and the approaches as we bring a stronger portfolio to the consumers to improve that retention rate. There may be some mix differences by geography or product mix. But even when we compare during due diligence number we know we have opportunities there. So that's bucket number one. The second one is the cross-sell upsell capabilities. We've just introduced those capabilities in NortonLifeLock about 1.5 years ago. And we know Avast has been developing the entire business model on that, offering a basic product for free. And then delivering, showing demonstrating more value to the consumers to a point where the customer is ready to pay for that value and then growing that value offered to the consumers. We look forward for Avast to bring those operational skill sets if you want into our overall combined company, while we bolster a richer portfolio. So Identity, a Lifelock equivalent services that we started to expand internationally will be offered to Avast customers as an example. And Avast has had a focus more on privacy. When you combine the two, it will be a very rich portfolio to cross-sell and deliver more value to consumer. That's the second set of revenue synergies. And then the third one is across the complementarity of the geographical footprint whether it's US versus international from our standpoint, for their standpoint Europe versus the rest of the world. But even then they were more about emerging markets we're more about Western markets. And so I see a lot of complementarity as we bring a richer company together. Locally, we can accelerate our penetration including in the VSB or very small and small business area where Avast has already a small channel. And as you know we were not present yet some of those businesses have exactly the behavior of consumer. So the third bucket is around geographical footprint and expanding the channel as we come together. As soon as we close the acquisition, I can tell you -- we'll be -- the first task that we'll get started on that. And then as soon as we're ready and the deal is closed, we'll share more with investors what our long-term plan is in this area.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. And when we talk about security we really talk about for us cyber safety, which is not only your device security but it's also the protection of your digital identities all the way to the restoration and insurance you could have when something is breached from your device or from any transaction that can be processed into the cloud. We know that cybercriminals continue to increase. I was reading a report earlier on that it was like up 7% in the first half just in Europe. And so we'll continue to see pressure from that. We know consumer penetration in terms of full protection is not yet at the level of other protection industries such as insurance industries or others. And so we have more room. We feel really good about the long-term structural growth opportunity that our markets offer and that together with Avast we will address and continue to expand. Now it does not mean, of course, that in the short-term, you still have volatility, you have inflationary pressures, you have consumer sentiment and people will look at some of those costs and may see this as a discretionary spend. So we definitely have pressure. We saw it in our global traffic this quarter. But at the same time we have a lot of levers to drive and deliver the value. 85% of the business is coming from the renewal base and one the consumer is in we've seen very stable retention rates through the last quarter. But frankly also as I studied the business when I came in two years ago, it was similar behavior in 2008 or 2009. So you see a lot of resilience into people who already know they need security on or in the digital world even though volatility may put pressure on new customer acquisition in the short-term.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Thank you. Well, the good news once a customer is in and has a basic protection is that we can also make them aware of the moment of truth that we call insight, which is a moment at which you connect to the Internet when you are at a coffee shop or a moment you transfer data on the web and ensuring and monitor that you fully protect it. At which point in time, we can then raise the value to you of being fully protected versus partially protected. And so constant assessment and finding the right moment give us the opportunity to continue to cross-sell. We still have the vast majority of our customer and customer base to be in the first part of the lower value part of our total value curve if you want from basic device security all the way to like full protection. So we still have a lot of room to continue to educate and drive and demonstrate the value as the consumers move up the value chain. 
Vincent Pilette: Yes. Yes. So we'll talk about cross-sell, upsell revenue synergies when the deal is closed. But conceptually it's all about completing the value of all of the use case you protect the consumer for and refining how you communicate in the app or on the platform all of the risk the consumer face is an important one. It's a fine balance too. You want to do it respectfully and demonstrating the value at the same time. We know that the entire identity protection or theft protection restorations and insurance is something Avast does not have and we can really offer, as we combine that with security. Avast started to move from security to privacy. They have BreachGuard other views. And so combining the product portfolio working on the integrated platform they have Avast One we have Norton 360, we'll have to figure that out. And then leaving product value that customer can step in once they have basic -- as I mentioned, most of our customers are in the basic platform have basic benefit to see how they move to the next one. The practices are about the same. At the end of the day as the product portfolio become richer it's all about the ease of use, ease of downloading how you use that. And we've made a lot of effort on our product to do that and expect us to continue as we come together. 
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Matt. Before I close the call, I would like to take a moment to thank our NortonLifeLock team for contributing to our success each and every day. As you've heard me say before, we truly have an ambitious team dedicated to the mission of the business we're building. I would also like to say a few words on the upcoming changes on our Board of Directors. On behalf of the Board and the leadership team, I want to thank Ken Hao for his contributions to the company over the last six years, helping NortonLifeLock through the successful transition to a stand-alone consumer cyber safety company, and unlocking tremendous shareholder value. Ken has been a great board member and also a trusted partner to me as the first time CEO. We wish him well and I'm sure, we will stay in touch. We have been waiting for 12 months for the approval of our deal with Avast, and we are so ready to dive in. I talked to Andre yesterday, as I mentioned, and I know that the Avast team feels exactly the same way. The company is well positioned to deliver long-term value in pursuit of our vision. So, thank you for joining and for your continued support of our company and our team.
