Greg Clark: Thanks. Saket, thanks for the question. I think as we have reported and we saw in FY 2018 seasonally the two big quarters for Symantec are the third quarter and the fourth quarter and we're just entering our fourth quarter. So well we do usually have a strong book of business in the back half of the year. And as you can see from our guidance, we're planning on delivering another substantial quarter, fourth quarter. So our pipeline is good. We do also believe that we have the sales capacity in place even though we had a difficult first half. We feel like the sales capacity we have rolling into our fourth quarter is sufficient. In terms of demand, demand cyber defense continues to be a board level and C-level topic across the globe. And I think there is plenty of opportunity for us to be able to, as I said in the prepared remarks, have the long-term deliver some good results for the business, so fourth quarter sales capacity good pipeline where it needs to be.
Greg Clark: Yes, so I think we definitely stand behind our comments that we've made in prior conference calls about the shift to cloud. And we do believe that that's going to continue. And so we think that the size of the business is quite large and small movements in mix for certain things is definitely not future based. But we stand behind our prior statements about how we think about that going forward. It is nice to see some of our large installed base of appliances being procured, broad based, which across the globe because that’s still there and there’s still a capacity need that happens in there. But we definitely think that going forward our comments on mix are still solid.
Greg Clark: So we are still seeing a very strong element of the form factors in the cloud based WSS or Cloud Access Brokers are a big piece what happens. And we do get appliance refreshes also because capacity needs increase there and things wear out. And as you can see in this quarter, we definitely saw some of that. I can say it wasn't one big deal. It's kind of across the geographies and broad based, but again it's a big business and $30 million of mix is not a substantial swing or either way. I wouldn't read too much into it. We do believe that the cloud transformation is ongoing, and we think that as we look at the future that's where our work is and we look forward to talking about that when we guide 2020.
Greg Clark: I think what's benefiting us at the procurement table is the fact that we are bringing a bunch more products to the table, which allows us to have more flexibility on pricing. So depending upon the competitive mix, it gives us a lot of different choices, but I definitely think over time people will value the fact that they don't have to integrate the pieces and they get them from us, which should allow us to command a little bit more price and perhaps a more commoditized element of the bill of materials. So we think that we have aspirations for that to be a supporter of ASP as we go forward, because we believe over time people will value that integration and pay for it.
Greg Clark: So, I think, yes, we announced last quarter, I can’t remember exactly what the date was – a restructuring in our enterprise to separate the product from selling and Art Gilliland coming on board to look after our product pieces, and Mark Andrews, he already taken control over the worldwide sales organization. I think, this is definitely helping us as we go forward. We have very focused and concentrated energy on the product side and also on the field side. So I think that transformation is going well for us. And I think as we sit here reporting on that period, I think, we had a good outcome. And so we feel like that organizational change is going well.
Greg Clark: No, I think Nick’s prepared remarks covered, I’d say the tenants of our capital allocation, which concluded I think some supporting statements about maintaining some capacity for M&A.
Greg Clark: Yes, so to take your question on appliances first, so we don’t have any single large deals with either appliance related in these results. This is more broad based cross geography. And I think it does speak to the fact that there is some capacity growth. We are in a hybrid world. There are still on-premise networks and things like that around our capacity needs growing there. And we still stand behind our transition to cloud statements. We’re seeing a very good situation where incremental capacity, roaming user capacity is being purchased through our cloud proxies and through our Cloud Access Brokers, which only come in a pure cloud form factor. There isn’t any on-premise co-related things like our Cloud Access brokers in these things. So more broad-based, I think, it is that – we are in a hybrid situation in the world where there is still a substantial clip of information and computing done on-premise, and we do see some appliances there. We are not seeing that across the Board. I think we look forward to talking to you more about that as we dig into the 2020 guidance, but I think it’s a good guy for our appliance business. Definitely not a sea change for how we think things are going to go on cloud.
Greg Clark: So we don’t break out in our numbers – specific numbers on the geographies, but I can give you some longer-term views and what we’ve seen over the last little while. We have a very substantial amount of our business from overseas and we’ve seen some very strong examples, couple of them, we used in our prepared remarks, the home appliance, vendor and the hospital in Northern Europe. We are still seeing strong demand. I do believe that cyber defense is a non-negotiable across the board rooms of the larger organizations globally, including every major geography of Western Europe, especially after what happened to a couple of companies over there in the 2018 calendar year and 2017 calendar year around some of the malware worms that took out shipping companies and things like that. So, there is definitely a heightened sense of need for cyber defense there, and also the privacy movement is alive and well there, and data privacy and corporations is a big care about. So, we are happy with our outlook in Europe, but we are cautiously watching it, because we’re reading the same headlines and listening to everything else that are generating the comments. And we had a statement on that in our prepared remarks. but right now, for Q4, we’re in good shape in Europe and what we think, as we get to 2020, we’ll have some more – some more thoughts for you.
Greg Clark: So, John, I think if you – yes, so good question and I understand that there's a lot of – I would say I want to understand this better in the analyst community and I would just say that we just closed out Q3, we had a 3% organic revenue growth in the Enterprise and we also grew the contract liabilities at the same time.  So the revenue growth is now coming at the expense of the build in the forward contract liabilities' database – sorry, a backlog, it's our view. Roll that forward, I think you'll get to the numbers we're at. And then I think the other thing to keep in mind is if you look at the discussion we're having, go back over the customer examples that we've rolled out on many calls over the last few quarters and have a look at the product examples that we're giving in that.  There is a lot, lot more for sales here than hardware proxies in our Integrated Cyber Defense story. And then every solution that we talk about, we are talking about a number of products that are in there as adjacencies that are being sold. And I think that as you then close those deals, the beautiful thing about that is that they renew. When their service delivered, they renew and I think that's better for us. It's better from a cost of sales point of view and it's better from a stickiness point of view.  I think as we move through what was FY18 and we had a big back half in FY18, did some great billings numbers in 18-month duration. We're doing it again in the back half of 2019, and we plan to do it again in next year. But you will find that, that renewal base gets very strong and that deferred revenue build, as Nick mentioned before, the stacking of that is quite good and we believe that our longer-term outlook being mid-single for the Company is achievable. We are in a transition as we mentioned before, and we're going to be coming out of the other side of that as we look forward, and we think that's where we build that guidance from. And I appreciate the question. And please pay attention to the size of the portfolio that's behind Integrated Cyber Defense and anchoring that growth on purely proxies and hardware proxies is not the case. And we're a big leader in Cloud Access Brokers. Those things have never seen a customer's data center they all run in the cloud as a bunch of products like that are pure cloud here at Symantec, and they're driving a bunch of great adjacencies and growth for us. So I appreciate the question. I think we have done a lot of work behind that answer and that's why we talk about it.
Nick Noviello: Yeah, Saket, it’s Nick. You can actually see it in our – some of our supplemental materials and the performance obligations information just to see the – just to compare between the upfront revenue and enterprise this quarter versus even last quarter. And that difference really rolls through straight through the results from Q3. Ultimately though, as you know, this is about building those contract liabilities over time and what that does in terms of future revenue and in addition what that means in terms of future installed base to go after and renew, et cetera. So, we're showing you the implications or the impact to the end quarter, but the overall momentum in the business and the overall shift to cloud in the business is very focused is ongoing. And ultimately, those things show up in our contract liabilities and what that revenue growth opportunity looks like over time.
Nick Noviello: Certainly, the amount over the top in the $30 million plus range was due to that Enterprise mix and you can see that on the revenue line and the operating margins and straight down to the bottom line.
Nick Noviello: Sure. Thanks for the question, Gabriela. And, I think, if you look back over the last couple of years, we've talked about cost opportunities and integration opportunities and taking costs out of the business which we've very successfully done over time. So as we have moved through this fiscal year and as we pivot to 2020 and as we pivot to our operating plans in 2020, those cost actions and those opportunities are going to be in or reflected in the numbers that we give you. So the pace of those things can always change one way or the other. The amount of severance, if you will, in one quarter versus another or transition costs one quarter versus another can move around, but we are on track to our commitments and what we intend to do. I think – from the original comments of mostly done inside this fiscal year, that may move a little bit into 2020 and have a little bit of cash implication and if FY 2020, but if you kind of look back at the prepared remarks from earlier, we have a substantial takedown of cash costs in general in restructuring, transition, transformation type costs as we go from 2019 to 2020.
Nick Noviello: Sure. Yes. So, thanks for the question, Fatima. And I think, first of all let me talk about consumer in the overall in the year. And you heard about our view of 3% organic growth for consumer. We are basically on the plan and we feel very good about what’s going on in the consumer segment. You can see that in our kind of discussions on subscribers, on ARPU, et cetera. So we feel quite good about that. There’s always going be a movement a bit, quarter-to-quarter. We’re coming off a compare on the Equifax side. And we’ve built all of that into our results here, but our organic initiatives, the cross-sell and the retention work that’s gone on in consumer, we feel very, very good about and those operational teams deserve praise for the amount of work they’ve done.
Nick Noviello: It’s a good question, Brad. So let me kind of walk you through it. And I think the first part that’s really important here is understanding. This is made up of multiple components. First component is the roll-off of existing contract liabilities, and you’ve seen and we’ve disclosed in our supplemental materials, how those contract liabilities are growing and certainly how they grew in the third quarter, very similar to some of the heavy growth we had in last year. And as Greg’s comments on duration and you see it in our recognition charts on when this is all coming in, this is tight inside periods of time and consistent in terms of the roll-off of contract liabilities. So we feel good about that. So you have to take number one that. Number two, what’s our expectations for the fourth quarter and Greg talked about it and I gave you the specific numbers on that. There is an in-period recognition to that, and then there is a radical amount and there is a recognition in further periods. And we look at that go-forward recognition, probably not that different from prior recognition. And then the final element is our billings growth expectation and our mix expectation for FY 2020. So we’ll talk more about that on our next call, but it’s those elements and the stacking element on the contract liability side that has amortization to it that underpins and gives us strong evidence to how we think this business will grow. Remember this all started back at the beginning of FY 2018 with a business and a set of products and a sales force that came together under a new way of how we were going to sell. So when you see that, that machine that really got built over a year ago, has been adding to these contract liability balances that will yield benefit for us next year.
Nick Noviello: Hey, Karl. Let me just give you a couple of comments on the cash flow side [indiscernible] (47:08) and certainly the over edge on enterprise sort of rolls through, but I think the other thing that’s important to understand is that, we have indicated that our restructuring transformation or transition in other costs will be coming down over time, and that’s obviously a benefit to cash flow. If you look at those costs on just P&L basis for this quarter versus a year-ago quarter, they’re lower. Obviously, there’s a translation to cash that needs to occur, but we also – when we look at cash and cash flow opportunities go forward into fiscal year 2020, we benefit obviously from net income growth and some of the numbers we’ve talked about there in the high level guidance, we’ve given an outlook for 2020 there. But in addition, I think you need to look at that restructuring transition and other costs line. And year-to-date, this year that’s $205 million in expense and that’s an area that as we bring these projects to close, that’s a benefit to cash flow.
