Natalie Derse: Yes, thanks for the question. So as it pertains to annualizing into that increased marketing spend and the customer growth that we've seen now for a few quarters now, we’re seeing the early indicators look very positive, very consistent. When I look at and step back as to let's talk about five quarters ago when we made the decision to increase the level of marketing spend, up from that $200 million annualized level to about $300 million annualized level, we are now spending roughly about $75 million quarter. As we ramped up that spend we not only spent more reaches to reallocate to more efficient channels, more spend in digital, more spend deployed international we've had expansion in affiliates and along the way less and less in TV and radio. We saw a lot of growth in our customer acquisition units in bookings and exchange for the spend, which you would expect, but now that we're fully anniversaried into that spend level, now it's time to as you're saying really look at the customer cohorts and the behavior attributes and how they differ from what we historically have been used to on an ongoing basis. We obviously will spend a lot of time doing that. But what I would say here on the call today would be as we move forward, we will continue to fund and invest for growth with the expectation that we will expand even further internationally and have our dollars work even harder for us. We will focus on acquiring attracting new customers to our products and solutions that we have in those markets, and along the way, we definitely will have mile markers to assess the cohorts of the customers that we got, how much it costs to acquire those and how we can navigate those new customers through our experience in the funnel.
Natalie Derse: Yes, thanks for the question. So from a seasonality perspective, I think if I look back historically, there are some ups and downs as it pertains to a little bit in as we head into the holiday season, especially with the electronics gifting and then folks wanting to make sure that they're protected. Of course, from an annual tax perspective, we usually see a bump when the income tax are due but honestly as we look back and some of the breaches that we've had and now with COVID largely speaking, the seasonality has been kind of muted out in combination with the fact of with the ratable business model that we've got for a revenue guide perspective, I would say it's very muted from a seasonality perspective.
Natalie Derse: It is a huge opportunity and I would extend what Vincent said into the marketing. We just started in over the last few quarters to really deploy more of our marketing funds on an international basis, and even when you look at our business with 70/30 U.S. international split, it is just right for opportunity and then when you think about the under-penetrated space that we can enter into and from a marketing perspective as you diversify into those new markets and introduce your product and solution offering that value proposition to those new customers. We feel really, really bullish about what we can do by deploying our marketing there. Incrementality very, very clear. When we look at it from a marketing perspective and a payback perspective, the incrementality is just - is definitely a very strong indicator for us to continue to invest there.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, no it makes still a sense. I think there is one very positive news with McAfee making their numbers public in that everyone start to realize that protecting consumer as they move more and more of their lives into the digital world is actually a growing market. Up to now, I think there were still this conception that maybe we're coming from the new technology and a PC driven environment, I think the realization that we are very user-centric and that maybe so unique view that we have with LifeLock, but user centric. It is more and more of applications we can address and the market is a vast growing market. If you sum-up today in the industry, the consumers that pay for stand-alone cyber safety you get less than $100 million. Yet, we have 1 billion of people using the Internet to leave the digital lives and that's a growing market. So I think positioning this as a growing market was the right call, you've seen us changing the momentum as we are busy with the focus of transitioning out the Enterprise activities if you want. We’re now fully dedicated to that market invest for growth and we look forward to accelerate our growth in the long-term. Our goal is to - as I mentioned reach everyone.
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely, I think the opportunity again to address all of the challenges linked to the fact that our large move online, it's not just the number of devices, is not just the basic activities of shopping, it's not as I mentioned and as you recognize the whole set of education. It's about gaming, it's about socializing, all of those activities are moving on creating new opportunities for cyber criminals to take advantage of your data and your virtual assets. So that's a huge growing opportunity. We always had that as the investment thesis as you recall a year ago when we sold the enterprise business, which it is a huge opportunity to focus solely on the consumer aspect. We're building our capabilities, we're increasing the velocity of innovation, you've seen us launching new products at the more frequent rate, some are good learnings, although we doubled on investments, and we continue to tweak our portfolio to address those opportunities. I think in the long run, we feel really, really confident, we move from frankly a division that was focused on maximizing cash to now focusing on growth. We returned to mid-single digit growth. Let's build a sustainable machine if you want to then be able to really provide again - I'll repeat it cyber safety to everyone rights, billion of people connected to the Internet. On the 100 million people paying for standalone cyber safety.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And it's sort of combined. And I would also say the introduction of Norton 360 the first integrated platform making cyber safety as kind of one umbrella protection a reality. Look, if you step back a year ago, we said we're going to grow mid-single-digit, and is going to be a balanced approach, is going to come from new subscribers, improve retention and then the cross-sell and up-sell opportunities and you've seen a very balanced results if you want, turning positive new customer - more new customer coming then those leaving improved retention rate now on the unit basis reaching 85% and then ARPU that continue to be solid and growing. I think achieving that structurally mid-single-digit growth rate in our mind was always a balanced view. Last quarter, we definitely had a boost from COVID-19, but the underlying structural change in everybody's life moving more and more of activities online is a reality that fear too last, and as you know, cyber criminals adapt fast and we'll find new opportunities to steal your assets, steak your data, and I think people need to realize they need to be protected when they’re online.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And I’ll take that one and as I also mentioned to you guys the first year price is a promotional price and the second year renewal price get to the full value. And so normally when you grow your customer count you definitely also have headwind on that first year ARPU. Despite that growth, we're able to maintain very good ARPU overall and that's a testimony of the team, we've seen a broad-based growth this quarter across the more security angle of our membership, but also across identity, which as is coming at a strong ARPU. We've been very disciplined on almost every metric, driving solid retention, not marketing with promotion, we’re marketing with the message and the value we deliver to consumers and so and so that's the result you've seen very solid retention and ARPU despite the fact that we're growing overall. Now with that said, I do want to say that the focus for us is really to build innovative product. We are not looking at a single price for the product in relationship to the ARPU. We looked at how much value we can add to the customers basket to build that overall cyber safety umbrella.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, maybe, but again, I'll start with the last part of your question, which is retention in ARPU outputs metrics as you know. We are focusing on the input. How do we bring that cyber protection to consumers, which should be incremental value, whether it's a lower per unit or not it's incremental value. So that's our focus. When you look at the overall umbrella today of cyber safety, it includes the basic securities. But it also includes you privacy angle. It includes you identity protection, and restoration, it include how you connect with your family and protect that family. So we are around 4 pillars, and we're looking at almost at all 3 levers. How do we add value across the pillars we have. How do we look at different business model to go and deliver two doors consumers, and how do we make sure that we reach and retain locally while do we have a global business model and really important to drive our message on the local level. And so I think that's the angle we view. We view this incremental growth opportunity international as an overall way to reach every consumer to provide the cyber safety.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Paul. We are now one year into the journey as NortonLifeLock, and I can't tell you how excited our team is about the future. We sit in the middle of an ongoing and accelerating digital transformation of our daily lines. And as a team, as a company, we believe we are perfectly positioned to not only make all those every day online activity safer, but to also deliver control a few data, your identity, and your assets back to you as a consumer. Relentlessly we will pursue that mission. So, thanks for joining our call today. Thank you for your support and we look forward to connecting very soon.
