Gregory S. Clark: Yes, I think that's a good question, Andrew. There is a substantial number of differences. One is that the threat telemetry that is sitting behind the Symantec threat platform is gargantuan. It comes from well over 100 million endpoints that are in production across the consumer threat telemetry as well in the enterprise, in addition to 15,000 Internet egresses coming in from the Blue Coat network points. That gives us telemetry and some of the examples that I mentioned earlier in the call. It gives us telemetry into things that we believe we are unique in our ability to detect cyber problems from that. In addition to that, I'd like to point out that for cloud generation, you can get the Symantec threat platform and a pure cloud instantiation, which means if you are a company that is using a bunch of cloud applications that are out there, whether it be Salesforce.com, SuccessFactors, all the things we know, that you can instantiate the cyber defense for the users that are using that, the data that's in it and get that without even purchasing an appliance or running a wire. And that's really differentiated between what you could get from the vendors that you mentioned. And so we really also have spent a ton of time in making sure that we keep the platform open. Our customers do rely on best-of-breed products and being able to integrate those into the Symantec integrated cyber defense platform is a huge competitive advantage. And so that's something we're committed to with our ISV partners as well.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, that's a good question. Our CASB has a piece of it called Content IQ, which goes out into the cloud properties that an organization is using in shadow IT, and using machine learning techniques, can actually detect the data that is inside of the cloud applications that may have compliance problems. We then use the data protection technology from the Symantec side to go after those problems and cure them so that that data can be allowed to still be in the cloud but be protected in a way where you don't have risk of compliance problems or other data loss. In addition to that, we have integrated the CASB technology with the product called VIP, which allows us to add a second factor of authentication to the cloud properties. And what that means is if you are logging into Salesforce.com and you're worried about making sure that it's Greg logging into Salesforce.com, I have a second factor application on my phone or a fob that I use and plugged into my computer, and then it adds that factor of authentication to all of those cloud applications without the organization's IT having to do anything. This is extremely powerful as a lot of the password and key loggers breaches that happen across these technologies is solved by that problem. So we've integrated those two things. And I'd just like to point out that that and the threat telemetry integration that we've been talking about, we closed the acquisition on August 1, and our engineering teams are working together extremely well. We've got some rapid delivery there and real proof points in the market.
Gregory S. Clark: So that's a very good question. So we've been working very hard on SEP 14. It's a real major advancement for us over here at Symantec. We have tested it with over 400 beta customers that are using it already. And we announced a GA for it this week. It contains the advanced machine learning and behavioral analysis technology that you hear about from what the market calls nex-gen endpoint or signature list endpoint technology. So we have definitely delivered all of the defenses that work on zero-day attacks and signature list things, the machine learning behavioral analysis, reputational detection technology. So we believe that we have now leapfrogged the current advanced endpoint competition. And one of the major advantages of ours is ours has a very low false positive rate in the space and think of it as converged endpoint that includes all of the stuff that you need from traditional endpoints with the next-generation capabilities. And we really have dramatically reduced the footprint size, bandwidth usage, and we're very optimistic. Feedback on the initial use of SEP 14 is extremely positive. So we think that this will definitely have a major impact in the market.
Gregory S. Clark: So that's a very good question. So it is a mix of all of the above. We actually have performed extremely well in our consumer sector. We have finished the transition to a subscription and auto renewal framework in the Norton business. This has definitely helped with the traction. In addition to that, we have a very strong set of results coming in from some of the new offerings. In the last 30 days, we brought out our Wi-Fi protection for mobile users. That has seen a substantial uptake and great feedback from that. In addition to that, our mobile platforms, as Thomas mentioned in his remarks, have been growing at strong double-digit period compares on units. We've seen the service provider market really start to produce some fantastic deployments of the mobile side of what we're doing. So those are a couple of proof points where we're executing well in the PC space. Again, we won the Editor's Choice for the most effective malware protection on the PC again, and the auto renewals is helping. The move to subscription is helping. So we feel good about maintaining our position in there. And then moving to markets that are off the PC, we have some exciting pure mobile endpoint growth and also we have some things that we'll be launching in the future that will continue to move us into addressable markets that are off the PC value proposition. So we feel good about our future prospects on the Consumer side and the value that we're bringing. As many of us are aware, there is plenty of malware on mobile and there is plenty of malware on Apple platforms, and so we feel good about the future of our Consumer business.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes, very good question, Matt. Thanks for asking it. We've brought together two of the broadest portfolios in security software and we're going to package our products in the manner in which our customers want to buy it. If you think about what we would do walking into a large enterprise, we would offer with the combination of products, different bundles and different packagings of our products. When we do that, this could result in less upfront revenue recognition and, therefore, we're being conservative in our guidance.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, so we've had great results with our mobile defense platforms in some of the markets that you mentioned. India is a particular standout. We also have, I would say, outstanding interest in our capabilities for most of the world's Tier 1 service providers. What we've seen I think this year with all of the wallets and easy to charge on peoples mobile platforms, we've seen malware showing up there in significant quantities. And I think Symantec is very focused on protecting our customers in this area. And service providers are definitely very interested in it. We will be addressing that route to market in a much more aggressive way in the coming quarters. Early results are very promising.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes, they're two very good questions. Sarah. So let me start off with the partner one, yeah, we are very focused on maintaining our strong relationship with the channel. I think myself and Mike Fey have great reputations as taking care of what is that very large, extended sales force we have around the world at the Tier 2 VAR and also in the excellent Tier 1 value added distributors that we use. Nothing is going to change there. And we had an excellent partner conference earlier this month where we recommitted to the channel. I think we have a good trusted relationship there and right now we're doing the same thing in APAC and also in EMEA this week. So we feel good about our relevance to the VARs and resellers out in the world, whether it be in the small/medium-size business, the mid-market, or in the enterprise. And we continue to be a substantial element of the economics in the channel. We are the largest pure play security vendor and the combination between Blue Coat and Symantec really does make this a very meaningful part of the channel economics. And I think without very strong middle-market story – we released a product in the last quarter which was called SEP Cloud. That is extremely powerful for that middle-market, SMB part of the world, and we feel good about that. And we think we continue to deliver market relevance to the part of the market where those VARs and resellers are essential, which we think will drive up interest in continuing to do business with them and more revenue for both them and us. Moving on to your next question, which was about the IoT situation. IoT is, as we saw a couple of Fridays ago when some of the DNS and the Internet stopped working and had significant knock on effects. It's a wake-up call for the power of when you bring a bunch of unmanned devices to the Internet and don't protect them properly, that creates a weapon that can be quite difficult. We are coming after that from two points. One, we do have some solid technology that will be coming out through our Norton brand to help protect that from the actual consumer electronic devices in the home. And we're also working hard to be able to bring some network protection to this world also and be able to use some of our behavioral analysis technologies to realize some these things are not doing what they're supposed to be doing. So this is an area that will be a long battle between the adversaries in the industry as people weaponize IoT and consumer electronics. We believe we are an essential technology in the fight against that, and it will take governments and consumer electronics manufacturers and security vendors to sort it out. I'd also like to point out in terms of securing IoT and being able to build secure infrastructure, we are a market leader in the tools that you need to do that, with our Managed PKI, our code signing technologies and what we do in that part of the fabric of the Symantec portfolio. So in terms of relevant vendors to come after this IoT problem, we are definitely one of them, and we think that will lead to tailwinds for us as that becomes more of essential and potentially even policy mandates from governments about it. So good question, big problem, and we're definitely working on it.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, so it's a really good question, John. And I think this is something that we work on a lot because we have a strategy that we believe can turn it around and return it to growth. And that strategy is really anchored in moving the value proposition that we have from PC malware to a larger super set of PC malware, which is really Internet safety. The consumer is really interested in safety while using the Internet, safety for the family, a piece of which is the malware on the endpoint. So we are going after all endpoints, whether it be Apple endpoints, mobile telephone devices, tablets and PCs. And we're also going after other value propositions that a consumer, when they're using the Internet, considers necessary. And we have some announcements coming out on that soon. I won't announce them on this call, but we are definitely working hard on real P times Q, based on real market data that can turn that business around and return it to growth. There are elements that are off the PC declines, which are kind of the natural forces happening in the industry. So everybody who wants to mark us down because Consumer's going to melt, we're working really hard to make sure that around so it doesn't melt. And we have very strong brand recognition in Norton. People trust us, and we think we can deliver substantial value to the consumer through that brand for things that are adjacencies to the PC malware decision. So, hang on.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, so a couple of examples. We already have released a pretty substantial Wi-Fi protection capability under the Norton brand. We did that while maintaining the margin contribution that we have in the business already. That was a not insignificant R&D investment. One of the things about Symantec is we have many thousands of engineers, so we can move 50 of them around to a problem like that without any issues. So we feel good about our ability to continue to deliver that at the margin, and we are reaffirming our margin commitments in the guidance that we're putting out for FY 2018 with those plans on board, okay. And our EPS range in 2018, that's with the engineering efforts and marketing efforts planned in Consumer.
Gregory S. Clark: So the opportunities on the top line, as we talked about on prior calls, we have not really cooked a whole bunch of revenue synergies, cross-sell and up-sell, into our thinking. Where they live is we do believe that in the network area where we're selling the gateway technologies that are highly adjacent to email and to DLP, we have a great opportunity for cross-selling the combined solutions there. Also, the power that you get when you hook up our networks with endpoint results in substantial enhanced cyber defense, and we do think that there are a bunch of cross-sell and up-sell opportunities. We mentioned on the prior remarks a couple of examples of DLP customers where we were strongly advantaged with the network technologies and endpoint technologies, that we're strongly advantaged from the network technologies. We feel good about what we can put together in terms of product bundles that the market's going to like, customers are going to like. And in outlying years, I think we'll be able to lead the market with the enterprise solution set for cyber defense. Margin-wise, I think at this point in time we are committed to taking out the $550 million of sustainable run rate expenses. We've given you guidance on the FY 2017 margin numbers. And at this point in time, it's too early for us to guide the top line for 2018.
Gregory S. Clark: So we've made a ton of progress there, Keith, and we've picked the leadership for those organizations across the world in the channel, in the mid-market, in the enterprise. And that is going extremely well. We have had our integrated sales force kick-off. We brought them all to Las Vegas and had a week's worth of getting everything lined up and planned out. And the regional teams are out now executing. We feel really good about where we're at on the integration of our go-to-market teams. Keith, I'd also like to point out that the initial results from Q1, if we were going to have problems, we'd be seeing them. And we feel really good about that integrated sales force and how we're coming out of the blocks on that.
Gregory S. Clark: At this point, Keith, I think we want to stay on the revenue reporting that we have and we give you the cash flow information and the balance sheet, and I think you'll be able to put it back together. We do feel that that's a good question for as we get into Q3 and Q4.
Thomas J. Seifert: But I think it's fair to say that all the additional cost take-out is primarily going to benefit the Enterprise business from a profitability perspective. So we are not at $100 million run rate improvement so far. We said we're going to be north of $200 million by the end of the fiscal year. Still there's plenty to be implemented until we get to $550 million, and the delta really primarily towards the Enterprise margin.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, I'm not even sure we want to be this granular. First of all, we are really pleased that our sales team was able to provide that in the short period of time we had to close. I think there for sure is a combination of both elements in that number. But overall I think what we said in the prepared remarks holds true. We are encouraged by the momentum that we see and by the momentum that the sales force brought into our first combined quarter from an execution perspective. But it's one data point and that's why we think it's still prudent to be very conservative in the outlook we provide.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, as you know, we've got a lot of moving parts, and that's why we wanted to stay away from giving that granular business guidance. We have to digest the integration. We still have some noise in our billings numbers from a Veritas separation perspective. From an overall billings performance, I think if you look for a proxy, look at our GAAP revenue and the change in deferred and that gives you an approximation of how billings have performed quarter-over-quarter for the combined company. If you do your math, it's going to be approximately 12%. But for the time being in the short term, we'd like to focus and less the attention on revenue, on margin and EPS.
