James Beer: Well, in terms of the Enterprise subscription growth rate, I talked about 30% up year-over-year. That is seeing the rolling off benefit of the VeriSign acquisition, so the SSL business is obviously a large portion of that total Enterprise subscription amount. So as the quarters go by, I would expect that to normalize more in-line with the true organic blended rate of the SSL business with the higher organic growth rates of the other of our subscription services businesses. So I would expect it to come down somewhat over time. In terms of the margin around the Storage Management side of the business, I would certainly expect the Backup performance to be improving in coming quarters. We talked in our remarks about something of a pause around Backup Exec prior to the release of that new offering. We also have a new version of NetBackup into the marketplace. And so as those license-oriented sales rise, I would expect margins to rise as well versus what we recorded in the March quarter.
James Beer: Well, the Enterprise bookings are, obviously, going to be very much back-end loaded right towards the last week or 2 of the quarter. And those Enterprise bookings drive the volatility that we saw -- the lower Enterprise revenue that we saw, driven by that mix shift away from traditional license to more subscription activity that we've been talking about. Now the consumer side of the business has obviously a very different profile in terms of the way the bookings build during the quarter. It's a much more linear approach throughout the quarter. So the consumer business came in close to where we would have expected it to be. The Enterprise business actually beat on the bookings, but those bookings translated through into fewer recognized revenue dollars in period.
James Beer: To emphasize the strength of the renewal rates, as you alluded to, John, in the way you framed the question, we have strong renewal rates in those businesses and I was pleased with the continued growth of the maintenance line within our P&L results.
James Beer: You see the -- certainly, the driver of the revenue result for the March quarter was that 26% decline in license revenue. Now both the backup and Storage Management businesses can be relatively license rich and we've talked in the past about how we saw fewer big deals in the March quarter than was the case a year ago. So it was very much the result of a lower volume of these bigger deals, driving fewer backup and Storage Management licenses that drove the revenue result. The renewal rate's continuing to build very nicely.
James Beer: Yes, I think, directionally, you'll continue to see cash flow growth growing in-line with our operating profit growth.
James Beer: Well, the emphasis of our spending is very much tilted, again, in the coming fiscal year towards the higher-growth opportunities that we're seeing in the market. And those are areas like appliances, areas like the Hosted Services, the other subscription types of services that we've been discussing, and those are coming with lower margins. We absolutely think that we can drive contribution, operating profit increases as a result of growing those businesses. But there'll be some impact on margins as we scale these higher growths today, smaller parts of our overall business. At the same time, as we look to continue to grow the core, that will tend to support operating margins. So it's a balance between continued growth of the core, which will translate through quickly to operating margin improvement versus growth of these lower-margin, higher-growth opportunity subscription and appliance opportunity areas.
James Beer: Well, we've been pleased by how the margins have expanded within Security and Compliance. Obviously, you've got products in that business unit like DLP and encryption. So those are more of the traditional type of license type sales and those, as we've discussed for several quarters now, have been coming along nicely. So they've tended to support margins in that business unit. You also see the impact of our authentication business, so the larger part of authentication is the server authentication at the sale business. And so the Security and Compliance business unit is continuing to benefit from the acquisition effects, and so that has been supporting margins in S&C as well. Now going in the other direction, you have much of our Hosted Services offerings within that business unit. We think that they'll continue to expand, and those come at a lower margin. So it'll, again, somewhat akin to my earlier answer, it will be a balance of those types of factors that will drive to the eventual margin result.
James Beer: Well, we're obviously pleased by the continuing growth of the top line. I mean, that's where it all starts and there, it's very much the new services backup, the live services, that have been continuing to grow nicely, and we've been pleased. We talked on one of our earlier answers about the strong renewal rates on the Enterprise side of the business. The renewal rates have been strong -- getting stronger on the Consumer side. So the top line has been helping out the margin and we've been obviously working the expense equation as well judiciously.
James Beer: Well, just in terms of the result for LiveOffice, remember that the accounting for this Hosted Service is fully ratable. So that recognized revenue will continue to build over the next several quarters, would be my expectation.
James Beer: Yes, Walt, as I was mentioning in an earlier answer, we very much look to reorient our spending towards the highest growth opportunities, and each fiscal year, we issue productivity targets to each of our business leaders. And so they have been taking moves that orient their spend in-line with where the best growth opportunities are and that's led through to the restructuring charge that you see that we recorded in Q4. So yes, this is very much an output of our stated strategy of moving our spend very materially to where the best opportunities are.
James Beer: Well, I don't have that particular breakout for you, but it's safe to say that our Storage and Server Management business unit drives a preponderance of the license activity in any one particular quarter. Because if you think about the other business units we have, the Services business, that's generally, fully ratable. The consumer business is almost fully ratable. And then the Security and Compliance group, that has some amount of license content in products like DLP and encryption. But the biggest business there is the Endpoint Security and Suites business, and that has taken, if not fully ratably, almost fully ratably. So the single most important driver by a long stretch is the Storage and Server Management group when it comes to the license in-period revenue result.
James Beer: Well, we don't have bookings and billings for you by business unit. So again, just going back to the, the sort of story of the quarter was around fewer of these larger deals, that particularly tends to be including backup and Storage Management. And so I think that gives you some sense -- while the volume of, for example, the million-plus deals that I referred to in my prepared remarks, were up several percent year-over-year, the dollars associated with those million-dollar-plus deals were down year-over-year, and that's very much driven by the typical big deal products, which tend to be NetBackup, the SAMG products, and to a lesser extent, Endpoint Security and so forth.
Enrique T. Salem: The metric we use is -- we look at total Enterprise bookings for the quarter, was the number that I'm referring to, Brad. And when you look at that blend, what you end up with is, we are looking at the combination of what gets -- what's in revenue, what's in deferred revenue. And as we book longer-term deals, so, for example, our cloud-based services, we look at the total contract value, a commitment over a 3-year period. So for example, we give credit for somebody who closes a 3-year .cloud deal; that's 3 years worth of credit. And so it's important to note that some of the bookings are not going to show up in revenue and deferred revenue. They're actually going to show up in years 2 and 3. That's also the case for MSS and a couple of our other businesses. So it's just the total activity, because what we're trying to do is get customers to commit to longer subscriptions with us, and that's been our practice over the years, Brad.
Enrique T. Salem: I would -- if you look at it by segment, I think you'll see our file system business continue to be at roughly the levels, with some of the continued weakness there. But when you look at Backup, specifically products like Backup Exec, our expectation is that they will start to pick up in the June quarter. With NetBackup, that will take a little bit longer as it's a larger Enterprise sale. But we do expect, for example, our appliances to continue to do very well. When you look at the Enterprise Security business, given the refresh of SEP 12 that we've done, continuing improvements in the Small Business segment, we also expect Enterprise Security to be strong in the June quarter. So that's how we'd look at it across the Storage business, the backup business and the Enterprise Security business.
Enrique T. Salem: On the first question, our expectations are that customers are going to continue to move to more cloud-delivered and subscription-based businesses. I mean, the 2 standout performers there have been -- for the fiscal year, have been our .cloud services and our Managed Security Service business, because people are absolutely saying, "We need help dealing with the changing threat landscape." And so my expectation is you're going to continue to see a shift to the subscription businesses. Now the rate of growth, as James was commenting earlier, I think is going to moderate. But my expectation is, as you blend a combination of these rates, that they will definitely continue to be a much faster growing than our traditional core business. So continuing shift with a good growth rate. I'm going to let James comment on Clearwell and LiveOffice. The one thing I would tell you is LiveOffice is definitely one where we are seeing good pipeline building for that business as customers continue in their shift to the cloud-based services that I just talked about. I'll let James comment on the combination of Clearwell/LiveOffice, our guidance.
Enrique T. Salem: That's actually something for us to contemplate a little bit further. Obviously, we -- you hit the 3 drivers, which are revenue, deferred and basically long-term deferred or off -- or what's off -- not on the balance sheet. We can think about it, Walter. I think it's a matter of trying to give you something that is consistent year in and year out. And one of the things that we struggle with is we have a bookings metric that gets refined each year based on a number of parameters, so I'll talk to our team about it and try to figure out if there's another metric for us to potentially share that'll give you that visibility that you're interested in. It's just something that I would want to be consistent. And what we like about things like revenue, deferred and potentially billings, is that those are going to be independent of aspects of managing the business. What we can absolutely do, though, is give you more specifics on things like what's the comp plan look like? We can talk a little bit about the changes, we can talk a little bit about the changes that we're continuing to make to incent the sales force to drive the results that we want. I think that's probably an area that we can spend a little bit of time during the Analyst Day that can give you a feel for the way we're driving the business.
Enrique T. Salem: I think that the most important thing is that we've got the largest installed base of backup software. So NetBackup is the market share leader in the Enterprise and large enterprise segments. And what we see is an opportunity to deliver the integrated appliance that has the media server, the backup software and the deduplication software, all integrated as one device. Previously, what we were doing was we were selling the backup software and our customers were using other people's media server and other people's data deduplication technology. So really, this is an opportunity to sell appliances that, I believe, are differentiated because no one else can integrate these 3 pieces the way we have in one device and deliver that into our installed base.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. No, no, no, just -- we need to be clear on a point here, though, Michael. It's not accounting, but it's -- you may remember -- you remember 1 year ago, we talked about our deals above $1 million, and I also gave you a number, which is in deals above $10 million. So we -- 1 year ago, March, we did a lot of very large site license deals and those site licenses drive greater in-period revenues. So it's a bit of the volume of large-site license deals. That's not an accounting issue. That's an activity issue of large deals that tend to be more revenue rich. So it's a total volume of large-site licenses, is the point that we're making.
Enrique T. Salem: When we -- if you look at the consumer business, it came in around our expectation, maybe slightly below where we had anticipated for the quarter. And what we definitely are seeing, as you know, in our business, especially when we talk about the OEM deals, a lot of the units that we're shipping are going into the emerging markets that have a lower attach rate. Now we are seeing a bit of a pickup in total PC unit shipments, but that has continued to go into emerging markets. And so the outlook on the consumer business, my expectation is, that business will continue to grow year-over-year, but, I think, at a slightly reduced rate as we continue to see this shift in where PCs are going. Now the opportunity for us is, as Janice and her team have shipped products like Norton One, which allow us to create a capability that goes across devices -- as that product goes into the market, my expectation is that we'll start to see a improvement in the bookings for the consumer business. And so my expectation is that, that business will definitely grow year-over-year, but probably lower than we've seen in the previous periods.
Enrique T. Salem: We consider the various options of how we return value to shareholders. Obviously, our biggest goal is to drive the stock price and we work diligently at that. With regards to share repurchase and a dividend, James commented that we had repurchased about $893 million in the fiscal year. And we continue to always be open-minded to what we would do on dividend, but we do, at this point, continue to prefer the share repurchase. One thing that's interesting about $893 million is that number is a little bit higher than our onshore cash generation for the full fiscal year. And so ultimately, we are continuing to be a consistent, and quite frankly, aggressive buyer of our stock through our share repurchase. And that's probably the thing that we will continue through the fiscal year.
Enrique T. Salem: It's a bit of a blend, but when you look at businesses like MSS, Trust Services, User Authentication, those are net new opportunities that are not replacing an on-premise capability where we were the previous seller. Quite frankly, I look at these subscription business as a net new opportunity for Symantec. While there is some overlap in our traditional mail and messaging Security products, where customers are looking at the .cloud capability versus the on-premise, when I look at a lot of new growth opportunities, MSS, Trust Services, even our ev.cloud, where customers do have on-premise capability, ev.cloud is tending to go into new customers, not into the existing base of people moving from on-premise Enterprise vault to a cloud-based Enterprise vault. And the reason is when have a big on-premise archive, people aren't rushing to try and move that to the cloud for a number of reasons. And so I do see that a lot of these new subscription businesses are absolutely net incremental and not going into cannibalizing the existing base.
Enrique T. Salem: We continue to look at the world in mature and emerging markets. Obviously, we've got emerging markets around the world. I think Brazil continues to perform well for us. Our emerging markets in Europe have continued to do well, obviously, emerging markets in Asia. I would tell you that the opportunity in Asia Pacific and Japan, I still believe to be probably in aggregate the fastest-growing. I do see the markets -- our emerging markets in parts of Europe will continue to grow. The German economy continues to be strong, and so I expect that to be the bright spot in Europe. Our performance in the U.K. was also very strong. That was a pleasant upside, but I do expect there to be a relatively more moderated growth in other parts of the more developed parts of the Americas.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, in a comp plan, there's no change that [indiscernible] to get the large deals. I think it's a matter of -- we definitely saw -- last March, we saw a number of quite a bit of pent-up demand and a number of very large-site licenses that came through. My expectation, though, is we are going to continue to see this mix shift, that I've been -- that James and I have been describing, to more subscription-oriented businesses. And I don't expect to see, as many real large site license deals going forward. Now, this is all built into what we've been sharing with you. And so as I look at the guidance we've given and the pipeline and the mix of products, given all the information we have, I'm very comfortable with the guidance and the mix of licenses subscription for the June quarter. All right. Well, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon and I look forward to speaking with you at our upcoming Financial Analyst Day on May 24. Thank you.
