Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. Very good question. Cash flow was down year-over-year in '14, primarily driven by the severance payments we had, and by a collection of billings shortfall because of the sales transformation we went through. Those were, we think, 2 onetime hits. And based on that, we would expect cash flow -- free cash flow to go up year-over-year in '15.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. Let me get started and then, Mike, take over. It's a very good question. So I think we planned -- we spent the first 40, 45 days of our time here really methodically looking and going through the company in terms of opportunities, especially deploying a plan for the fiscal year that takes into account the potential that we see in the company from an asset, from a scale, from an employee engagement perspective, but also looking really in an honest and objective way in the improvements that we think we can make. And while the targets are ambitious and they are completely in the realm of the possible -- I mean, we both have significant experience in looking at things from an efficiency perspective. And I think we applied good judgment in setting the right targets, but making sure that they are achievable.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. I think that's a very good question and a very important point to make. Let me try to differentiate where we increase investment to drive growth and where we look at efficiencies in order to get in a better cost position. And most of the efficiencies across topics we drive are outside of our R&D organization. And because of that, we feel confident that we can go after both dimensions pretty much in parallel.
Thomas J. Seifert: Well, first of all, the prepared remarks talked about the second half of the year, not the second quarter, and that's a fine but important distinction. It's driven by a couple of things. As we said before, new product launches is a part of it, but also the changes we have made to the channel and channel management. And some of the work streams that we have started to target specific areas where revenue will be impacted. For example, the licensing side. For example, our pricing initiatives. So we'll see improvement coming from this direction without even having to depend on new product launches only.
Thomas J. Seifert: So we are convinced that the steps that we are taking are right for the company from an operational perspective and very likely going to be accepted by a new CEO. This would be my comment.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. Let me make one more comment because I think you asked for a milestone. How do we judge progress? And getting back to positive growth, both on the billings as well as on the revenue side in the second half, I think, is an important milestone for us to reach. That shows that the productivity is getting in the right space. But without any doubt, what Mike said is true. We have more room for improvement, and this is what we will be focused on moving.
Michael A. Brown: Yes. If I can just add, I think the key for us was making sure that we get the investments targeted to the fastest-growing opportunities. So we took this time to assess not only product line by product line, but also the R&D investments to make sure that the product lines either meet a growth objective or a margin objective. And then for our future investments, those in R&D, we really aggressively shifted within the existing R&D budget to make sure we targeted those at the most promising opportunity. So a lot of opportunities that I talked about got more investment, and a lot that I didn't talk about got less or were eliminated. So I think that the combination of the things that we talked about give us confidence that the plan is very achievable.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. So we're really investing in 3 critical areas, and I'll talk briefly about each one, Backup, Storage Management and Security, probably no surprise that those would be the areas. In Backup, of course we continue to release new appliances. We want to build on that growth. As we said, we're the fastest-growing appliance company in the market, and we want to continue to build that because we've got the best integration between the software and the hardware. We have a new release of Backup Exec coming in July, and we've got a new release of Enterprise Vault coming. Moving to Storage Management, we've got our first offering of disaster recovery to the cloud, and that happens to be an offering for Microsoft. So that's called Disaster Recovery Orchestrator, and that's to the Microsoft Azure cloud. I'm also particularly excited about what we announced in Security. So there's 2 key offerings, one service and one product, and this really is taking advantage of the multiple technologies that we have to go after, signature, behavioral, heuristic technologies, so we have a multitiered protection against threats. With the service in particular, we're integrating with third parties. So third-party gateways. Check Point, Palo Alto Networks and SourceFire, which is now part of Cisco. So we're going to be able to use the information from their gateways and coordinate that with what we would get from the endpoints to provide customers with better protection. And there's 2 key technologies within that, or 2 key offerings. One is incident response. So we're going to help customers be able to respond better, not just protect them but also -- not just detect, but also protect and respond; and then managed adversary information. So one of the things that we've seen is the number of targeted attacks is way up. In fact, it's doubled from last year to this year. So we can actually help our customers understand who is driving the attacks for them, and that's very critical if you're, for example, a financial services company, who's targeting you. And then the solution coming later this year that we announced, our advanced threat protection solution really has the best correlation, we believe, out there between the content -- the telemetry content that is endpoint, mail, web and gateway. So the key to this is that a lot of products that are out there today deliver a lot of false positives, and that really doesn't help customers because you have the tremendous cost and time of responding to all those false positives. So the Synapse technology really is able to deliver a verdict of you really have a security incident you need to respond to or you don't. So we're pretty excited about those offerings.
Michael A. Brown: I'd say, to boil it down, it's probably 2 key things. The first is we need to make more choices. There's a lot of opportunity at Symantec, so we don't see that any differently than Steve did. But we need to be smarter about the choices we make of where to invest, and this process that Thomas and I talked about, in terms of systematically looking at each product family, is telling us not only where to invest but where not to invest. And in fact, we're going to be pruning some of the product lines. I talked about some product families that don't meet our growth or margin objectives, and I also talked about products that we canceled. So we can't detail those for you here, but there's significant change within where we're investing in. And then the second is probably a more macro point, which is really focusing the growth on Enterprise. So as we talked about before, the Norton consumer business is a fantastic business for Symantec. And in fact, it shares a lot of the technology, of course, for endpoints, the same basic technology secures consumer endpoints to the Norton brand as it does the enterprise to the SEP products. And the key realization for us is, it probably doesn't make sense to invest in what we had been doing within Norton. I'll give you an example. We had made a number of investments in what I'll call, "non-core" to the Norton business, extending into services and other what we thought could be brand extensions, where we've not been successful. So it's time to realize that and make sure that the business is focused where it can be successful, which is providing the best premium consumer endpoint security. There's other examples within Norton of what we can do to create more efficiency, which has to do with the channel strategy, really focusing on the e-commerce or direct-to-consumer channel and not going after as heavily retail or OEM. So I guess the key difference is where we choose to invest, and we're clearly saying here, great business in the consumer Norton brand. But the growth for Symantec in the future is going to come from the Enterprise businesses.
Michael A. Brown: Well, there's no company-wide reorganization, company-wide employment implications from this. But as you might expect, as you change investments, particularly if you're canceling a product line here and there, that could have some employment implications. But not on the scale of something that would be cross-company.
Michael A. Brown: Okay, let's start with the CEO search. I think we're making some good progress on that. As we announced, we've hired Russell Reynolds as our search firm on that, and the search committee of the board has been formed and is already meeting to work on the progress there. The qualification of being a public company CEO, clearly we'd like that as part of our ideal list, but we're going to look broader than that to find the best possible candidate. So that's one of the criteria that we will look at. But as you could see, the list is broader than that. And then your question about what other options the board would be considering, the board periodically evaluates what changes in configuration might make sense for the business to create more value. And I would expect that as we go through this period, no different. We'll continue to be open minded about what we need to be looking at there.
Michael A. Brown: Brad, if I could just add, your question said that -- well, new product roadmaps are in flux. Actually, I think we've achieved more clarity around what products we really want to be investing in and what we don't. So I wouldn't expect that to impact the rate of progress as we deliver new products. In fact, my expectation is it should accelerate getting the products out. We're much more focused on which ones are the most important.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, Thomas. That's exactly right. I mean, the things that we're doing, we think, makes sense to anyone coming in as CEO. The board is going to be flexible and collaborative to work with the new CEO and what they would like to see, but we see these as really foundational elements that would help us accelerate growth and continue our progress on margin. Any CEO is going to be interested in those things.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. I think the changes we made last year were the right ones, laid the right foundations. So just to review, I think splitting the sales force into new business and renewal teams, we're very happy with that. And while it was a difficult move to make, we feel like that one is behind us. We also think the specialization, those folks calling on -- within IT, specialized on Security or specializing on Information Management is also the right call, given the breadth of the product portfolio that we have. And then the channel program changes, very important to make sure that we're a lot more focused on the channel partners that are delivering the biggest part of revenue to Symantec. So the channel program, rather than a one-size-fits-all, is really tailored for those channel partners who become certified and expert in products. And obviously, they benefit from that in terms of their economics, even though we still will be very broadly distributed by folks who don't what to go through certification like that. So I'd say all those changes are ones that we believe are the right moves, and we're glad that those are behind us at this point. As you mentioned, the billings trend, while not positive yet, is certainly a proof point that we're starting to get some traction. And I think that in -- what's in front of us this year will be much more minor changes. We'll expect that we're going to still invest in sales force productivity, which basically means tools and optimizing the performance of the sales organization. So there's still some of that work to do, but very minor compared to what we went through this past fiscal year.
Michael A. Brown: Well, it's interesting because I spent some time earlier this week at our user conference. And I think one of the things that you hear from our customers is, "You're a complex organization to do business with in terms of the number of products you have. It's difficult to understand everything that Symantec offers." And I think we need to simplify that, both for our field and, as we talked about, what we're doing in our products organization. So I think these changes are going to be welcome. We're taking in mind of course, when we do any pruning, what products are those that are extremely widely used and which ones have we been offering for some time that frankly are not that widely used and don't meet a margin or growth goal. So I don't view that customers will see this as a reset but a bit of simplification of what we're doing. And I think most of them will feel that that's a very positive step for us.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think one of the issues with this segment is that there's very different product lines that are within the segment. So if you start with the Norton business as an example, which is categorized in this segment, you've got something that's very profitable. But obviously, the headwind there is PC unit shipments. And I wouldn't expect that, even though we've got some initiatives underway, to be able to streamline what we're doing there, improve our renewal rate as an example, simplify the number of solutions we offer through Norton from 7 down to 2 as an example. We're still going to face those headwinds, so I'm not expecting that to change. On the other hand, we've got some businesses that are growing quite nicely there. Our Endpoint business, or security for endpoint in the enterprise, is growing nicely. That was growing at single digits during the fourth quarter and has very good prospects going forward. And then Mobile is also within that segment, and it was the fastest-growing business we had, at 76% year-over-year growth. And we're -- that's one of the areas where we continue to invest and add functionality in the whole mobile workforce productivity suite that we offer. So very different businesses all in that -- or families all in that segment.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, I think -- there's a number of factors, and you're hitting on them. I mean, one is, as we come up on the one year since we reorganized the sales force and the traction that we talked about earlier, that's going to be important. The channel program, getting that launched and rolled out is important. A number of the efficiency initiatives that we talked about are really about the top line. It's improving renewals rates, sales productivity and pricing. So we believe there's an opportunity through those to get revenue moving in the right direction without regards to the new products. But then we add to that, as I talked about before and won't repeat here, a pretty strong product pipeline also coming. So I think the combination of all those is what gives us confidence that we can both improve the margins, as we talked about, and get the company growing again.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. Yes. So I think one of our executives was surprised at how well that comment was covered. I think the key on the antivirus comment, which was reported as, "Antivirus is Dead," is really that antivirus alone is insufficient. That might have been more accurate, and that in itself is no news. So I think as we'd all recognize, antivirus is a key part of a multilayered endpoint security approach. So signature-based antivirus, we estimate today, catches about 45% of the threats. And then you've got to add other technologies to block those other threats; behavioral, reputation-based detections. And the good news is Symantec has already, for years, included more than antivirus, both on the consumer Norton side, as well as the Enterprise Endpoint side. So an interesting perspective that certainly got widely picked up, and I think it only tells part of the story. Let's see. The 10 new offerings. So we made some progress on those integrated offerings and in fact, delivering on 3 of them here in FY '15. Mobile workforce productivity that we talked about earlier in the call, our fastest growing product family, and something that we will continue to improve the functionality of and offer as a suite. And then the 2 security offerings I would point to: the Service -- Managed Security Services that we talked about before, integrating the information from third-party gateways; and then the HEP [ph] solution that's coming later in the year. Those were all 3 of the original 10. And then you asked for any of them not going forward. I really can't comment at this point, ahead of us announcing anything on a particular product line as to what's not moving forward.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I'd say, Michael, that we made a lot of progress. We're pretty pleased, both with having made those structural changes and then how people are adapting to those, meaning that people are clearly focused in a dedicated way on new business, as well as renewals. And then we also see that there's productivity left to go. So that's what -- one of the efficiency initiatives that we've identified has to do with sales productivity. And so that part is really tools. One of the things that's pretty exciting to see is that we're now able to give folks in our sales force the complete look of products, competitors, future roadmaps. That's all available to them in real time on their mobile device. So that kind of tool we never had at Symantec before. It all goes to making sure that the sales force can spend more time with customers instead of working through issues, back-office issues here at Symantec. So we're pretty pleased with that. But as I'm indicating, there's a little bit more to do both in terms of productivity, as well as fine-tuning performance. If you had to say, "How much of the change is behind us?" I'd certainly say a tremendous amount. I don't know whether that's 75% or 80% but...
