Vincent Pilette: Yes, it's a very good question. We said on the last call that we will first really focus on fast integration of our operations than of our products to put in the best position to grow the value for our customers. On the last call, for those who were not on the call, we identified about $200 million of revenue synergies to be realized over the next two years. Half of those revenue synergies were about improving retention. Northern Life Log before the acquisition of Avast had a retention of about 85% on the customer side, when we merged with Avast, or brought Avast portfolio in, the aggregate portfolio dropped to 75%. And based on our initial assumptions, we felt we can improve that retention by about five good points on operational activities that we had identified at Norton LifeLock, including moving more customers to a membership level and making sure that they benefit and use all of the functionalities of the platform. After 90 days in, I think Natalie mentioned in her script that we improved Avast retention nominally, so not enough yet to make it a trend or mature, but it gives us good confidence that we're on the right path, having identified the right operational plan to improve over the next few quarters. The next big revenue synergies, it's all about cross-selling opportunities. Three quarters of our customers being more security focused, still device-centric and offering them the opportunity to grow in the identity and privacy space. In the quarter, the launch of new identity features or privacy products give us confidence that those would be well received. And I think over the next few quarters, we're going to accelerate that cross-sell, up-sell activities. One of the conditions is to have the product strategy fully defining the product integrated so we can do in-app identifications of the weaknesses for the customers and helping them being fully protected. And then the remaining other activities is between e-commerce, optimization, marketing recalibration across the business models we diverted a little bit of our marketing spend on the free-to-pay conversion so good results. So I think all in all, I would say today, I would reconfirm our $200 million estimate. The timeline does not change, but our confidence in getting there is there. We know in the short-term that we mentioned some macro level changes on global traffic and others. But when we based our the next two-year model and come in to the $3 EPS. We're confident we can rely upon a mid-single-digit growth rate to get there. Half of that growth rate is coming from those revenue synergies.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So, when you step back at a high level, three growth drivers. One is the revenue we get for users, which really is about adoption of some of the products or the full portfolio; the retention activities so more customers being retained satisfied with our values; and then the total customer adds not just the direct customer that we report. On ARPU growth sequential on retention, slight improvement driven by Avast, mainly and we continue to work on those behind that. Many investors ask me, okay, how do you do that? Obviously, we have a lot of operational know-how, but product innovation and membership adoption are the two very important driver there. And I think you've seen that we have a good cadence there. Then comes total membership. We look at membership as a total, including from partners, even though they're not a direct customers, they benefit from our overall membership. And so we'll continue to invest into that partnership, you've seen double-digit growth, and we're pretty happy about the performance there. We continue to work on the funnel. When it comes to direct customers with a stable retention across all lines and across regions and slightly growing ARPU. It's all about the net gross adds, so the new top of the funnel, if you want. A trend we have seen now for a couple of quarters, right? So, it's no different this quarter than it was last quarter or slightly more robustness on the identity privacy combined pillar if you want a little bit more weakness the security when you may be closer to the device. Same dynamic, whether it's Europe or Americas. And I think for us, it's all working on that marketing spend optimization as we continue to innovate the portfolio.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, I understand the question. So, actually, Q1, Q2, Q3, the trends were somewhat in sand dynamic, the same. And you're right that last quarter, it was the Norton and LifeLock lines, if you want, that were sequentially slightly more under pressure -- sorry, less under pressure versus Avast and this quarter is actually the reverse. I would not indicate that as like 1 quarter change within the proportion of what we're looking at, it's not mature enough. And I think overall, you can say about the same dynamic slightly worse in Europe and Americas, but same dynamic across the two continents and slightly worse in security closer to the device than identity and privacy. And I think when we guided back in November, we had said, hey, we don't see a change in that trend. And I think for the next few quarters as we close the fiscal year, we see similar trends and that's why we're right now really focusing on integration, product integration, increasing ARPU and retention as we continue to optimize between the different brands and business models we have.
Vincent Pilette: And also change Hamza only a few percentage points. So it's sorry, I just wanted to add Hamza that between dollar versus euro at 106 versus 109. Yes, it may change in big views, but it's not materially different for us to change how operationally we drive. And inside the company, we drive all of our teams in constant currency and each sales team and direct-to-consumer teams are managing their business on the bookings in constant currency. So…
