Stephen M. Bennett: Thanks, Helyn, and good morning, everyone. Thanks, really, for joining us at this rescheduled time. We apologize for the last-minute change, but because of the announcement, we felt it was the right thing to do to make this change on short notice. So I'm really glad to be here on our earnings call and my first day on my new job. The decision to replace Enrique was a tough one. It was not based on any particular event or issue but one that the board made after reflection on the ongoing company performance. While progress has been made over the last 3 years in many areas, it was the board's decision that making a change now was in the best interest of all of our stakeholders. Enrique has been a significant contributor during his 19 years at Symantec. Throughout his time, and especially during his last 3 years as CEO, Enrique showed an incredible dedication to customers and strong enthusiasm to pursue new emerging opportunities. I want to recognize and thank him for his considerable commitment and wish him the best in the future. My perspective is while the company has very strong assets, we are underperforming against the opportunities. And I'm very excited about working with our leaders to speed up the pace at which we create value for all of our stakeholders. My first order of business will be to speak with our customers, partners and shareholders, and over the next 90 to 120 days I'm going on a tour to listen, learn and work with the leadership team to figure out the right strategy to leverage all of Symantec resources to accelerate our rate of value creation. Once this tour is completed, I'll share our go-forward strategy to win in the marketplace and how we're going to drive accelerated revenue and profit growth. This is a process I've used before many times in the past. It's been successful, and I look forward to applying this similar playbook at Symantec. With that, I'll turn the call over to James to review the quarterly highlights and financial details.
Stephen M. Bennett: Brad, I think the answer is -- I debated whether to put this in the script or not. In the employee communication, what we're saying is a two-prong approach. While we spend 90 to 120 days working through to make sure that we have the right strategy to lead the security market in the future, to win in the mobile-connected virtual world like we won in the desktop PC world, we're also going to be making -- we're going to learn a lot of things in that process that we'll make action-oriented decisions as soon as we run into. I don't know exactly what those are. I don't come in to the job with some clarity on that, but rest assured that I want to make a difference quickly in Symantec and help energize the place and make the kind of decisions that are going to help us accelerate value creation. So it's a two-prong approach. While we're working on the strategy, we will also be making shorter-term decisions. But I can't give you any clarity around what those will be today.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, I think the advantage I have coming in from the Chairman role is I've been working and getting to know the management team over the last couple of years. And there's a lot of really positive things going on here. I'm quite excited about some of the new product launches that we've just launched. So I think it's too early to speculate, because I think it's -- there's going to be a lot of subtle things that have to change and evolve. This is an evolution, not a revolution. And so maybe I'll learn some things that as we go forward that we'll have to change, but I don't sense a big amount of disruption. I think we have a very strong leadership team. I compare this to what I saw when I came to Intuit in 2000, and I actually think Symantec has a lot of capabilities in place that we had to build at Intuit. So I don't see a lot of disruption, but we'll see and deal with that.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think that it's emerged over time. I think that at the end of the day, and we've had this discussion at the board meeting in my previous role, to be clear on our capital allocation philosophy is to first define how much money we need to run the company, kind of a minimum cash threshold. And then above that, I think a lot of companies now that I've been involved in, are evaluating the best way to return excess cash to shareholders. And so that's a discussion that we're having. We don't have any decisions or any change in direction at this point, but that's something. And then I think obviously, we want to look hard at adjusted rate of return on acquisitions that is accretive to our portfolio. I give Enrique and James and team credit for really putting a lot more rigor in the acquisition process at Symantec over the last couple of years, both on the pricing, the negotiations and the integration, and I think the results have been better. So I think that we're going to continue to think about how we return excess cash to shareholders. I think the company will continue to produce excess cash and that we will produce more cash than we will spend on acquisitions. So the real question is what's the most thoughtful way to return that to shareholders? And I think that will be an ongoing discussion for the board, and if we change some thoughts on how to deal with that, I think we'll let you know. But it is a topic that's on the agenda for discussions.
Stephen M. Bennett: Phil, I think it's a good question, and I guess my view on this is one of the advantages of coming in from the outside is you start with a clean sheet of paper. And that's why I'm so excited about the listening tour where I'll be out talking to investors, customers, partners, employees. But I don't feel constrained at all by anything. And I think that will be healthy for our company, to take a clean sheet of paper, zero base to look, and I have lots of questions to ask. And I'm going to collect a lot of data. But I'm completely wide open, I start with a clean sheet of paper. But the most important thing is strategy, and structure follows strategy. So this is an important thing for me to really get right, working with the team. I'm not going to figure it out by myself, but we have a team of really smart people here, and I think this fresh look will really help us. But I will tell you that I don't feel at all constrained by the board. I took this job because I believe that our assets are better than our performance, and I need to learn what's getting in the way. And I think there's strategic clarity that we should be able to bring that will improve our focus and execution and resource allocation, and as I said earlier, so that we get back to the leadership position in the future, mobile-connected world that we had in the desktop PC world. That's my goal, is to bring a strategy to the table in the next 90 to 120 days that positions us for that position in the future.
Stephen M. Bennett: My view on this is I think it's a good use case to run through the previous thing. I think it will be a great thing for me to learn, and I think we want to be sensitive, obviously, to any transition. I don't think you'll see any big decisions like that until we have a strategy. But structure and resource allocation follow strategy. So let's figure out where we're winning and why, where we're losing and why and then make thoughtful, informed decisions based on which hills we're going to charge and then get everybody mobilized to charge those hills, and we're going to pick hills that we believe we can win based on the competitive environment, the resources and assets we have, and then we'll make whatever decisions are required, whether organizational, resource allocation, sales force alignment, to get all of our employees in the boat rowing in the same direction. And I think that clarity of purpose will produce better results than what we've produced over the last few years.
Stephen M. Bennett: The answer to that is no, because the board believed that because of my experience and track record and knowledge of the company that I was the right CEO. Some background on that is they did look at and did a dry search, actually, before the decision was made to promote Enrique 3 years ago, and it just turns out coincidentally, I was on the short list for that decision 3 years ago, so although that search was never commenced and the decision was made to hire Enrique. So no, I'm the CEO, and I have told my wife, Ma [ph], "This might be a 5-year deal, it might be a 3-year deal, but the commitment I made to the board when I took the job is that I will do this job until I'm comfortable we're in a position and have either an internal candidate, preferably, that -- like we did at Intuit, turning over the reins to Brad Smith. I will not turn over the leadership of this company until I've been able to get it on a course I'm comfortable with, and my goal would be to stay on as Chairman at that point. So I have a long-term involvement. And in the mix of what the roles are and how that shapes out will be determined by our ability to make sure we've got the leadership in place to help the company achieve the strategy we're going to set out."
Stephen M. Bennett: I think that's too early for me to answer that question, because I'm going to start from a customer-back -- Intuit has been successful by starting with the important customer problem and then working back. So I'm going to actually -- in my listening and learning tour, I'm going to be out talking to futurists and people that are very "where is the world going in the future?" And I'm going to start from the market back and as we build the strategy. So I actually prefer not to articulate, because I want to start with customer and projected future needs and work back and then organize around the company around what are the mountains that we are going to charge, what are the hills we're going to take? And so I actually think it would be inside out to think about products and services today. And I actually think that's part of our opportunity, is to rethink strategically the whole way the company approaches the market, come market back and be unconstrained by existing structures and existing way we think about things. And so I'm actually quite excited to go on this listening tour and get opinions from all over the world on the most important customer problems that we can solve better than anybody else and make money. And if we do that right and focus on those critical areas, I think we'll accelerate the rate of value creation for our investors and our other stakeholders. So I'm going to defer that, but that will be a robust discussion in the next 30 -- 90 to 120 days or whenever I get to the point to share that. And you guys, I'm sure, will be, other than our employees, some of the first ones to hear where we come down.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think, Gregg, it's an excellent question, and let me just give you a couple of specific answers, because as you know, what you see in the depth of level of knowledge you see as a board member or a Chairman is a lot different than you see as a CEO. So there's some things I know, but there's a lot of things I don't know. The board actually went through and did a tour on Monday of the -- I think it was Monday now -- of the new e-commerce platform that Janice and her team built that James referred to earlier, and I saw just an incredible e-commerce platform, that I say this is an unbelievable asset in our A-B testing capability, and the team that is running that is very exciting. Frankly, my conclusion on that is, "Boy, there's a lot of companies out there that should be using this, because it's better than anything I'd seen. And so what do you do with that now as a company? I mean, we've built it internally. It's awesome." So that's the kind of thing, Gregg, that I've got to learn more about and say, "Hey, this is an asset. Are we really leveraging this in the way that we could, or we are just using it internal?" Now there may be something there. There may not be anything there. So it's another -- I'd give Enrique credit for. I mean, we have a performance management system for the organization here that's pretty robust. That's pretty important as we move forward. So there's organizational things, there's assets in the customer and marketing area. I think there's a lot of questions. To be honest, I bet I have the same questions that many of you would have, and those are all things I'm going to take on in this listening and learning tour, and I'll be much better prepared to talk about that as we get together here again toward the end of the year, 120 days from now. But I'm actually looking forward to that discussion, because I think that I'll be much better informed now than I am then -- or then than I am now.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think it's a very thoughtful question. When I -- all I can do is give you kind of my experience at Intuit, which is the most relevant, which the mission statement is revolutionize people's lives by solving important problems. And it was an unconstraining mission statement, because there's a lot of problems, but the logic there was uncover important customer problems that we can solve better than anybody else in the world and make money. And that's the same logic I'm going to apply at Symantec. I learned that from Scott Cook and Bill Campbell at Intuit. I think it was very powerful, simple, strategic logic. Symantec has very strong assets in many areas. The customers' needs are changing dramatically and radically. As I said, our goal is to lead in the future mobile interconnected world like we did on the desktop PC world. So I believe, and I'm very sensitive, we did not change the mission at Intuit, but it was broad enough to allow us to change the strategy. And so I don't know, to be honest. I don't believe we will be constrained by the mission of Symantec. I'd like to be consistent there if it does not constrain us, but that's one of the questions I'm going to have to figure out. I will not be constrained in how I think about finding important customer problems that we can solve better than anybody else in the world and make money. And that will be the foundation for the strategy this company is going to move forward on.
Stephen M. Bennett: So Ed, strategically, again, I love the question, and I really appreciate the strategic nature a lot of these questions you folks are asking today, because I really do enjoy that kind of dialogue with our investors or our analysts. Look, the best thing I can do, again, is bring a philosophy that was developed at GE and applied at Intuit, which is I don't start with whether it's subscription or whether it's desktop or license. I start with how do we solve an important customer problem? How do we deliver that product or service? I actually call it an offering so we don't have a debate of whether it's a product or a service. And how do we be ubiquitous to how customers want to buy? Because I'm indifferent if they bought TurboTax on the web or as a Software-as-a-Service or on a desktop. What I want to do is win the product offering game, solve that problem than anybody else, however they want to buy it. Is it a license? Is it an appliance? Is it a Software-as-a-Service subscription? I want to be better than anybody else at meeting that customer need, and I don't want to start with growing -- now I think the outcome of that, based on the secular trends, is we're going to see more Software-as-a-Service and all that. But I want to be the best appliance solution and the best license solution and the best subscription-offering Software-as-a-Service solution and let customers pick what's right for them. And small businesses, consumers, different enterprises might pick different solutions. If you had to say, "How are you going to prioritize?" or, "What's your thinking going into it?" Look, I think we want to skate to where the puck's going, not to where it's been. And so we're going to be much more focused on the emerging and the future needs, and I think we're going to have to accelerate our pace and rate of change away from winning in the past to winning in the future. And that may take some courage and some leadership from our team. But that's what we're going to do.
Stephen M. Bennett: Look, I think we have to figure out a way to leverage our assets, do something that other folks can't do. And I think our products have big advantages over a single-platform system today. And I think what we will try and -- I mean, I think the answer -- first, let me answer your question. I think the answer is no. We will make some decisions that you might see or hear about that to me are more strategy-independent. But I think those will be more on the shorter-term value creation. I think the big, big leverage point and the big decisions will be sorting through the reality of how the market's evolving, to your point, and figuring out where to place our chips. So I would defer, I don't think there's going to be any big strategic decisions. And look, I want to travel around the world. I'm going to go to India, I've got to visit all of our customers. So there's a lot for me to learn not just about the strategy, but part of this is learning the organization's capability to execute the new strategy and make them part of the process. So I think there's something more than just figuring out the strategy. I think it's all part of getting the organization mobilized and starting that [ph] so we can execute the new strategy, however that comes down. So I actually think that's an important part of this process. If it was just the strategy process for presentation, I could do it faster than 90 days. But the big part of this is making sure I'm working the organizational and change-management part of this, which I've got a long track record of doing multiple times, to produce excellent results. And so that's what takes more time than just the strategy. Look, to me it's an integrated process, and that's why it will take the kind of timeframes I talked about.
Stephen M. Bennett: Let me just close to everybody. Thank you. I'm glad to be back in the game. Actually, the last day or so, I realized I might have missed it more than I thought, and I'm quite excited and energized to be back. I'd like to thank all the Symantec employees for delivering a solid quarter, and I look forward to working with all of them to make Symantec continue on the path to accelerate value creation for all our stakeholders. So thanks, and I look forward to our next discussion next quarter or at the appropriate time. Thanks for joining us, again, on short notice. Goodbye.
James A. Beer: Yes, Brad, I think our sales force absolutely continues to make more progress in terms of the cross-selling effort. I think what we're seeing in the marketplace right now is more, smaller transactions, customers really looking to purchase what they need for their immediate term rather than some of the broader transactions that we've seen in prior quarters. So I think that's just a reflection of the macro environment.
James A. Beer: Obviously, as we go through our usual guidance process, we think about the macro environment, the customer environment, so forth and we feel as though we've appropriately taken that into account in both the absolute guidance and the way in which we guide. You, I'm sure, have noticed we've broadened out our ranges, for example. We've also acknowledged that foreign exchange is a material headwind here, both year-over-year and sequentially as well by the looks of things. So I think those are important factors to really focus on as you think through the guide that we've offered this morning.
James A. Beer: I think it's also fair to say that year-over-year, the June quarter was a tough compare for us on these large deal statistics. We had some quite robust statistics this time a year ago. And so Backup Exec, as we've acknowledged in our commentary that we have challenges there. And so yes, that's a component of it. But again, I see a clear shift towards people buying more so for their immediate needs rather than making longer-term commitments, necessarily, at this point in time. And I don't think that's surprising, given where we are in the overall environment.
James A. Beer: Yes, we were very pleased with the continued performance of the U.K. and also in our emerging EMEA regions. So Middle East, parts of Africa, parts of Eastern Europe. Not surprisingly, Southern Europe was much tougher for us, and I was pleased by what we saw, both on the consumer and enterprise side of the house.
James A. Beer: Adam, in terms of the license revenue growth percentage year-over-year, obviously, we saw a bounce-back from what we were recording in the last quarter. So that was important to see, and clearly, we'll continue work on building that statistic. But once again, I really emphasized in my remarks the growth of subscription, because more of our new offerings into the market are on a subscription basis. And so, we're really pleased by the strong growth that we continue to see on our subscription business basically, overall, but we particularly also break out the enterprise subscription, which is growing at quite a nice 20%-plus pace.
James A. Beer: Clearly, when you think about the license drivers of the business, it's largely on the enterprise side, and products like Backup Exec, as we work to get that back on track, that will be a relatively license-revenue-rich product, as is today NetBackup and so forth. And you know how we're focused on building our appliance activities around both of our backup product areas. So I think there are opportunities to continue to build on the year-over-year license revenue statistics. But I would just really emphasize the continued growth of the subscription business on the enterprise side. And of course, largely, the Consumer business is a subscription service as well.
James A. Beer: Well, Bill Robbins and his team have been focusing for some years now on gradually improving their productivity and so forth, and I'm pleased by the progress that we've all made together. We certainly feel as though there are opportunities for continued improvement over time. Some of what Bill has been focusing on of late is redesigning the way we have our specialist teams in the marketplace in order to gather together what were previously separate specialist groups into larger groups that focus on related technologies. And so it's things like that, that are allowing us to be more effective in terms of serving our customers and getting a greater productivity as a result. And of course, the best leverage here in terms of productivity is by growing the top line.
James A. Beer: Well, we don't guide to the full year for cash flow, but I'll just remind everyone, obviously, over the last couple of years, we've grown cash flow consistently, and obviously, that's a key goal for the company overall.
James A. Beer: First of all, in terms of the Consumer business, we're very pleased by the ongoing growth there. Janice and her team have put together a remarkable string of quarters of continued and consistent growth. And obviously, we are very focused on continuing that. Underlying that is the fundamental strength of our core products that get terrific reviews consistently, while at the same time, we're very much focused on bringing new services to market, as we talked about in our prepared remarks, very much oriented around the mobile world. And I think underpinning all of that is the investment that we've put in recent years into the e-commerce engine, which offers us such greater granularity into pricing, the behavior of different segments of our customer base on a geographic basis. So we're able to continue learning, continue developing in order to allow us this consistent ability to upsell and cross-sell, which drives the growth as we, in essence, seed and develop our place in the newer mobile space. So that's the strategy. We're absolutely focused in continuing on that, and as we execute, I think there's more opportunity for the Consumer business to grow. So we're pleased by how that is consistently developing. Now in terms of cash flow, obviously, I did note earlier how we had an FX headwind. And certainly, looking at how the euro is going, it's perfectly plausible that there would be those continuing headwinds for the next several months. We'll see. But that said, we're very focused on continuing to grow the top line. We've got a strong set of products and services that are very relevant to the marketplaces in which we operate. Yes, we have a problem in the Backup Exec area. We're really focused on sorting that out. And with that focus, with that level of effort, we'll keep building the cash flow. And it is volatile, more volatile than an accounting metric, obviously, in any 1 quarter, but I think we have plenty of opportunity ahead.
James A. Beer: Well, I wouldn't try to go beyond the guidance that we've already offered this morning, but as you look at the implied billings statistics, if you do the foreign exchange adjustments and just really focus on the organic statistics, the June quarter implied billings were up 4% year-over-year. So that was an important rebound from where we had been in the previous 2 quarters, where we were down year-over-year in both of those.
James A. Beer: And just building on one of those points, Steve, one of the areas where the team is already under way around thinking -- the next step, if you will, is around the e-commerce engine, where we see potential to bring it also over onto the enterprise side of the business, particularly focusing around small-, medium-size businesses where you put a lot of the same types of needs and capabilities. So there are -- I think there's some very interesting opportunities in the areas like that.
James A. Beer: First of all, the enterprise subscriptions business actually grew 24% year-over-year, so a good strong number, and where we're in the financial model seeing this manifest itself is a continued increase in the volume of our in-period revenue that is rolling straight off the balance sheet. So in this September quarter, we're going to have 76% of our revenue coming off the balance sheet. So that's been a steady increase over the last couple of years, and I would expect that to continue as we bring more service offerings into the marketplace.
