Gregory S. Clark: Okay. Thanks, Sarah. So let me start with some of the rationale, and then I'll pass over some of the financial numbers to Nick. So as many of you have followed in the news, the SubCA and Website Security SSL/TLS certificate business has been ongoing. And we feel that this area needs a very focused and dedicated team on it and we think that DigiCert is the right partner for that. As you all may be aware, we were looking through all of the Certificate Authority partners to find the best partner to execute a model where certificates could be minted outside of Symantec also. And DigiCert definitely differentiated themselves in that space, for the global nature of our business, and also I think it's a very well run, excellent business. So we feel that this part of the industry needs an extremely focused management team. And we also are very pro-consumer here at Symantec, and this also removes some uncertainty for our customers and gives a path forward for Website Security. I think this industry needs some investment, and DigiCert is very well set up, especially when combined with Symantec Website Security, to really lead that investment and really drive the state of the industry forward, especially around things like certificate management lifecycle, things like that. So we feel that this a great move for our customers. It's also something that allows us to focus on what our Enterprise core business is which, as we discussed in our prepared remarks, is our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform. And we think that, all in all, this is a great outcome for long-term Symantec growth and also for the certificate cap industry and also a great outcome for our customers. So with that, I'll pass over to Nick to hit a couple of those financial questions. Go ahead, Nick.
Gregory S. Clark: And, Sarah, just one more comment. DigiCert is very experienced at migrating large web PKIs. So in their history, they have a substantial experience of doing that and we think that that's going to be extremely good for our customers. And I think that's really big shout-out on the call that we think that this is going to land things in a great spot for that very important Enterprise customer and other folks in the (47:13). So moving on to your next question about subscription and Blue Coat. I think one of the things that we are very excited about in the quarter, which was in our prepared remarks, we have had some very nice network cloud success. What we've done in Integrated Cyber Defense is we've put a big effort into integrating our Web Security cloud with our Cloud Access Broker, with our Data Protection technology. So if you're a customer and you're wanting to go all cloud for your sort of Web Security needs, we have that covered. If you have any compliance issues, data compliance issues, that's in the stack through our DLP integration. And then, if you need any multifactor authentication to reduce risk there, that's in the stack. That's all integrated. We had an outstanding quarter in displacing our competitors in that space and winning just net new business. We feel really good about that. From a booking to revenue situation, over the last year and a half, if you think about what that number was like in Blue Coat prior to the Symantec integration a year and a half ago, that number is a lot more to the balance sheet, which is really the effect of selling a lot more cloud in the Blue Coat mix.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes. Let me start with sort of the malware crisis that we had in the quarter. WannaCry, Petya, they were serious things. One of the things that happened here at Symantec was our customers were protected from both of those malware plagues. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks that as of a few days ago, we had blocked over 1 billion attempted infections from that EternalBlue vulnerability and WannaCry. We were out in front of that one. We had coverage in all kinds of pieces of that technology. And that really helped us because some of our competitors didn't fare well in that crisis. We were a good operator for the industry. We shared our information through, I think, what is a very solid alliance that we have the other network security players and other security players through Cyber Threat Alliance and helped the world kind of get around that. I think the fact that WannaCry and Petya didn't get our customers was really a testament to the innovation and R&D that we have put into in our product set over the last few years. SEP 14 was a solid release. It definitely carried a lot of water on that. And also, our threat labs were all over that. You might have seen us on the news really early in that attack. We knew a lot about it and we shared that with all the various enforcement agencies and whatnot. So I think we fared well there. What happened there is, we did definitely saw an uptick in pipeline from some of the very major accounts that were affected by that malware; and that has given us a solid lift in our Enterprise pipeline. Those things are displacements of existing competitors. They take a little while to get tested and deployed. We do hope to see some better outlook in future quarters from what happened there. So that was quite good. Now, moving to Symantec Europe. We're definitely not seeing the same as many others had reported around issues in Europe in our business. I think what's happening there is we have our Integrated Cyber Defense offering. So we're in accounts. We've taken some share. We've got a very powerful story for kind of the higher end of the market, and that is something that is carrying the water for us. And then, I think also in the middle market, our effectiveness around some of this malware was great. And so, if you think about that, we have a very powerful opportunity just mining in the installed base, which is really helping us out as we're bringing a differentiated value proposition to point vendors.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes. So, Keith, thanks for that question. That's a good one. So we did enter, the beginning of Q1, with a completely aligned sales force. And summary is, it worked, as you can see in the results. And that was where had truly – if you think about it as a capacity at sort of the named account layer, we have had two people in the same account. We started April with having realigned that entire sales force to a few accounts each. And so, that give us a massive capacity expansion in the (53:17) of the market. As you know, from the Financial Analyst Day and other remarks, we had put more emphasis on the back half of FY 2018. We expect that capacity to come into play later in the year and then into FY 2018 and 2019. In addition to that, we integrated a bunch of information systems that we manage the sales force with that went live in the quarter. They held up. And so, we do think that we are underway in a good place on that sales force alignment. We have some more to go in terms of systems and integration and making sure we've got all the pieces right. So I want to give us a health check that that transformation is in a good place. Just a little bit to go in the next couple quarters. And so, we're keeping a real close eye on it. The other thing I'd just like to mention is attrition is extremely low in our sales force, which is always a test of whether or not our folks think we're set up for success in the future. So that was a big change. We were definitely very focused on it as a management team and a sales execution team in Enterprise, and we've got through it pretty well.
Gregory S. Clark: And I also just would like to comment on the integration. I think that the shot in the arm that Symantec gets from an organization like LifeLock that bring a lot of talent, a lot of passion to the business, that's huge shout out for those guys in the company that are really making a difference and our Norton team. Norton performed extremely well. That WannaCry and Petya outbreak, our Norton customers were protected from that. I think that that part of the business is absolutely on the front foot morale-wise making a difference. And we are very confident that that acquisition of LifeLock is going to do very well.
Gregory S. Clark: We think that that percentage of people that are potential to purchase a combined bundle, we'll call it Digital Safety concepts, are very high. Pricing on each of the different cohorts and the different packaged bundles is a pretty detailed discussion. There's a lot going on there, and we have an excellent set of folks that are working through that and we run a lot of surveys and test. But we are bringing out combined bundles this quarter, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, and we look forward to that being well accepted.
Gregory S. Clark: So with that, I think we need to end the call, folks. Really appreciate your support. Thanks for listening to us today. Thank you very much.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Hi, Sarah. Let me sum up a couple of pieces for you and a little bit is in the script, but let me walk through it. So on the Enterprise side of the fence, keep in mind, if I look forward to 2019, FY 2018 we have to close the transaction. We've given you a perspective of a full-year basis for FY 2018, but I think it's better for you to look forward to 2019. And if I think about the Enterprise business in 2019, we think this benefits the growth outlook for Enterprise in 2019. So when we talked before about our medium term outlook at our Financial Analyst Day of Enterprise Security revenue of mid to high-single digit growth, that gets benefited. So it's actually a little higher than that. So it's high-single to low-double digit in terms of organic revenue growth for the Enterprise group. On the profitability side, it impacts it a bit the other way because we won't be over 30% in terms of margins, but we'll certainly be in the high 20s. That's a combination of the business itself, which we walked through the profitability of it, as well as those stranded costs. And the stranded costs are really around, as we support the transition services of the agreement and try to do our best to transition the business to DigiCert and help them get it ramped up and going. So we just need to be thoughtful about that. I think, importantly, on those stranded costs, those will fall off over time; and again, that's a $50 million number that will fall off over time. In terms of the overall transaction, the equity, we feel good about this business being managed by the experts at DigiCert. And that equity interest is – they're running the business, so that is equity interest for us and that will show up in other income going forward. We've not put that into any models or thought about that in terms of any models at this point in time. We'll update you once we close and get past those pieces. And then, finally, you asked about proceeds. And certainly this is a business where once we get to close and once we get through determining evaluations and tax liability, et cetera, there will be a set of net cash proceeds and a split of that between domestic and international. And you should expect that the U.S. proceeds, we'll be able to use pretty quickly for debt reduction. And then, on the international side, we have to just work through on our ongoing structures there. But that hopefully sums it up for you.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yes. Good question, Keith. So what we're trying to do for FY 2018 is give you the perspective full-year basis of the business. So the $350 million of the business we talked about in Website Security plus the related TKI assets gets you to the $400 million level. It's the operating income associated with that. It is also a set of the stranded costs. There are some puts and takes otherwise for 2018, but we really have to get to close, which is why I was really pointing at FY 2019 on the business side of the fence. We will expect that there is a result from the JV side of the fence that will show up in other income, though us talking about or guiding to any of that at this point in time is a little premature. So we want to wait until we get to closure and get past close, where we will update with certainty the FY 2018 guidance for you and then be able to roll through those things for FY 2019 for you as well. But the big chunks here are, you've got the business itself. And I walked through the operating income associated with the business, the $400 million issued business, and then the stranded costs which are a good $50 million in stranded costs. And the stranded costs, once we get to FY 2019 and we mostly get out of the transition services arrangements and some of those could go longer. That's when we'll be able to really be thoughtful about going after those stranded costs, which will be beneficial to the EPS side.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Okay. I think the first thing I'll say is – and we tried to make sure it was in the script – we're seeing a big difference from a business that's growing 1% in the first quarter this year from one a year ago that was shrinking 8%. So that's, number one, something we feel really good about. And the teams on the Consumer side deserve a lot of credit for making a lot of progress. We saw benefit on both the Norton side and LifeLock side. We're bringing together a set of things now and we're rolling out those Digital Safety bundles. We're rolling out Norton Core. There's a lot of positive energy. I think what you also saw is on the operating margin side some recognition of synergies early, which we also feel good about. So all in all, a very different picture than a year ago. Integration is, I would say, almost ahead of schedule in places. So that's good as well.
