Richard Hill: Well, it's a great question and the answer is, we all know that the results of a company are always given to the CEO, good, bad or indifferent. And we also know that in today's environment being in the CEO position is extremely stressful and difficult. And as I highlighted, I had conversations with Greg. Okay. And he has had issues with his father being ill and the pressure is quite high that we want to continue to deliver strong financial results and also growth on the top line for shareholders simultaneously. And I think the Board in combination with Greg decided that given where the Company is today, how well we've implemented the strategy and where we are, the next phase of executing this strategy requires both a clear laser operational focus as well as the ability to be able to extend the strategy beyond where it is today. And so mutually, both Greg and the Board agreed that now was the right time. So, the question is why the timing. Well, as all this was coming down, it was very close to the earnings announcement. And so it seemed the most effective way to do it was to announce it simultaneously with the earnings. And there was no more than that that effect of the timing of it. You're right under normal circumstances, you would announce something early, but it really wasn't finalized up until less than a week before the earnings announcement and why have two announcements two days in a row. So I think that's the best answer I can give you and in the most truthful.
Richard Hill: Sounds good. And I'm - because I am well-armed for battle here in this rapid-fire question and answers. I'm going to turn that question over to Art, who is sitting on my right to let him answer it.
Richard Hill: Let me, this time, once again deflect and bring my other piece of armor in. I have Samir, who heads the Consumer business. So not to call him a horse, but you can get the answer right from the horse's mouth.
Richard Hill: Well, I give my best analysis that I've had since I've been working on this data for about three weeks. I think the largest single factor affecting this downward trend is what I spoke about in my initial remarks, which is the fact that our core business, which is the Blue Coat systems, our customers are moving to the cloud more quickly, OK? And we had a weakness in our cloud solution. And as I spoke about it in my text, we, in fact, have strengthened that cloud offering, so we think we have that piece fixed. But the fact that the customer moves, we don't want to try to force the customer not to go where they want. So we're in a much better position to retain our key customers into the cloud now that we've improved the product. But the fact that our hardware business is declining more rapidly than we anticipated, that's what led to this downward position. Now having said that, we believe and we're planning that it's somewhat, we're still planning for decline but not at the rate it did decline in the last couple of quarters. So right now, that's the analysis we have of that business. I think the first thing you have to start with as a competitor versus a product and we spent a fair amount of time given how long I've been in the saddle, really, first and foremost, checking the product vitality. And I'm telling you that I feel that the vitality of the product has improved dramatically over the last six months. But again, when you fall down and you don't really realize, that's what's causing the customer to move away from you. We got to go work and we got to win those people back. We also though had really got to expand how quickly we get these products through a wider cross-section of business opportunities. I think that's extremely important. So I can't say enough about how our channel is working has to be improved. We've got to accelerate what we get across the entire channel, whether it's targeted at small business, medium business or the high-end enterprise business itself. And I think we have effective plans in place today that are going to take us there. As you can tell by our projection for Q1, that's where we wanted to be, but when we go out to year-end and we drive for those results, we will get there. So that's the best answer I can give you, Keith.
Richard Hill: Well, I can say there's no disagreement with me. My remarks were heartfelt about Greg's significant contribution to the position of Symantec today. He has a great strategic mind. I think that the reality of where we are today is - it's been a hard slug. And for anyone, and certainly, someone with the pride of Greg, he doesn't like to see the results that happened in the fourth quarter, and I know myself, coming out of the semiconductor capital equipment industry, we had huge cycle swings, okay. That at times, when the business were down, I can tell you, I felt like getting out of the business for a while. So I can't answer for Greg. You certainly can talk to him as much as you want. From my perspective, there comes a time when CEOs, things happen in companies, CEOs aren't - didn't do it or didn't have an effect on it other than you're at the top of the pyramid. And when you're at the top of the pyramid, sometimes things happen. So that's the best I can do with an answer. Because I don't have definitive. And there's no question absolutely to the investigation that I know of. At least no one's ever said that to me. I can say that factually.
Richard Hill: All right, does that answer your question? That he's up to speed and he knows what's going on. I am extremely transparent, Brad. You all know that. Everybody that knows me knows it.
