Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, that's a good question. So, cash flow a year-ago was $1.3 billion if you add the 12% that we guide; on top of that, you end up with about $1.5 billion. There are three moving parts you have to keep in mind, of course restructuring costs. But that is actually a benefit for fiscal year 2016. Our restructuring costs in fiscal year 2015 were about $206 million and we forecast the restructuring and separation costs at the midpoint of $150 million, so it's about $50 million to $60 million lighter. We expect on top of that continued operational improvements and an increase in deferred revenue. And that would deliver the delta and explains the $200 million improvement year-over-year.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. Good question. So, on the revenue side, there are a couple of moving parts. We try to be transparent at Analyst Day on how those come together. But the comparison revenue for the first quarter a year ago is about $1.735 billion. There's an extra week included in that number of about $113 million and that revenue was delivered at an exchange rate of $1.37 so that is another $117 million impact that you would have to correct for. And that would make the comparable revenue number about $1.505 billion. So we guided revenue for this quarter, for the – in the range of $1.5 to billion $1.54 billion. So, at the midpoint of $1.52 billion, that would be a year-over-year growth of 1%. So the math is a little bit tricky, but I think it shows that the momentum that we have been talking about is continuing. Unfortunately, there's some headwinds in difficult compares, but the trajectory is in the right direction.
Thomas J. Seifert: No, except how the product mix and the regional mix is working out. At this point, there are no special or extraordinary influences on how the numbers came together.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, so if you look at the margin for the whole year, we accelerate from 27.3% in fiscal year 2015 to a range of 29% to 30%. So if you look at the percentage increase is, I would say about half of that improvement really in margin structure is – actually it's a little bit more than half of it is driven by cost structure improvement and the efficiency momentum that we take with us.
Thomas J. Seifert: Very fair question. We're not completely done yet. There will be some more work that needs to follow as part of the separation and setting up the right structures. So we will see some continued work in that direction. We also have been rather clear that that something that happens outside especially of the product group. So, on the R&D side, it's rather the opposite phenomenon, especially on the security side we're going to increase spend for development.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, so you mean the margin development for Veritas. I think we have been trying to be clear on this topic. It was driven, of course, by currency headwinds to a certain extent but also by the huge growth we have seen in the appliance segment. Mike talked about the year-over-year compare. So this has diluted the margins to a certain extent. And if we look now forward, we are quite confident that we can recover that for a variety of reasons. First of all, we will see margin improvement on the Veritas side just based on the higher revenue. We also see that the cost and deficiency momentum that Veritas is carrying is going to deliver significant improvement year-over-year. And the margin dilution effect of the appliances is becoming smaller with the shipment of the new products addressing a higher end market. And having, to be very honest, by itself significantly higher margin compared to the current version of appliances that we ship.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, let me comment on the operating margin first and then go back. So if you look at the Veritas business, that is going to expand, that is where we see a lot of improvement in fiscal year 2016. We're going to get that into a range of 27% to 29%. The Consumer business is going to stabilize around that number. And we rather outspoken that the margin for the ES business is going to come down slightly because of a higher R&D expenditure. So if you would translate that, especially on the Veritas side, into gross margin, we think the gross margin is going to improve with hopefully easier currency compares and a less dilutive effect of the new appliance margin, appliance product shipping into a larger market and a higher price market segment.
Thomas J. Seifert: I would say nothing particular other than a general strength and improvement in our renewals activity and in our renewals business.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yeah, so, of course, we have a couple of moving parts. I think the momentum we saw on larger and big deals is just a recognition of what is happening in the market space from a threat perspective. It was very targeted around the verticals that you would think are under attack, financial sectors, the government, and healthcare. And it was compensated in part by product mix effect from businesses that we have covered – or Mike has covered previously and that tracked a bit on the overall Enterprise Security business momentum.
Thomas J. Seifert: I don't really want to get into commenting on billings on a segment level at this point in time. We had a lot of moving parts. I think that is fair to say. And as I said before, the momentum we saw on the large deals was compensated by other product mix movements.
Michael A. Brown: No, I guess we're not seeing impact there. I would say that – and there's been some things that have been written about, there's a resurgence of interest in the endpoint because, of course, that's where a lot of attacks get through; that's where a lot of the unencrypted data is, for example. So I think we're seeing increased awareness that that's a very important part of the whole Enterprise Security infrastructure that needs to be protected. But I would also say that we're significantly seeing increase in the DLP business because more and more workloads are moving to the cloud. So I think both of those trends are key for us: increased interest in the endpoint, which is allowing us to accelerate the growth of our SEP product as we talked about, that accelerated its growth in Q4 up to 6% year-over-year; and then DLP which through the growth of workloads in the cloud is actually accelerated 33% year-over-year in the quarter.
Michael A. Brown: Yeah, Walter, I think Backup Exec is the drag on the business at this point. And as we've talked about – now, I should add, we introduced a new version of Backup Exec, Backup Exec 15. So we expect that will help moderate those declines. But overall, we expect more of our resources, or more of our resources have already been deployed to enterprise backup, because we feel that's where our real strength is. So I think the Backup Exec 15 will help us there in that market. But again, our focus is going to continue to be on the enterprise for Veritas.
Michael A. Brown: I would just – I would also take a minute to add as we talked about, we are seeing strength in areas outside backup, too. So Enterprise Vault, our Archiving product, eDiscovery are also up pretty significantly. So we're seeing through some improvement in our sales execution and renewal rates. We're seeing the strength be broader than just backup.
Michael A. Brown: Yeah, Keith, I think that's true. And we expect to see growth from more of our product line, a broader set of product families going forward. So as it relates to Endpoint Management, we're envisioning some capabilities as we continue to think about how do we refresh that product line. Endpoint Management will be able to provide mobile capability going forward. We're going be delivering that capability from the cloud. So we're not just leaving Endpoint Management to decline. We're going be investing in that area because we see some opportunity. To your question, we see not only strength in endpoint and DLP going forward but also ATP, our Advanced Threat Protection. Of course, we just introduced the first two parts of that three-pronged solution in this quarter, in the current quarter that we're in. And in fact, it was early May. But now we're going to add the third in the first half, which is endpoint that we think that's going to give us the strongest capability for Advanced Threat Protection that exists in the marketplace. I can be happy to talk about why we feel that way. Our Trust Services business now is bigger and continues to grow. And our Cyber Security Services, we're seeing business activity there that is quite strong that we feel confident will lead to revenue growth in FY 2016. So not only will the loss from Endpoint Management be smaller, as you point out, but strength from a broader cross-section of products FY 2016. One of the things we're enthused about too, if I can just add, Keith, is, of course, the dedicated sales focus. So this will be the first time – it just started this quarter where you've got dedicated sales forces, one for Security, one for Veritas. And on the Security side, we have 40% more quota-carrying reps in our sales force for Security. So I think that's going to help us frankly on both Veritas and Symantec sides.
Michael A. Brown: While, we think it could be pretty significant, what we don't know is how quickly we can realize that. Obviously, our installed base is key there. As you know, we have an installed base of over 100 million enterprise endpoints. So the combination of the Network, Email, and Endpoint product and the ability to look across those control points to prioritize the incidents which is the number one complaint we hear from security operations professionals is you're overwhelming us with alerts, we need some clarity about what is the most important things to focus on. So our solution is really going to give those professionals that capability. In addition, of course, we're going to be able to correlate what are we seeing with the threat intelligence base that Symantec has access to, that's clearly a strength where we will outshine the competitors. And added to that, we don't require you to install an expensive appliance, which, as you know, can be up to $0.5 million per appliance. So we're delivering the solution with virtual appliances from the cloud. So very cost effective. We believe the efficacy rate of what we're going be able to block is more significant and the productivity for the security analysts who are watching this information is going to be much higher.
Michael A. Brown: You could say that we're probably halfway to two-thirds through what we announced as a roughly 10% cut back in November.
Michael A. Brown: Yeah, so I feel like we pretty much have made the changes that we need to make there. We were very clear to apply the learnings from several years ago. A good example of that is there was no fifth quarter to drain the pipeline that happened before we made that dramatic change in sales force, September 2013 if I remember the date right. So that was not the way we approached that this time. And, of course, you could argue that was a much more disruptive change in general because you're splitting new versus renewal so the skill set you could say that was required and whether we got that right could be questioned. So not that type of change. Some of the focus by business line had partially begun especially in the more mature markets, but now that's completed. We began the planning for this about six months ago. We named the sales leadership at the top level right around September, even though we were not able to publicly announce the separation at that time. We knew that announcement would be coming. And now we've had worldwide sales conferences for both Veritas and Symantec, which I think were very successful, where we not only got those folks together, everybody knows which lane they're playing in to use your language and what their quota is and territory, et cetera, their management, but also we're trained for very focused sales plays. If you look at the evolution of the product line from two years ago to today, it's much more streamlined in terms of where our focus is by product area, and we want to make sure that our sales force is capable of running the sales plays in these focused areas. And then the point that we just made a minute ago, we've increased the quota-carrying reps 20% on the Veritas side, 40% on the Symantec side. So many more quota-carrying reps, while we've actually reduced the overall sales head count. So we have a much more focused sales force not only in terms of product line but folks with a quota that they need to meet. I think we have made the key changes that we need to make. What we'll need to do from here is more of a fine-tuning nature.
Michael A. Brown: So the 5330, which we just began shipping, in fact, this most recent quarter we reported, it really reflects only about one month of shipment of the new 5330. So that has a higher margin, gross margin, than the appliances we had shipped previously. And as we look through the year, we will have another doubling of that capacity for the 5330 coming later in the year. So there's a lot of opportunity to improve the margins in our appliances business with the greater shift in mix to the 5330 and moving up to the higher capacity later this year.
Michael A. Brown: Oh, sure. Okay, great. Yeah, so one of the things that we're doing as we've streamlined the product line to one single subscription offering is now thinking about some merchandising or different segmentation of that. So it's still the same basic product, which means we get a lot of cost efficiency there, but having a premium capability allows us to offer more for the customers who want more. So the premium offering has MSRP of $89.99. That allows you to protect up to 10 devices, includes parental controls and online backup. So that's a lot more capability than what you get with the basic Norton Security. All of the offerings will have the same level of enterprise-grade security provided to the consumer. So that's what we're doing on the premium offering. In addition to that, obviously we're focused on the Norton business and improving our online customer acquisition. So there's a lot of A/B testing going on there, looking at keywords and other things to make sure that we're making the most of acquiring online customers. We talked about the migration to the subscription service. That's something that started in the – in North America with the December quarter. We just announced the subscription and started launching that basically in the month of September. So that just started. So everyone in North America will be on a subscription service as we lap that by four quarters. We're just now launching that internationally. So that's happening now in the April to June period internationally and, of course, that will take us another year to get everyone on a subscription service internationally. In addition, the distribution partnerships, we have partnerships today with Comcast, Deutsche Telekom, and SoftBank in Japan, so covering some of the major regions. We're looking at whether we can expand distribution through additional partnerships. And, in fact, one that we just added is a company, América Móvil, one of the largest carriers in Latin America. They have several hundred million customers in Latin America, which we would have not been able to access before through a partnership like this. So we're pretty excited about what these partnerships can bring to the Norton business going forward. So a lot's happening in Norton besides just the focus on margin.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I'd say that's really following the progress of the separation. So the channel – we found very few channel partners that really were crossing both Enterprise Security as well as our Veritas business. So the focus that we've achieved there, I think, has gotten a number of partners excited. Many of them attended our sales conferences that we just had. We just saw some interesting data from the channel saying Symantec continues to be the most recognized brand in terms of protecting customers for cyber threats, which we saw was an interesting bit of data. It gives us encouragement that, as we go forward, the channel still a very important part of our business and still very much believing that Symantec is the best supplier for them. As we talked about in previous calls, we have a new channel program, which is very much in place giving the channel better economics for getting certified in key product lines. So as that has occurred, their opportunity to get better economics from us as they focus on our products and learn more about them works both ways. We expect that to be able to help us build our volume as well as provide better economics for them as they get certified. So I'd say, overall, we feel very good about where our channel program is and the enthusiasm we're seeing from the channel.
Michael A. Brown: But I think you could say that some of the big deal momentum we saw was also driven by our appliances business. So I'd say without providing the detail by segment that Thomas talked about you'd see the momentum both – across the Enterprise business, so both Veritas and Symantec.
Fatima Aslam Boolani: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. This is Fatima Boolani on behalf of Brent. I was just wondering if you could spend a little bit of time talking about the 800 point delta sequential decline in Information Management segments. I know you touched on kind of the appliance shipment volumes being very strong but I'm just trying to better reconcile that.
Fatima Aslam Boolani: And then maybe just along those lines we take a step back and take a look at the short- to medium-term gross margin profile. So as you expect a higher end SKUs to add to the mix but considering the focus and reinvestment on the cyber security and incident response side, I'm wondering if you can comment on what the gross margin trajectory would look like for the short- and medium-term.
Fatima Aslam Boolani: And the last one from me, if I could. The content subscription line declined much less, and it's sort of turning the corner, it seems like, at a minus 1% year-on-year on a constant currency basis. I'm wondering if there was any particular areas within the three buckets, so content, subscription, maintenance that were particularly helpful there, and sort of when we can kind of start seeing growth in that revenue line? And that's it for me. Thank you.
