Vincent Pilette: Yes. So let me first go back at the core, as we developed the cyber safety membership, Norton 360, we have underlying growth drivers, which is that more and more consumers are driving the operations, they live online and they want to do that in a safe environment. We have since we became NortonLifeLock in November, reinvested in marketing to make our products known, out there we had launched Norton 360 at the beginning of this fiscal year, as you know, and we pushed that rollout through. We were on a steady path if you want, turning a situation where we had a declining customer count into bringing more and more new customers; it was the path-through-the-quarter. We saw in the month of March, more demand and slow conversion or realization of that increased demand. We saw that through the month of April and obviously you can understand that all of the activities from working from home, not wanting to go into the shopping malls and all of those things have only increased the need for a better protection online. As you mentioned, that was offset partially by the fact that at physical stores, we couldn't go and buy a token or one of our products, but that was a mile offset. So we encouraged by the trends, it will be a long-term trends. We believe that will continue which is more people will work from home, will live their life online and, and we'll need our products.
Vincent Pilette: So we have reduced our headcount to what our long-term model structure is for the consumer business about 2,500. And with that, we've vacated the buildings that are not needed anymore. We put them for sale and we them off our put them for sale and hold them off our P&L, put them on our balance sheet, teed up for sales. We’ve had multiple offers with each one of those buildings and then through the outbreak, as you imagine those discussions, slow down some drop, some try to do an accelerated [indiscernible] coming back into the offers around, if you want. And it will – our expectation is that it will take a bit more time. We have not revised our value down. We not press for cash as you know, and we have multiple options, including in the short-term, one of the buyer came back with a short-term lease while they were figuring out they need. So from that perspective, I don't see any impact in our operational business, and it's about time to cash in term of realizing this underutilized assets.
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely. So, at a very high level, if you take the three areas that drive growth, one is number one more customers. The second one is offering a great product that they want at a higher level of membership, and you know, we've all at Norton 360, we not have about 25% of our install base into Norton 360 and that increased engagement. And the third one is to increase retention. We have great operational teams driving each one of those three areas and driving for growers. As I shared a quarter ago and share with the team all the time, it's a balance between all those three drivers, but the number one metric is increasing the customer count, behind that is the marketing investment, it’s the net promoter scores and the customer satisfaction and we were driving that. If you see our retention, it has improved in each one of the cohort by tenure. But you know that the first year of tenure is a lower retention and that increases, as they seem to our portfolio. And so the increase retention as they engage more and more than 360 is slightly offset because we’re returning to customer growth, overall though always all value for the business.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. So as you imagine at the beginning days of the COVID-19 outbreak, went back to a lot of scenarios. We also went back to what happened in 2008, look at the retention rate during that time. And actually there was pretty resilient and sustainable even then. Now every environment or every crisis is unique and this one brings something that is very different. It changes the way we operate our lives. It changed the way we work? It changes the way we interact? The way we shop? And I think there is a underlying acceleration of the need for more privacy, more security online that's why you see companies like Logitech selling more video conferencing systems and us with that selling more security products. And I think the trends of having more awareness of few lives moving online is a structural trend. Now it may be impacting in the short-term here and there by different economic headwind. But I think we're well positioned from that. And we have the perfect solution launching last year, the Norton 360 membership. We saw an acceleration of the adoption rate through the last two quarters, and we're very pleased by that.
Vincent Pilette: So you are right, we have at the high level about six level of membership and it start with what I would call basic securities and then add various level of functionalities, password managers and others. And then for the last three memberships it includes the identity, so that's Norton 360 with LifeLock and start basic and finish that premium. We've seen a good adoption of that Norton 360 across. When we sell today, the new customer acquired are in the vast majority on the Norton 360 platform, we're not going to share now between the different membership where the ratio is, but we've seen good adoption. And we expect that to continue over the next four quarters as we go through fiscal year 2021.
Vincent Pilette: A very good question, as you mentioned early March we saw a drop in marketing rates. We were already trying to shift or doing shifting between long-form TV ads into more social and dynamic advertising. So we're in the process of improving the productivity of our recently increased marketing spent. I think we discussed in the last call that you first raise your marketing level and then you maintain that level for a consistent periods to improve over time. We've seen a low-double digit improvement in our CAC, Customer Acquisition Costs to the quarter. And we plan to leverage that, balance it between profitability and/or reinvestment as we see gross momentum mainly international.
Vincent Pilette: So as you know, right, for the last two quarter – three quarter, we increased our marketing spent, it really shifted for the last two quarter with over $100,000 new customer acquired. Our retention rates have been very stable around 85% and it’s really about increasing the productivity and the return from our marketing investment, so it's net new coming from direct consumer acquisition programs.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, I think we’ve mentioned it, right. So as we raised our marketing investment, two things we're doing. We’re doing more social and pay search or search paid that goes into more quick returns than the long-form TV. And then it's moving more of our marketing dollars internationally. In the past, and certainly in fiscal year 2019 the marketing investment were solid [indiscernible] U.S. and so we've expanded that internationally as we roll out our Norton 360 now more than 43 countries and as we can maintain this investment at certain level. We should see a continuous improvement of our CAC as we progress through fiscal year 2021.
Vincent Pilette: So we actually saw very solid trends of retention in the month of March and April. We are not forecasting, if you want dramatic change in retention, we've seen increased engagement from customers moving to Norton 360 platform and that increased the retention and then that has to be offset with bringing new customers and continuously growing our customer base with the first year retention being lower than the average we mentioned. And we have of course a program trying to improve the retention rate of the first year cohort. So as I mentioned, it's a balance between ARPU retention and new customer counts. And our number one objective is to grow customer count sustainably for the long-term.
Vincent Pilette: No, I don't think that one. The comment we made was regarding our time management capability within Norton Family that was originally Windows and in the interest of expanding that to help parents at home we've now added that to iOS and Android as well. So that's the comment we were making.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you. We believe NortonLifeLock has a unique opportunity to build the best portfolio addressing the consumer's ever evolving needs for cyber safety. While the economic environment might be volatile and uncertain, our resilient business model and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to execute our business plan with minimal interruption. We are adapting as we go. We are tactically focused on delivering to our best potential every single day. We have a bias for action and a mission to make the world cyber safe. Thank you for joining us today.
Samir Kapuria: Thanks, Fatima. Yes. As we look at the international expansion, for the most part we're entering cohorts and markets where the needs have increased dramatically and so our security, our privacy and even the identity solutions that we have designed for certain international markets allow us to hit those markets with a premium offering, and that's allowed us to maintain our ARPU. I think to the comments that Vincent just shared, with a lot more at risk in today's environment, given the masses of people that now are doing the digital equivalent of what their physical lives were there is an appreciation for making sure that is also safe and secure. And we're seeing that trend continue both in our expansion in Europe and in Asia.
Samir Kapuria: Yes, thanks for that question. We've seen a lot of uptake and adoption of that Family for free. I think it goes back to the volume of children that are now schooling, gaming and communicating on online, while there's a large cohort of parents that at the same time are working from home. And so with the adoption of that stay at home lifestyle, what we've seen is a much higher use of Norton Family, almost like a digital guardian for parents. And we're just happy to be able to contribute back in this time where we've got this crisis amidst us.
Samir Kapuria: Yes, Walter, the Family free is something that we've decided to contribute. We are not looking at it as a business as much as it is a contribution to the situation at hand. But, we do hope to deliver value and more awareness around the overarching cyber safety needs based on that and we'll see what happens in the future. Hopefully we get out of this current pandemic in a short amount of time and we can reevaluate that.
