Michael A. Brown: Philip, I'd say it's a combination of the go-to-market changes, which we've talked about for several quarters here that underpin a strengthening in the business that you can see in the implied billings trend, so I'd say that's really part of it. But I'd also say it's the strength in new products. So a number of things that we called out here, the accelerating growth in appliances, you'd have to point, number one. The improvement in DLP, so seeing that up 18% year-over-year. In addition, our flagship Endpoint Protection or SEP products are also up. User Authentication, also up. So -- NetBackup, in general, separate from appliances also increased year-over-year, that was 18% also year-over-year increase. So a lot of improvement in the product comparisons as well. Of course, we introduced 6 new products in October. So as we start to think about Q3, and we'll have introduced 40 new products that will be new or upgraded versions of existing products by the end of this fiscal year.
Michael A. Brown: Well think there's a number of headwinds that -- you could view them as headwinds, you could view them as positive changes, depending on whether you're looking at revenue or the profit impact that Thomas covered in his remarks. So as we talked about streamlining the business, it was not only the product streamlining, from going from the 9 offerings down to 1, but it's also in terms of the channel and business practice. So on the channel, as you know, we focused on online acquisition and gotten out of unprofitable OEM, retail, some activity we had going in small countries. And so taking away that unprofitable revenue obviously makes a more difficult comparison as we look at the revenue year-over-year. But improves the -- both profitability as we saw the operating margin increase to 53% and the absolute profits in the business. The renewal policy that we changed basically made it much more transparent for consumers to not be automatically renewing. What we're doing to mitigate those headwinds, which you expect the last several quarters, because the business is ratable, and it will take us 3 or 4 quarters to work through that, and have a different comparison point, are focusing on online acquisition, where we think there's more opportunity to improve the rate at which we acquire customers, and then enhancing the customer experience. We're going through what it takes to land each landing page, what it takes to come to Norton and we're also improving what we can demonstrate to customers as value they receive from Norton. So an example, when one of these large malware attacks occurs, we're highlighting that for customers if they're protected already by Norton. We think that's going to show customer there's value in subscribing to Norton versus subscribing to one of the freemium offerings that are out there. For those folks who do renew automatically, we're offering a virus removal guarantee, which means that if they do get a virus, we'll guarantee to get that removed from their system. So there's a number of things that we're doing to mitigate what we're seeing as headwinds over the next several quarters.
Michael A. Brown: We've been pretty consistent that, that has been growing mid-single digits, which is in line with the market. I actually think this past quarter, we saw some strength to indicate we could be gaining share in that market. What we just introduced in October really improves the capability of the product. We talked about that to stop targeted attacks. And I'm very enthused about what's coming as we get to the end of this fiscal year, beginning of next fiscal year, where we're introducing Advanced Threat Protection capability, focused on the endpoint, that's SES-ATP capability's going to be very powerful.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, you asked specifically about China. What we've talked about before is the same for us today, which is most of our revenue in China is from our Information Management business. So I don't know if your question was reflecting kind of the political environment in China, where a lot of tech companies have faced some difficulty. We don't see that affecting the Information Management business.
Michael A. Brown: I'd say it's very positive. I was able to spend the week after the announcement, as I mentioned in the script, with our North American partners at an event we call Partner Engage. And because most of our partners frankly are already focused on either one part of the business or the other, a lot of enthusiasm for what -- working with a smaller, more focused company that can execute better. And at that event, we were able to confirm that we do not see any changes to the channel program, something we've talked about in the last couple of calls. Something we've invested a lot in, something our partners have invested a lot in, because as you'll recall, this is all about better economics for more value, meaning our partners invest with us, get certification to be able to achieve better economics through this program, so that we're working with the most valuable partners who help us sell some of the most valuable solutions in the market, versus some of the products that are frankly easier to sell, and become more commoditized. So I think there's a lot of enthusiasm from the channel partners about both the program and the momentum they're seeing on products. I think our larger customers similarly are, as we've already talked about before, they're different buying centers. They're often, even when we do a contract that spans Information Management and Security, they're buying those in different cycles. So I think from their standpoint, they view it as a positive, and don't see that there's going to be a disruption to continuing to buy from us. And they're excited about what's in the pipeline.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, and Fatima, we've talked about that before. Of course, we can't announce ahead of any transaction, but we've looked both at individual products as well as groupings of products that might make sense. So that's certainly something that is on our mind. More importantly, we're focused on where we can reinvest for the highest growth. We've talked about some of those here today. We believe DLP is a flagship product for us, something where our position is more than twice as big as the next biggest competitor. We have a similar position with Endpoint, and we're going to make that a lot more powerful, as I said, when we include ATP capabilities, so SES-ATP, and that's coming very soon. We expect to be in beta on that product by the end of this fiscal year. Services is another area, which is 1 of our 3 tenets of our strategy. Huge market. We're not a large factor there, even though our business activity is way up in services. Mobile is another opportunity for us going forward. And on the Information Management side, we see opportunities continuing with appliances, as we mentioned, our growth rates accelerated there. Continue to see growth in Backup, and we're excited about the business level of activity we're seeing with some of the new offerings we've got with older products like Storage Foundation and some of the other information availability products. It's a pretty broad spectrum of things we see to invest in.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, I think that's a very accurate description, an accelerated interest. And that has been an interest in exploring that from many different types of customers. If you look at where the market's going, it's moving first to cloud at smaller, medium-sized businesses, not really the large enterprises. So I think that's one of the reasons why our growth continues to be strong for an on-premise solution with the largest enterprises, because that's of course, where NetBackup is strongest. So I'd say we're seeing more pressure there for competitive products to Backup Exec, as an example, than we are with NetBackup. But we continue to make progress in terms of getting our offerings to the cloud. And we talked today about some of what we're doing to be able to enable customers to move back-and-forth data to the cloud and recover from the cloud. That's what Disaster Recovery Orchestrator is all about, as an example.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think after 3 or 4 quarters, what we would expect is a moderation of that trend that you see this quarter. So we've talked about in the past the fact that our Norton business, it's certainly the largest, by far, Consumer Security business. And we expect that there is an opportunity to continue to improve that. But we should expect from a revenue standpoint that it will be flat to slightly declining. So we think when we get through this period of headwinds, we should return to an environment that's more like that.
Michael A. Brown: I clearly believe that. I am following as you are, what we're reading in the headlines, the increased number of breaches we talked about in our comments today. If you remember Jamie Dimon's comments, they spent $250 million on security this past year, and he's thinking about doubling that. He's not the only CEO out there that's thinking about what is required to be able to protect a business' reputation. So I think we're going to see, not only an increase in budget but an increase in budget towards some of the more sophisticated offerings to protect customers. You're going to see that from us with these ATP offerings we talked about, and services. That's why we're so focused on services. Security is so complex, and there aren't enough qualified, trained professionals in the security operation staff to deal with that, that services presents a tremendous opportunity for us going forward. So we want to be able to provide Security, how customers want to buy it, whether that's a product, a service or a combination.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, I think the Endpoint market is one where you see competitors catch up in capability, then there's price pressure. But as new capabilities come out, that presents an opportunity for an uplift in terms of pricing. So as we described today, where we have a baseline, the biggest in terms of our Symantec Endpoint Protection because we're the leader there. As we introduce a product like SES-ATP, it's an add-on capability where you get a lot more capability to protect the endpoint. And that will be sold as an add-on. So I think you'll be able to see a potential to get more revenue from that installed base, with that enhanced capability.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, that's one of the decisions that we made as we talked about before, where we're taking a look at the product line to see if something's contributing to growth, is it contributing to profit, or neither. And if a product is not contributing to either, then it's a candidate to be stopped. So we've done some of those in the past. We've done that with some things we haven't announced yet, that we stopped before they got into the market. Here's an example of one that we had to stop selling, because it doesn't make any sense for us to continue, because it's not contributing to the bottom line.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. I'm excited about each one of what these executives brings, and then the combination's really improved our capabilities. So starting with Thomas, who joined us last March as CFO. We announced just several weeks ago, John Gannon, who's leading the Information Management business as an Executive Vice President from HP. Thomas, long time at AMD, as you recall. Amy Cappellanti-Wolf, who joined us as Head of Human Resources from Silver Spring and Cisco. Jeff Scheel, who joined us recently to head up Corporate Development, aligns within Strategy, joins us from FireEye, Mandiant, HP, ArcSight before that. Adrian Jones, who heads up sales for Asia Pacific, and will be our Worldwide Leader for Security Sales. He also joins us from Oracle, HP. And we're excited about the improvements that APJ has seen since he's been on board. And then very significantly, Balaji, who will be joining us, Balaji Yelamanchili from Oracle, who'll be joining us starting next Monday, and he'll be leading our Enterprise Security Products organization. So I couldn't be more pleased with the additions we've made. In terms of whether it's easier, I think it's easier given the improved momentum, and I think having a permanent CEO has been important in the recruiting process, to be honest with you. In terms of what we're looking for, going forward, I think the team is pretty well complete at this point. We're searching right now for someone to lead our Services business as a General Manager. Such an important area for our growth in the future, and we haven't had that organized as its own business. So that's the search that's underway.
Michael A. Brown: Okay. Well, we've talked briefly about the strategies. If you look at some of the material, I believe it's on the investor website too. On Unified Security, I'll cover it very briefly, but these are the strategies that we would expect each of the businesses to go forward with. So starting with Unified Security. It's all about building this intelligence platform that takes advantage of the threat telemetry and global footprint that we have. So that's the first thing, and that will be an area of investment for us. Second is the growth in services that we talked about. And third has to do with what we do with the product portfolio to both simplify and integrate, and the integration here is not about suites of products. It's about integrating ATP and DLP capability across more of these products at the various control points. So that's, in a nutshell, is what we're thinking about for Security. On the Information Management side, it starts with improving the foundational products that we have. We're talking about NetBackup, the Appliances, Storage Foundation. We talked about some of those improvements in the prepared remarks today. It continues with what we can do to improve total cost of ownership, which really gets to your question about the number of backup copies that are floating around enterprises, so it's really going specifically to that point. And then, it's also taking advantage of the end-to-end visibility we have of seeing the life cycle of information. And we've got a development underway that we've talked about, called Information Fabric, that will allow IT professionals to see what data they have, where it's located, how it's protected and so forth. In terms of M&A activity, I would expect that we're going to continue to be looking at where we can enhance the portfolio. We need to be selective as we look at those opportunities. So I would expect that to be complementary technologies. We don't need to buy revenue at Symantec, so we're going to continue to look at those. That is under way at this point. And so I would expect we would be able to engage in some M&A activity even before the separation is complete.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, we've done especially well this quarter in Latin America because of some very large deals in the financial sector and in the infrastructure sector. So overall, I would say we see the strength of the product across all of the regions and all of the important verticals, whether it's federal or public sector, financial services, health care and insurance, especially. China...
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, that's a very good question, so I think we have been rather transparent in how we look at our cost structure and where we think there's room to make us a leaner and more efficient organization. That's in the infrastructure cost and the footprint we have, and our benchmarks in sales and marketing and also, to a certain degree, in G&A cost are off by quite a bit. And this is where most of the restructuring is going to be targeted at. As the reinvestment goes into R&D, as we said before, into mobile, into services, in DLP and ATP and the Backup and Backup Appliances. We'll provide more clarity of how much we are going to invest when we start the new fiscal year. We are going through the product portfolios from an R&D perspective, as we speak. Where's the best ROIs, where are the good growth opportunities, and where are the opportunities for us to really deliver unique benefits to our customers across the portfolio that we have. So we will not reinvest all of the 10%, but we will reinvest a good portion of it, because the opportunities from a market perspective are just huge.
Thomas J. Seifert: They're going to be non-GAAPed out for sure. And they are cash for most -- they are cash, 100% of the charges.
Thomas J. Seifert: And I think that's not only a statement for the private sector. It's also a statement for the public and for the federal customers that we have, worldwide.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, that's fair. So I think when we talk about the separation costs we are preparing to occur those above -- across the next 5 quarters, pretty much, in more or less a linear fashion. When we talk about restructuring, we will have pretty much 50% of those charges within this fiscal year. So most of the restructuring is going to occur in the fourth quarter of this fiscal year and the first quarter of next fiscal year.
Thomas J. Seifert: Well, there's always a little room for improvement, but I think what Mike said is important. We stabilized the business from a profitability perspective. Focusing on profitability was a big task, streamlining the product portfolio and getting out of revenue engagements that are not contributing to the bottom line. So now moving forward, it's more about keeping the profitability that we have, maybe slightly improving it, but making sure that we get into a revenue and top line development that Mike has indicated.
